

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1: Transmigrating to Another World
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lt. Julian Weber gazed across the construction project his unit was responsible for. As the U.S. involvement in the war in Afghanistan came to a close, he was stuck building a bridge in the middle of nowhere for some god-forsaken country. If there was one thing he had learned during his four years as an officer in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, it was unwise to criticize the high command's stupidity openly.

Thus he kept his mouth shut as he and the other officer's mapped out the construction project while the enlisted personnel was hard at work building the massive bridge that served virtually no purpose whatsoever to U.S. forces who were already fleeing the country in large numbers. That's right, "fleeing." Julian may not care for a hellhole like Afghanistan. Still, he considered it a monumental loss to pull out of the country when the Afghan National Army was clearly incapable of contending with the Taliban without U.S. support.

In his mind, the U.S. had invested over 2.2 trillion dollars in the war and thousands of lives, yet before their mission was complete, they were pulling out. Leaving a fledgling democratic country like Afghanistan, which the US had installed as a puppet state to fend for themselves. This was Iraq and Vietnam all over again, and we all know how that turned out.

Despite his internal protests over the geopolitical situation, he was glad to be out of the region on a personal level. He was much more comfortable sitting in the barracks of some base in the homeland playing strategy games, city builders, and agricultural simulators. When he wasn't working, he played such games or educated himself on history, philosophy, politics, economics, and old technology.

After all, he was a fairly educated individual, having graduated at the top of his class in Civil Engineering from Westpoint. During his youth, he always had a fascination with Engineering. If you gave him a toy, he was more interested in taking it apart and putting it back together than he was playing with it.

As he grew into adolescence, he had spent most of his time on the web or in a library researching history and how the Industrial and Agricultural revolutions came to be; The significant improvements in technology, and how to replicate them. With a photographic memory and an above-average IQ, he could commit these things to his permanent memory.

During his college years, he once more focused on his studies, taking many unnecessary electives; by the time he graduated and entered the armed forces, he was practically a walking textbook of knowledge ranging from liberal arts to technical knowledge. Obviously, this did not do him any favors in the dating scene.

Largely because this is how he chose to spend his free time, he was quite obviously perpetually single and had no dependents to rely upon him. Not even a house pet, as he considered pawning them off to a relative while he was deployed a hassle for not only himself but his relatives as well.

Yet here he was, stuck in the Middle East, engaging in a construction project in a country the U.S Military had already declared its full withdrawal date, which was only a month away. He didn't understand the brass' thinking, but it was just another enormous waste of the taxpayers' money at the end of the day.

I mean, sure, the Afghan National Army could use the bridge for tactical purposes, but could they seriously not build it themselves? That was obviously a rhetorical question he was asking himself, as he was well aware of the degree of competency he could expect from the ANA and was not impressed.

While he was thinking of such trivial things, he could hear the voices of a few Non-Commissioned Officers joking around in the background, discussing how they intended to celebrate the end of the war. These older men had been in the war far too long and did have a shred of nationalism left in their bodies; as such, they did not care about the loss the country faced in this land; they only cared about going home. Not that he could blame them.

Just as one of the NCOs was about to mention their plans, a large explosion went off in the distance, and the whistling sound of a shell in the air could be heard as it headed in Julian's direction. Only a single thought crossed Julian's mind as he gazed at the shell coming down upon him.

'Fuck my life!'

and with that final thought, his consciousness was engulfed in the blast of the explosive shell, as well as the lives of the other officers in the area. He was truly, and utterly dead.

...

Berengar awoke with a shout as his hoarse voice echoed throughout the large stone room. His eyes darting frantically across the area. After careful examination, he realized he was not blown up by an artillery shell but instead lying on a massive bed with a canopy above. Near his bedside was a young girl at the early stage of adolescence gazing at him with fearful eyes. Henrietta was his younger sister; despite her youth, she was already quite pretty, with long blonde hair and sparkling blue eyes the color of the sky.

As he gazed upon the frightened girl, he quickly thought to himself something of significant importance.

'Henrietta? Sister? Since when did I have a sister? What is going on? and why was that my first thought upon observing this stranger?'

Berengar furrowed his brows as he searched his memories; it would appear that in his mind were two sets of memories. One was of the body in which he currently resided in whose identity was Berengar von Kufstein, son of Sieghard von Kufstein and heir to the Barony of Kufstein. He was twenty years old this year.

The other set of memories belonged to Julian Weber, a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers who died tragically in Afghanistan by an attack from the Taliban. Had he received new life? Just what was going on?

Before he could further question his situation, the young girl named Henrietta held his hand with tears streaming from her beautiful azure eyes.

"I thought I lost you! Thank God you're alive big brother!"

she then followed up her statement with the sign of the cross and a brief prayer in a language Berengar recognized as Latin.

Berengar sat back in his bed and continued to ponder about his situation as the memories of Berengar's life flooded into his head. This world was an Alternate Earth set in the Late Medieval Period. His family's land was a small Barony set within the borders of the Holy Roman Empire. Though many historical events were similar to the world he once knew, there were still many differences.

While the timeline of Antiquity was mostly intact, what happened after changed drastically from the world Julian was from. The East-West Schism never occurred within the church; as such, the Orthodox and Catholic Churches never drifted apart. Instead, the relationship between the two churches was rather Cordial, thus the Papacy held even more power than it did within our timeline.

Because the Byzantines were not considered heretics by the west by the time that the Crusades were declared. When the Holy Land was retaken from the Saracens, it was granted to the Byzantine Empire as they had the most rightful claim to the land. Thus The Byzantine Empire remained a powerhouse in the Mediterranean and never suffered the massive losses from the Fourth Crusade, which eventually would lead to its destruction not too far in the future.

There were many important figures from our timeline that had been replaced and many changes within the Holy Roman Empire. For example, in its current state, the Kingdom of Italy and its monarch reigned supreme. The Kingdom of Germany had become a secondary state within the Empire and was on the verge of civil war as the various feudal powers contended for the throne.

These were just two of the many changes to the timeline. There had been far more than Berengar could count off of the top of his head. If he truly wanted to know the major differences in the timeline, and the power structure of the world he would have to thoroughly research it in his spare time.

With all these conflicts in his two sets of memories, Julian, or Berengar as he was now known, was beginning to get a headache and rubbed his temples with his fingers. Henrietta, who mistook this action as a sign of illness, immediately stopped her prayer and left the room, saying only one phrase as she rushed out the door. Her fine noble dress fluttering in her escape.

"I'll go get the physician!"

Berengar shuddered as he heard the sentence; from what he knew of Medieval medicine, he was more likely to be harmed by the treatment than cured from what ailed him. However, his throat was dreadfully dry, and he found himself unable to stop his little sister as she fled the scene. Leaving Berengar alone with nothing but his thoughts and an ever-increasing headache...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2: Life as a Barons Heir
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Henrietta re-appeared with the court physician not long after she had left. Though she wore an expression that showed a great deal of concern, the physician did not share her empathy. Berengar sat upright in bed, having a difficult time speaking due to how dry his throat was. Evidently, this body had sweat out most of its excess liquid while undergoing a fever. Few thought he would survive the night.

The Physician carefully examined Berengar and was shocked to see that the young man had recovered from the fever, as there was little hope for his survival previously. Despite being a medieval physician and having virtually no knowledge of practical medicine whatsoever, the man named Ewald showed a degree of competency after making his announcement.

"No need to worry, Lady Henrietta, your brother's fever has broken, and aside from being particularly parched, he is completely healthy."

After saying that, Ewald handed Berengar a glass of water and allowed the young man to drink his fill until his thirst was thoroughly quenched. After finishing the glass and wiping his mouth with his sleeve, Berengar nodded at the physician and thanked him for his service.

"Thanks, Ewald; I can always count on you in my time of need."

Internally Berengar's words were insincere; however, if two lives have taught him anything, it is that it was not wise to voice your condescension aloud. Thus he acted in a civil manner befitting of a Baron's heir.

After hearing that her brother was healthy for the first time in a long time, Henrietta smiled ecstatically; this was wondrous news to her. Berengar had always been prone to illness; He was born with a weak constitution and a frail body. Something in which the sedentary lifestyle of a medieval noble only exacerbated.

His next words startled her as it was a question that was out of her expectations for her big brother.

"Dear sister, do you mind fetching the servants and instructing them to get the bath ready. I feel as if cleansing the grime from my body would be good for my health."

The physician snorted at Berengar's claims. Though baths were not uncommon for nobles, they certainly weren't as frequent of an occurrence as the modern world. Despite the physician's reaction, Berengar insisted on his request to his sister.

Henrietta smiled as she responded to Berengar, "of course, dear brother, I will go and instruct them this second"

with that said, she had once more left the large stone room that belonged to Berengar and went to do as he had requested. The physician seeing that he was no longer needed, excused himself

"I shall go and inform your father the Baron that you have recovered..."

Berengar nodded once more as he wore an indifferent expression

"You do that."

with that having been said, Ewald left Berengar to his lonesome. Berengar sighed deeply, looking down and sniffing his clothes that reeked of sweat and filth. After grimacing from the stench, he sighed deeply

"When I inherit the title, there will be some serious changes around here..."

He had made up his mind that his first order of business when he came to power would be instituting laws across the Barony about basic hygiene, maybe even construct some public bathhouses like the Romans used to have. Whatever was necessary to bring a degree of cleanliness to the people of his territory.

After getting out of bed and stretching his limbs for a while, he heard a knock on the door, which came from one of the family's servants.

"Milord, the bath is ready."

He quickly opened the door with an over-excited smile on his face, which startled the servant.

"Lead the way."

The servant recovered from their shock and nodded as she did as the Baron's son requested. After a short walk down the hall, Berengar reached the bathroom, where he quickly barred the doors and stripped his clothes.

He carefully examined his frail body with a sense of dissatisfaction, though not quite emaciated; there was no doubt that his bones were weak and his muscles undeveloped. He would certainly need to change his dietary habits to one rich in protein and calcium. Until he could succeed his father and implement the changes that were already brewing in his head, he must first focus on building his body up and maintaining his health.

Washing away the sweat and filth that had accumulated on his body throughout his fever was a good first step. As such, he dipped his toe into the wooden bathtub to gauge its temperature before plunging his body in completely.

After getting into the tub, Berengar stared at his reflection in the pool of water. He had short golden blonde hair and glistening eyes the color of the sapphire gemstone. His facial features were regal and handsome. His skin was a milky white, something that accentuated his regal demeanor. If he had not been such a sack of skin and bones, he would have come across as very princely. Though he may have reincarnated into a weak body, he did not care too much, considering he was very handsome. The body could be refined like steel, but the appearance was set in stone.

After spending nearly thirty minutes in the bath washing away both the filth on his body and the mental stress that had accumulated due to the transmigration, he finally stepped out of the tub. He found a set of 15th-century nobleman's attire prepared for him. It was properly cleaned, which was the most redeeming quality of the clothing.

After donning the attire, he shifted his attention to his short golden hair. Though he was no hairdresser, at the very least, he could use some of the greasy residue left on the tub to slick his hair back. He would seriously need to invent pomade to get his hair the way he liked it. After styling his hair, he left the bathroom and saw that a servant was waiting for him.

"Milord, the Baron and Baroness are awaiting you in the dining hall..."

Berengar nodded with a stoic expression

"Lead the way."

the servant bowed concerning his request

"Yes, milord"

After traversing the castle for quite some time, Berengar arrived at the Dining Hall where he saw his family was sitting, patiently awaiting his arrival. He quickly took his seat and noticed the meal on the table with various food to choose from. Despite being a lower noble house, the family was still wealthy enough to afford a plethora of food daily.

After saying grace, Berengar quickly allotted steamed fish, baked chicken, a variety of nuts, and leafy greens, as well as a large glass of milk to his meal. He did not even make eye contact with his family as he filled his plate to the brim. He was famished and felt the desire to dig in right away.

His family gazed upon him with various expressions that he overlooked right away; it was not until he lifted his gaze from his plate that he saw their looks of concern. Berengar had already cut a piece of fish and was about to stuff it into his mouth when he saw their gazes. Feeling the awkwardness of the situation, he could not help but inquire.

"What is it?"

Sieghard was a tall and robust man with regal facial features, he had short blonde hair, a matching beard, and sky blue eyes. He was also Berengar's father and the Baron of Kufstein. He gazed at his son with astonishment; until now, the young man who was his heir had been a vegetarian. Yet half of his plate was filled with fish and poultry. When asked by his son why he was surprised, he felt the answer was obvious, and as such, he made a gesture towards Berengar's plate.

Berengar had a perplexed expression spread across his face; after all, he had not fully adjusted to the memories of this body yet.

"Am I not allowed to eat this?"

His mother, Gisela, a blonde-haired, busty beauty, looked at him with her glistening sapphire eyes in an equally perplexed manner.

"You're eating meat?"

suddenly Berengar understood the meaning behind their confused expressions as he remembered that he was a vegetarian. He was starting to understand why this body he had inherited was in such poor shape.

Berengar smiled at his beautiful mother and nodded

"I've decided to make some changes in my lifestyle. Starting today, I will eat meat and get some much-needed exercise. I can't go on living life as a vegetarian wastrel!"

A large smile spread across Sieghard's lips as he heard his son's proclamation; for too long, the boy had used his health as an excuse to be idle; it was good that he was finally growing up. He then took his fork and placed a large slab of beef on Berengar's plate.

"Then eat up; you will need a full stomach."

Berengar smiled and began to feast upon the well-prepared meal. Though sooner or later, he would have to discuss basic hygiene with the kitchen staff. For now, he would devour this meal with no complaints.

His younger brother Lambert shared the same physical characteristics as the rest of his family. However, there was a discernable hint of malice in his ocean blue eyes as his gaze set upon Berengar. Though Berengar was unaware of what he had done to upset the youth, he took note of such a gaze and vowed to be cautious around his brother in the future.

After finishing his meal, Berengar left the dining room in a hurry; he wanted to begin his exercise regimen as quickly as possible. If he worked, diligently he could change this frail body of his into that of a soldier's within a year or less. Something he intended to get out of the way as quickly as possible.

As Berengar went for a run along the castle walls, he was completely unaware of the malicious gaze set upon him from inside one of the tower spires. The gaze belonged to none other than Lambert, who bit his lip as he quietly muttered under his breath.

"How are you still alive?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3: Introducing New Technology
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar continued his exercise routine for some time, taking small breaks to recover when he felt his heart rate rising too high. With a complete and total lack of modern exercise equipment, the tall yet dreadfully skinny young man was forced to exercise the old-fashioned way. This exercise regimen was modeled after the U.S. Army's PT standards. Albeit scaled down to a capacity in which his frail body and weak heart could handle.

As he continued to persevere through a task that was incredibly difficult for the feeble body he currently inhabited; Berengar vowed that when he was able, he would draft blueprints for free weights, kettlebells, and a bench press, which he would deliver to the town's smith and inquire about the feasibility of crafting such items. After all, the technological prowess of this civilization was far from what he would consider being advanced.

Lambert gazed upon his sickly older brother struggle to improve himself from a tower above the Castle's courtyard. A frown was spread across his face as his wicked eyes glared menacingly at sight. This sudden desire for self-improvement did not bode well for his plans. His anger only outmatched his disbelief.

After all, Berengar should be dead, the poison that Lambert had used was effective enough to kill a warhorse, yet somehow Berengar was still standing, healthier than ever. All his scheming had gone to waste. The debts he had acquired to assassinate his elder brother remained unpaid, and if he could not become the heir to his father's title, he would be unable to repay them, which did not bode well for his future.

However, if he were to attempt to use poison again, it would undoubtedly draw the suspicion of others, something he wished to avoid. If Lambert were to succeed his father and achieve his aspirations, he would need to devise a new assassination plot.

...

An hour had passed, and Berengar was no longer capable of exercising. His first order of business was to bathe again and get rid of the sweat and grime accumulated over his body during his workout. The servants were perplexed as to why he desired to bathe twice in one day but followed his orders.

After cleansing himself once more, Berengar returned to his room, where he sat at his desk, took out a piece of parchment, and began to design blueprints for several of the early innovations he intended to make to the industry.

Though Berengar held limited authority within his father's land, he figured at the very least he could negotiate with his father about the implementation of such technology. If his father asked where he found such blueprints, he could simply say he acquired it from a trader from the far east. After all, similar technologies should exist in China during this time period. The earlier the Barony could mass-produce steel, the better it was for his plans.

The Barony of Kufstein was set in the Duchy of Austria. Mountains surrounded it, and a large tributary of the Danube river flowed through it, creating fertile valleys. It was exactly because of its geographic layout that the von Kufsteins could maintain their control over the resource-rich region. If not for the natural defensive barrier that surrounded the valley where the people dwelled, then more powerful families within the Empire would surely attempt to seize the region for themselves.

After some time, Berengar had finished the blueprints for one of the most important inventions in steel production. Without it, the Industrial Revolution in his previous life's timeline would have never transpired. It was known in his previous life as the "Bessemer Converter" or the "Bessemer Process." Through this process, one could manufacture 3-5 tons of steel in a matter of 20 minutes.

The Bessemer process essentially functioned by removing impurities in the iron by oxidation. It utilized airflow through the molten material to achieve this. If one lined the interior of the converter with dolomite or limestone, they could produce a greater amount of slag as the byproduct, which could be used as a cheap phosphate fertilizer. Thus this technology aided in not only industrialization but also agriculture.

All of the machine components could be manufactured by a late medieval society, and either horse or waterwheel could power it. Obviously, as technology advanced, he could improve it to be powered by steam engines. However, that was a distant dream; he needed an early model built for now. High-quality steel was currently a rare commodity; with the introduction of the Bessemer process, he could achieve many things with it, the uses for high-quality steel were endless.

Ultimately Berengar would require a Blast Furnace to convert iron ore into pig iron which was then converted into steel by the Bessemer process. Though in this day and age, the Blast Furnace should already be invented. He was certain a resource-rich region like Kufstein would already have one in its local town. If they didn't, he would simply convince his father to build one alongside the Bessemer Converter. He developed a second set of blueprints for the Blast Furnace just in case there was not already one present in Kufstein.

After finishing his blueprints and letting them dry, Berengar picked up the pieces of parchment and carefully held onto them as he approached his father's study. The sun was just beginning to set as he knocked on the sturdy oak doors. Shortly afterward, he could hear the deep voice of his father's reply.

"Come in"

Berengar took a deep breath and exhaled before entering his father's study. Inside the room was a large desk where his father sat behind, going over paperwork. A small library within the room covered the walls, mostly filled with books of direct importance to managing the realm's affairs.

A small oil lamp was lit and sat on the desk, illuminating the increasingly dim room, and more importantly, the parchment on which the Baron was writing upon. Sieghard did not even shift his glance to his son as he focused entirely on his paperwork.

"This better be important..."

Berengar cleared his throat and presented the documents to his father, which he had spent most of the afternoon drafting.

"I'd like you to take a look at these. It is of dire importance to the production of steel within our realm."

Sieghard paused as he heard his son's request and placed his quill down upon the desk. He looked at his son with an interrogating gaze as if questioning whether his time would be wasted by looking over the documents. Nevertheless, he grabbed ahold of them and looked them over once or twice before placing them down and sighing.

"What exactly am I looking at here?"

Sieghard may have been an efficient statesman and a renowned warrior, but he did not mind engineering. As such, he needed an explanation for the blueprints.

Berengar gulped down the saliva which had accumulated in his mouth and began to preach to his father about the beauty of this new invention.

"Father, with this device, we will be capable of producing vast amounts of high-quality steel in a short period of 20 minutes. Not only that, but the byproduct of this device will be able to act as an efficient fertilizer to increase agricultural production."

A look of shock appeared across Sieghard's face as he went over the blueprints one more time. Though he did not fully understand what he was looking at, the prospects in which Berengar boasted about were simply too good to ignore. However, a sudden question appeared in his mind as he voiced his concern.

"Where did you acquire this?"

Berengar was expecting such a question, and as such, spun a large tale of how he encountered some traveling merchant from the far east, who had traded the blueprints with Berengar for a small fee. Though his father was skeptical of this claim, he had heard the stories of how advanced the far eastern countries were and thus decided to act upon Berengar's request.

"Alright, tomorrow I will summon the best engineer in the region; if he can confirm that this technology is legitimate, then I will implement it as quickly as I am able."

Berengar smiled and bowed to his father respectfully; truthfully, this had gone better than he had thought.

"Thank you for listening to my request, father."

With that said, Sieghard picked up his pen and returned to his paperwork

"If that is all, then you are dismissed."

Berengar bowed once more to the proud Baron before departing from his room with a large grin spread across his face. The introduction of the Bessemer process and the Blast Furnace were just the first phases of his plans for modernization. His next goal would be to implement the four-field system and basic irrigation. Something which he would not be able to explain by trading with merchants. Thus, he would have to take time to visit the fields and converse with the peasantry.

Yet those were his plans for the near future; for now, he intended to rest, his body was aching from the intense exercise he had forced himself through this morning, and it would not get any easier going forward. After stopping by the kitchen for a brief snack, Berengar went back to his room to rest. Before he knew it, he had actually drifted deep into sleep, dreaming about his past and current life and the events that unfolded.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4: A New Day
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The light of dawn shone down through the windows of the Castle's living quarters and onto Berengar's face. The moment the rays of the sunlight touched his face, he had awoken from his slumber. Sitting up while rubbing his shoulders, he yawned heavily, still tired from the previous day's workout. In fact, most of his body was sore. Nevertheless, that did not deter him from what he needed to do.

Berengar quickly got dressed into some simple loose-fitting clothes and began his daily exercise, which lasted for well over an hour. He was covered in sweat by the time he returned to the castle, and his entire muscular structure was aching. Only after bathing for half an hour did he feel comfortable enough to begin today's work.

His new attitude had shocked not only his family but also the servants of the Castle. Waking up early, exercising, eating meat, and taking an interest in the realm's affairs were all things that Berengar had rarely participated in. After his fever broke, he had become an entirely new person in the eyes of those who knew him.

This perception might not be entirely false, considering there were two sets of memories contained within Berengar's mind. Though he was unsure if he was still the same person he was before who had simply been enlightened by the memories and knowledge that Julian possessed, or if he was actually Julian inhabiting Berengar's body.

None of that truly mattered; after all, as he was concerned, his identity was that of Berengar von Kufstein, and he now had the potential to change his family's land into an industrial empire with the memories he gained from his near-death experience. Though it would take a large degree of time and effort to achieve, he was now convinced that it was his destiny to lead the Barony of Kufstein into the industrial age.

Truthfully as heir, he held little authority in the domain and could not keep lying to his father about where he came across such unique inventions; after all, the stubborn old man had not trusted his word and elected to search for an engineer who could verify the functionality of the designs. The man he was searching for had not arrived yet. Thus all Berengar could do was educate himself further on the matters of the realm.

The young lord had elected to have his meal within the confines of the Castle's library, where he went over important information regarding the history of the Barony's finances. He was quickly dismayed by his findings. Despite being such a resource-rich region, the Barons of the von Kufstein family had failed to capitalize on it. He quietly shook his head as he closed the ledger and thought to himself.

'This is what happens when you leave a house of warriors to act as all-powerful administrators over a plot of land that is nearly 375 square miles in size and contains nearly 20,000 people.

He knew that they were limited to medieval technology, but despite being a region notable for its iron reserves, they had barely invested in the mining of such a valuable resource. What little that was mined had been sold as ores to large cities throughout the kingdom. There were far better uses for such materials.

The economy largely relied on subsistence agriculture; it was well and truly a backward feudal state. Even the nearby town was nothing more than an agricultural village with no substantial industry whatsoever. He was beginning to get a headache reading about how primitive his family's lands were.

Just when he was about to curse aloud, he noticed his little sister Henrietta hiding behind one of the bookcases while staring at him from afar. He nearly let out a chuckle as he spotted the girl eying him like a scared rabbit. Evidently, the changes in her older brother's behavior these past few days were frightening to the young girl. She was beginning to think he had been possessed.

Taking a sip from his glass of water, Berengar never shifted his attention from the ledgers he was reading. When the young girl thought she was safe from being noticed, he let out a sigh

"Henrietta, I know you're there..."

The young girl flinched upon hearing his words. She had been spotted by her older brother or the demon who had potentially taken his place. Thus she panicked and scrambled out of the library without saying a word. Berengar chuckled to himself as he saw the girl fleeing the scene; he could only guess what had compelled her to engage in this behavior. Nevertheless, now was not the time to concern himself with the trivial matters of children.

He spent much of the day in the library studying everything from the realm's financial affairs, agricultural and mining output, as well as powers of the region. As a low-ranking member of the nobility, there were powerful lords who ruled over his father. The von Kufsteins were direct vessels to the von Habsburgs who were the rulers of the Duchy of Austria, and the County of Tyrol.

Evidently, his younger brother Lambert was engaged to one of the daughters from a branch of the Von Habsburg family, which was considered a great honor for the house of von Kufstein. Interestingly enough, despite being the older brother and a fully grown man Berengar remained unmarried and unbetrothed. Largely due to concerns over his health and whether or not he'd live long enough to father a child.

Berengar didn't mind such a fate; after all, in his previous life, he was a man who had completely and utterly failed to get a girlfriend well into his late twenties. Unless he made himself something of worth, he would fail to acquire a bride in this lifetime too. Though he was not concerned with such a possibility, his search for a bride would become much easier when he finally put on some muscle. By appearance alone, he was positive he could snag a beautiful bride, even if she was nothing but a commoner.

Although, he highly doubted his family would consent over such a union. After all, this was still the feudal age, and nobility did not marry commoners. Berengar set such matters aside for the time being. If he was to choose his own match, he would first need authority and physicality to back up his claims that he was now healthy. Both of which were a long way away from where he currently stood.

After spending the better half of the day going over the Realm's affairs, he noticed that the sun had already set and thus decided now would be a good time to inquire about his father's findings on his designs. Surely he must have inquired to an engineer already. There should be at least one of them serving his father.

The young lord placed the books back in their rightful places and left the library, walking down the castle's corridors until he reached the door to his father's study. Before he could even knock on it, he could overhear an unpleasant conversation between three men—one of which he recognized to be his father.

"I don't care what fancy background Ser Ingbert has; I have been in the field of engineering for over thirty years, and I say the designs are brilliant! They will function exactly as your son has described my liege!"

A scoff followed the Old Man's claim, followed by what sounded like a much younger voice "Sire, do not listen to this crotchety old man, he's a commoner. He does not have the education in which I have received. I assure you, these designs are nothing more than scribbles from a child who thinks he knows a thing or two about engineering."

Berengar could already tell by that one statement that the man who had said such a thing about the Bessemer converter was a moron relying on a lofty background to obtain his position. Ultimately his father did not disappoint him; after hearing both of his engineers discuss the designs let out a long sigh before asserting his authority.

"Ser Ingbert, you may leave us now. I have much to discuss with my head Engineer" Though Alex could not see it, he could guess the expression on the fool's face right now and smiled with satisfaction. Suddenly, the door swung open, and he was face to face with the man known as Ser Ingbert.

The man was in his late twenties and had light brown hair in the form of a ponytail with green eyes. He dressed in an overly embellished doublet signaling the wealth he possessed. He was exactly the kind of pampered twat Berengar had expected to see. After examing the ring on his finger, which displayed a boar's head engraved upon it, Berengar could guess the identity of the man before him.

The man's name was Ingbert Heltzer, and he was the son of one of Sieghard's knights. Just as Berengar had a guess, the man had achieved his position as one of his father's engineers solely because of his background. Even by this world's standards, Inberbert's knowledge of engineering was a joke. A pampered noble like him had no need to pay attention to his studies well enough to become competent in such a field.

After seeing the young man, he had just passively slandered, Ingbert's face turned sour. The last thing he wanted was to see the Baron's son standing outside the door, overhearing his discourteous remarks. Nevertheless, the damage had been done, and Berengar merely gazed upon Ingbert like he was looking at a fool.

After Ingbert stormed off in a fit of rage, Berengar overheard his father's authoritative voice from behind the door.

"You may enter."

Evidently, the old Baron had been aware of his son's existence outside the study's door the entire time. Now that Berengar had entered the study, he found himself being gazed at intensely by his father and an old man within his late fifties who he understood to be the head engineer of the Barony.

With these two authorities staring him down, Berengar could not help but feel nervous as if he was about to be scolded...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5: a Prosperous Friendship is Born
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar stood firmly in front of his father and the head engineer. The two stared at him intensely; their shape gaze could practically penetrate Berengar's soul. Especially the shrewd eyes of the old engineer. It was as if his secret had been revealed by being inspected by those old discerning eyes.

Finally, the tension was eased as a smile broke across the old Engineer's face as he bowed respectfully to Berengar.

"Milord, I am Ludwig, a humble servant of your family. Your father asked me here to verify the authenticity of these blueprints."

Berengar nodded at Ludwig with a dignified visage

"It is a pleasure to make your acquiantence, Ludwig. I have a feeling we will see a lot of each other very soon."

though the message was cryptic, Ludwig took the statement as proof of his theory that the designs presented to him by the Baron were not from a merchant from the far east but rather drafted by the idle and infirm heir who was almost universally scorned throughout the court. It would appear the boy was more clever than he had initially estimated.

Nevertheless, the sly old man did not let his inner thoughts appear upon his face, and instead, he merely graciously returned the young Lord's words to him.

"Likewise"

Seeing that his son and Ludwig had become acquainted, Sieghard smiled; he had a feeling working with the stubborn old engineer would be of great benefit to Berengar's development. Completely unaware that his son was the true designer of those blueprints. Sieghard decided he would allow the two of them to converse for some time without his presence. He found the subject of engineering to be dreadfully boring and usually just left such matters up to Ludwig to implement as he saw fit.

"I'm quite busy with managing the realm; I suggest you answer Ludwig's questions to the best of your abilities."

Berengar nodded as he replied

"Yes, father"

Afterward, Sieghard led the two men out of the study and secluded himself inside. Once sitting at his desk, he opened a compartment and took out a wineskin, and began to engage in the age-old tradition of drinking your stress away. After dealing with that fool Ingbert, he needed it.

Outside the closed door of the study, Berengar found himself alone with Ludwig; as such, he suggested they find a better place to discuss the important matters before them.

"How about we go to the library? I will have some servants fetch us some food and wine; I promise to answer all the questions you have to the best of my ability."

Ludwig nodded his head in approval of Berengar's suggestion. The boy proved to be more thoughtful than he had given him credit for; he looked forward to inquire about the true origins of those designs.

After reaching the library and secluding themselves within, they partook of food and wine and discussed trivial matters for the first half-hour. Only after they were sufficiently buzzed did Ludwig ask about his most pressing concern.

"So tell me the truth, kid, where did those designs really come from?"

Berengar chuckled at the old man's question; he had suspected that the old man had guessed the true nature of the origin of the blueprints.

"I made them..."

A serious expression appeared on Ludwig's face, as Berengar had suspected; the old man was not the least bit surprised to hear it, nor did he find the idea preposterous. However, what came from Berengar's lips next truly astounded him.

"Though I surmise you already knew that..."

Cunning... that was the only word Ludwig could use to describe Berengar at this moment. Was this truly the weak and petty heir everyone had known? Had the boy been hiding his real intelligence all along?

After taking a long sip from his wine, the old engineer inquired further

"Do you have any more brilliant designs?"

Berengar tapped the lip of the chalice thrice and tilted his head to the side as he appeared to enter deep thought. After a moment had gone by, he responded honestly to Ludwig.

"A few..."

Ludwig nearly jumped out of his chair in excitement upon hearing the news, there was only one thing the old man truly enjoyed in life, and that was engineering. To think that the boy he and many others had cast aside believing him to be a weak and petty person was actually so brilliant.

However, before he could get out of his chair, Berengar raised his hand, signaling him to stop.

"I will give you the designs to implement in the future when they're necessary. For now, we should focus on building the blast furnace and the Bessemer converter."

Ludwig was perplexed for a moment as to Berengar's thinking before he realized the greatest concern. New designs were great in theory, but investing in them required significant financial support. Something in which the Barony of Kufstein completely lacked at the moment. After calming down his heart, he sat back in his seat and put his hands together.

"So, I assume you have a plan?"

Berengar took a sip from his chalice once more before a grin spread across his lips as he answered Ludwig's question with one of his own.

"How much do you think five tons of pure steel ingots are worth?"

Though he could not do that calculation off the top of his head, he knew it would be no small amount. One could even call it a small fortune. But that was just at first; the more steel they produced, the less valuable it would be over time. However, as his thoughts came to such a conclusion, he instantly knew what Berengar's intent was.

"You want to sell the first batch and use the profits to invest in mining?"

The smile on Berengar's lips continued to curl. Further, his assumptions about the man known as Ludwig were correct. Despite being born a commoner, the man had a quick mind and a lifetime of experience in the related fields to what Berengar wished to accomplish. He would be a valuable ally to have in the future.

"Precisely, once our mines are operating at full capacity, the raw materials that come out of the mountains will be used primarily for our own industrial purposes. Any surplus we may have will be turned into ingots and sold to the Empire for profit."

Ludwig could not believe his ears; iron in and of itself was a valuable and rare commodity that most regions were constantly in need of; steel was much more difficult to produce and was mostly used to craft weapons such as swords or in rare cases armor for the nobility. He could not imagine having a surplus of steel, especially after taking into account their own needs.

Nevertheless, Berengar's ambitions were truly great; he intended to use his family's resource-rich territory to spring his sphere of influence into an industrial age. All while making a profit from the scraps left behind by selling them at great cost to the Kingdom. It would take years, but he was positive he would see such an era in his lifetime and still have enough time to enjoy it.

Though he did not reveal the entirety of his plans to Ludwig, as Berengar knew without seeing it for himself, the old man would never be able to dream of a world of industry. Instead, he reached out his arm in a friendly gesture to the old engineer and asked the question on his mind.

"Will you help me bring this Barony into a new age of industry?"

Ludwig could hardly believe his ears; the petty and weak lord he had always heard rumors about was asking a commoner like himself for help in creating a steel production industry within his family's land. Even though the boy's father valued Ludwig's opinion, the old man was still looked down upon for being a mere commoner.

Yet here, Berengar stood with his hand extended, asking, not ordering him to help him in his endeavors. The old man could not help but feel a small tear welling in his right eye. If only everyone knew how wrong they were about this young Lord. As such, he grasped ahold of Berengar's hand and shook it firmly.

"Aye, I could do that."

With that, a prosperous friendship would be born between a young lord and an old engineer. A duo that together would bring many innovations in the following months, which would yield great prosperity and stability to an otherwise impoverished Barony within a Kingdom filled with turmoil.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6: A Seemingly Civil Discussion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Within a fertile valley, surrounded by the Alps mountains, lies the inhabited region of the Barony of Kufstein. A large tributary for the Danube river flowed through the valley, the crisp blue water providing life to all beings within the region. As the light of dawn shown upon the harmonious territory, the rooster's cries awoken the peasant class to the beginning of a long day of hard work.

Though the nobility tended to sleep longer than the common folk in which they presided over, one young lord had risen simultaneously as the peasants to get in his morning exercise. If Berengar wished to overcome his natural infirmity, then he would have to work twice as hard as the average knight in terms of physical fitness, and so he did.

The night prior, he had already discussed with Ludwig to construct a set of free weights and kettlebells to assist in his daily training. Ludwig was well respected within the local town and had contacts in every trade. Thus he did his new friend a favor and sent the designs to the local blacksmith who would craft the exercise equipment at a fair price in which Ludwig was in charge of negotiating.

Though the equipment had not been constructed yet, as the technology of this feudal world was still far from developed, it would only be a matter of time before Berengar could enhance his strength training further. Nevertheless, he still did all that he could manage with his limited resources.

After another morning of hard training, Berengar found himself bathing again; his bathing habits were starting to provoke the servants' curiosity within the Castle. He would bathe once in the morning after his exercise and once before going to sleep at night. He tried to persuade his family to adopt the practice, but they were stubborn people set in their old traditions. Though they would bathe relatively frequently for the time period, they still could not match Berengar's borderline germophobic tendencies.

Nevertheless, he had commanded the entirety of the staff to wash their hands every time they used the restroom or engaged in any activity which might dirty one's hands. He became known for especially scolding the cooking staff when he found their cleaning habits had not matched his desires. Though the Baron did not chastise Berengar for his behavior, he became concerned about the boy's newfound habits.

Henrietta was the only exception in the family; being the obedient little sister, she took up all of Berengar's hygiene suggestions. She had even begun bathing right before she slept. This made Berengar exceptionally happy, as the likelihood of his little sister catching serious illness was significantly lower if she practiced proper hygiene.

The more he thought about it, the more he knew he would have to construct public baths. It would take quite some time on his path of industrialization for the entirety of the populace within his family's domain to be able to afford a private bath. Truly the ancient Romans were far ahead of the medieval period when it came to things like cleanliness.

After completing his first bath for the day, Berengar styled his hair to the best of his ability; he currently lacked the means to acquire pomade, which in his previous life he had made extensive use of to slick back his hair. He found it to be a dignified appearance, fitting an officer in the military and even better suited to a young lord. For now, he merely made it into a side part with his brush. The next time he visited the town, he would be sure to buy some lard which was the main ingredient for the construction of pomade.

After styling his hair and dressing in a fashionable outfit currently in style, he set forth to the Dining Hall. Truthfully he preferred the fashion of the 16th century, especially that of the Tudors in England. He would be sure to implement such culture in due time; for now, he would endure the dress of an early 15th-century German nobleman.

After entering the Dining Hall, he noticed his family was all seated waiting for him; this had become a recent custom as Berengar usually spent quite some time enjoying the bath, a considerable time for a man with memories from 21st century America. Nevertheless, in this filthy era, he never felt more comfortable than when he was bathing.

After sitting down at the table and saying grace, he noticed that Lambert eyed him with malicious intent once more. It was subtle, and if not for two lifetimes' worth of experience, Berengar would not be privy to such a gaze. Yet it was all too frequent of behavior for Lambert. He would speak gracefully with a smile on his face, all while having eyes filled with hatred and murderous intent.

Berengar was starting to suspect that the frequency of his illness had something to do with Lambert. It was not uncommon for siblings to assassinate one another for the inheritance in a time like this. The more he examined Lambert's behavior, the more he began to question his motives.

Unfortunately for Berengar, he had been isolated from the court and had no real friends among the nobility. Rather, they were all in Lambert's corner. After all, until recently, Lambert had always been the shining star of the von Kufstein family; he was talented with the sword, relatively intelligent, and highly charismatic. Lambert even managed to win the heart of the Count of Tyrol's eldest daughter and convince her father to approve of their engagement.

Berengar could think of half a dozen nobles within the County of Tyrol who would side with Lambert if he requested their help in the assassination of his older brother. The more he thought about it, the more Berengar knew he would have to be careful in the future. He decided to spend some of his time establishing ties with the nobility of the region.

However, his primary focus was winning the hearts of the people. He was confident that with his plans to advance agriculture and industry, the people would never want to see him replaced as their sovereign. While the nobles looked down upon the common folk as if they were mere slaves incapable of rising against their masters. Berengar had the memories of Julian, and the history of Julian's timeline proved that the wrath of the common folk is something all Tyrants should fear. With the military innovations he would bring with his rise to power, the era of knights would become a thing of the past.

Henrietta stared at Berengar with a hint of caution in her beautiful azure eyes. She was well aware her beloved older brother was acting strangely ever since his fever broke. She had even pondered the feasibility of possession, though he never acted malignantly; the sudden change in his personality had shocked her. Yet despite all of this, she still obeyed his every suggestion. If she were aware of Lambert's attempt on Berengar's life, she might murder the poor boy in his sleep. Luckily for the family, his treachery had not been revealed, nor was anyone but Berengar suspicious of Lambert's behavior.

As the family ate, Sieghard broke the silence; curious about Berengar's conversation with Ludwig the night prior; he decided to inquire about it.

"So Berengar, my boy, how did your discussion with Ludwig go last night?"

Berengar gracefully ate the grilled fish before him; after wiping his mouth with his napkin, he looked over at his father with a dignified expression as he recounted the events of the night prior.

"Rest assure, father, the project will break ground as soon as possible. Ludwig needs to gather the necessary labor to complete the task. I fully trust in his abilities."

Sieghard sighed in relief before a satisfied expression spread across his visage. He was relieved that his son's sudden change in behavior was not just a whim and was excited about the prospects of this new technology. The news aggrieved only one person within the room, and that was Lambert. The cunning youth quickly put on a mask of innocent confusion as he investigated the details.

"Project? What project? Is something wonderful happening?"

Everyone at the table had bought into the innocent facade of the scheming youth. Everyone except Berengar, that is, in his past life, had been cheated by too many frauds and had developed a sixth sense for detecting such falsehoods over time. Though Lambert was a good actor, it was not enough to trick Berengar's discerning eye. This boy, who was not even sixteen, was truly devious.

Sieghard was happy that his second son was also interested in the realm's affairs and was more than happy to share the plan to construct the improved blast furnace and the Bessemer converter.

"My son, your elder brother, had brought to my attention some interesting plans for developing the steel industry within our realm. With this new technology, we will be able to develop steel far more efficiently!"

A look of pride was on Sieghard's face as he revealed the plan Berengar had come up with without a hint of discretion. Though lambert smiled at the news, he was internally furious.

'Just where did Berengar come up with such technology? Why was I not informed of this? Damn it; I have serious plans for the iron ore within my mountains!'

These were just a few of the thoughts that had crossed the youth's mind as he stared down his elder brother, who had always been so foolhardy. Though what he did not expect was that Berengar returned his stare with narrowed eyes. The gaze was cold; though not murderous, it had a hint of savagery within it. The eyes of a man who was aware he had been plotted against and would surely return the favor at the first opportunity.

The sight of which frightened Lambert terribly, these were not the eyes of the carefree and naive older brother he had grown up with. However, before he could investigate further, Berengar had finished his meal and stood up from the table; after wiping his mouth with his napkin, Berengar shifted his gaze from Lambert and put on an equally convincing facade to their father.

"Father, may I be excused? I have urgent business to attend to with Ludwig."

A gracious smile spread across Sieghard's face as he had no idea of the rivalry that was brewing between his two sons.

"Of course, my son, go. I wish you the best of luck with this endeavor."

Berengar bowed before leaving the dining room, leaving Lambert and the family with various expressions. Lambert's right hand, which wielded the dining knife, began to tremble as his mind could not unsee the narrowed eyes of Berengar, which appeared to have seen past his facade and peered deep into his soul. The trembling of his hand did not go unnoticed by the family as his mother, Gisela, spoke up with a hint of concern on her face.

"Lambert, your hand is shaking. Are you alright?"

Lambert looked down at his hand and noticed it trembling for the first time; as he examined it, the cold sapphire eyes of Berengar once more entered his vision, and his hand instinctively dropped the knife. As he grabbed ahold of his hand to steady himself, he spoke up to assure his family.

"I'm fine; I'm just feeling a little under the weather, is all. If you would excuse me, I think I'm going to go lie down for a bit."

After being excused by his family, Lambert gracefully left the dining hall, though when he was no longer in sight, he frantically sprinted to his room and latched the door behind him. After entering the large stone room, he collapsed against the door shielding his eyes with his hands muttering under his breath.

"What devil has possessed my brother to make him aware of my schemes?"

The trembling youth could not help but feel like his plot to assassinate his older brother had succeeded and invited a demon into their midst.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7: A Passion for Engineering
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Berengar left the dining room and his family behind before Lambert's outburst, he could not witness the scene of his scheming brother scared to the bone. Instead, he had already headed to his room to draft new blueprints. He felt as if Ludwig could be trusted and willing to take the credit for the inventions if he asked. As such, he spent the next hour drafting plans for a Beehive Oven. Which was the best method currently available for turning Coal into Coke. Something which would prove to be vital in the functioning of the blast furnaces.

After drafting the plans, he quickly left the Castle's gates and entered the town below. The von Kufstein family's Castle sat atop a large hill in the center of the town; it was a well-fortified castle that the family had occupied for generations. They presided over the Barony with absolute authority. They answered only to their Lieges, the von Habsburgs, who ruled not only the County of Tyrol but also the Duchy of Austria.

Though at this point, a cadet branch of the Habsburg family ruled over the County of Tyrol, where Innsbruck was their seat of power. The Count of Tyrol had agreed to Lambert's proposal to marry his eldest daughter. Even Berengar was slightly envious of such a thing. Not only was she a gorgeous young woman who still had time to grow into her natural beauty, but she was also the Count's daughter, a prestige many young noblemen sought after.

Berengar had no idea what schemes Lambert had conspired to achieve such a thing. After all, it was unusual for a Count to marry off one of his daughters to a lower nobleman, let alone the second son of a lowly Baron. Nevertheless, the boy had achieved it; even Berengar had to give him props. Lambert was not even sixteen years old, yet he had conned a Count into pledging his daughter's hand to him.

Meanwhile, Berengar was single, without the slightest prospect of marriage in mind due to his feeble constitution. Though that would change soon enough, and maybe one day he too could marry a Count's daughter. As soon as he thought up of such glamorous ideals, he laughed aloud. What was he thinking? He had far more important matters to attend to. Realistically speaking, the likelihood of him pulling off such a thing would be slim, and he'd rather not bother with the politics of the nobility.

If Berengar could bring prosperity and power to his family's land through the might of industry and agriculture that was good enough for him, he truly did not care for the lavish schemes of the upper nobility. His ambitions stopped at inheriting his birthright and bringing his family's territory to a better age.

With his knowledge of military tactics and advanced weaponry, he would be able to defend his borders from any threat, though conquering other regions was easier said than done, and he had no desire to wage wars for the rest of his life. For now, his ambitions had to wait; he had yet to gain any authority over the Barony of Kufstein, and as such, had to make do with what he was capable of.

After arriving at the door to Ludwig's shop, he could overhear the old man yelling at someone else within; this was not the first time he had overheard Ludwig's temper, and if Berengar was guessing correctly, then the voice in which he was arguing with belonged to Ser Ingbert. Something which Berengar dreaded having to deal with. He was not a fan of pompous fools who overestimated their worth. Especially when the reasoning for their hubris was because of some noble title they inherited from their father. Though Ingbert could not directly offend Berengar, it did not prevent him from acting like a jerk to Ludwig.

As the heated discussion reached a degree of incivility that Berengar could no longer tolerate, he threw open the doors to the shop, making his presence known to all inside. Before the two men could greet him, Berengar barked his commands at Ingbert.

"Out!"

A devilish smirk appeared across Ingbert's face after mistaking Berengar's command as if it were meant for the lowly commoner beside him.

"You heard the Young Lord, leave us!"

Berengar glared at Ingbert coldly, he was a man with good control of his temper, but Ingbert's incapability to read the room thoroughly agitated him.

"I was referring to you!"

The wicked smile on Ingbert's face suddenly turned into a confused expression as he pointed to himself, asking for clarification.

"Me?"

Berengar glared fiercely at Ingbert in silence, as if the young Knight was trying his patience with every second he remained in the room. After a few moments of gawking at Berengar like an idiot, the young Knight finally understood what he had meant and bowed his head respectfully. Though his tone was pleasant, his eyes were furious; he had never been scolded in such a way before; he would remember this humiliation until his dying breath.

After bowing to Berengar, Ingbert left the shop behind where Ludwig was by himself, scratching the back of his head.

"You didn't need to do that..."

Berengar quickly approached the old man and slapped him on the back

"Nonsense, his presence would only hinder our plans. Besides, I have a new set of blueprints for you."

Like a child at the candy store, Ludwig's eyes glowed with excitement; he reached for the blueprints in Berengar's hands but was taken aback when the young lord withdrew his hand out of reach.

"Not so fast! I have one condition..."

Ludwig frowned as he heard the young Lord's words; for a second, he felt as if he were going to be cheated by Berengar, that is until he heard the condition.

"I need you to take credit for its invention."

Ludwig's mouth nearly fell agape as he heard Berengar's words; he had never expected the Baron's son to request him to take the glory for inventing what he knew would most likely be a critical piece in the steel industry.

After careful deliberation, Ludwig agreed; he did not need to know why Berengar shifted the invention into his hands. After all, it probably included some convoluted court schemes with which he wanted nothing to do with. If his fifty-seven years alive had taught him anything, it's that it is best to avoid the affairs of noblemen.

"Alright, that's fine by me."

Berengar smiled, partially because the man agreed to his request but also because he had not inquired why he wanted to shift the invention to Ludwig's name. The man was much more intelligent than a fool like Ingbert would ever be.

After handing over the blueprint to Ludwig, the man could no longer contain his excitement; a huge beaming smile spread across his face. Inside the blueprint was a series of notes about converting coal into coke and how coke was a more efficient fuel source for the blast furnace than charcoal. Luckily for them, the mountains that surrounded the Barony of Kufstein were not just filled with iron but coal as well.

"You are a genius milord!"

Berengar smiled at Ludwig's response. Though he was brilliant in his past life, he was far from what he would consider a genius, but here in this primitive world, he was most likely the most knowledgeable man on the planet. He was glad to see someone appreciated his intellect.

"So, how quickly can you put those three designs into production?"

Ludwig scratched his beard at the question; he too desperately desired to make the blueprints into reality; after careful deliberation, he raised a single finger.

"Give me a month, and I promise you that I will have at least one of each of these designs built within the town!"

Berengar was pleased with the news; it was much quicker than he had anticipated. He was fairly certain by the look on the old man's face that he would run himself ragged building these inventions. Nevertheless, Berengar did not stop him; he only left a few words of encouragement.

"Make sure to take care of yourself; I will drop by every once in a while to check up on your progress. If you need any additional funding, just ask my father about it. I'm sure he will manage to find the funds needed to make this dream of ours a reality. After all, these designs greatly concern the matter of the realm's future finances."

Ludwig grinned and gave a thumbs-up to Berengar; he was happy to have a partner who understood his passion for engineering. Even his own son did not express the same degree of excitement for this project as Berengar did.

"You can count on me, partner!"

With that said, Berengar excused himself from Ludwig's workshop. Now that the initial stage of the industry within his plans had been set on the right path, he would focus on expanding the agricultural capabilities of the Barony for the next month. Truly, a Lord's work is never finished...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8: Four-Field System
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After returning from Ludwig's shop, Berengar spent the rest of his waking hours for the day perfecting agricultural designs. The first improvement he would have to make for the agricultural system of Kufstein would be the four-field System which was instrumental in sustaining a large population.

Currently, the three-field system was in use, which essentially operated as a form of crop rotation that left one field empty or fallow and used the other two fields to grow oats, beans, wheat, and rye. The four-field system was a huge advantage that led to the agricultural and industrial revolutions. If this world were left to its own devices, it would be centuries until they naturally developed such a crucial system.

The four-field system was like it sounded; it had four fields divided into Legumes, Roots, Leafs, and fruit. This allowed for an increase in food production, due to the legumes and roots, the soil would maintain or increase its fertility over time. On top of all of these things, it also allowed for the continued growth of food stock for livestock, allowing them to be bred year-round, as certain roots like turnips and beats were notoriously hardy plants capable of being grown during the winter season.

Berengar intended to fully implement the four-field system within the next month. Especially considering that after a month from now, he will have access to a quality phosphate fertilizer which will only increase the yield of his crops. If all went as planned this year, they would be able to have ample food storage. Within a few years, the Barony of Kufstein might even become the breadbasket of Austria.

After spending time drafting the plans for Agriculture, Berengar noticed that the sun had long since passed, it was late at night now, and it was just about time for him to take a bath and head to bed. After all, he had a lot of work that needed to be done tomorrow. However, just as he was about to ask the servants to prepare a bath for him, Berengar heard a slight knock on his door.

Cautious that it might be another ploy from his brother Lambert, Berengar inquired about the individual's identity before opening his door.

"Who is it?"

The response surprised him; it was a meek and feminine voice, one that still held the high-pitched tone of a child.

"It's me..."

Berengar immediately recognized the voice to belong to his little sister Henrietta, who had only recently turned ten, thus advancing into the very beginning of adolescence. A warm smile spread across his face as Berengar approached the door and opened it. In the doorway stood a little girl dressed in an extravagant pink night gown and holding onto an old ragdoll that had been in her hands since birth. It was her favorite toy and also her best friend.

Though the doll had aged poorly, the dress was of exquisite make, and Berengar immediately questioned how his family could afford such frivolities after having inspected the ledgers. It appeared his father was deeply concerned about appearances and wasted money on luxurious clothing.

Nevertheless, Berengar looked at Henrietta with questionable eyes; it was late at night; she should already be asleep by now. Why was she at his doorway? His paranoia took hold, and he did not leave the room, merely peeking out of the narrowly opened door.

"What's wrong?"

Henrietta held her doll tightly to her chest as a worrisome look spread across her doll-like face.

"I can't sleep. Can you tell me a story?"

Berengar sighed, he had intended to take a bath and then get some sleep, but it appeared his little sister needed him. After all, he was grateful to have a little sister; in his previous life, Berengar or Julian as he was known then was an only child, so he desired to get along with his new siblings. However, Lambert had already made that an impossibility in his case. On the other hand, Henrietta was different; she appeared to have a good relationship with Berengar. As such, he was more than happy to tell her a story.

After walking out of the door, he began to take off in the direction of Henrietta's room. However, he quickly noticed Henrietta had stayed behind in his doorway; confused about her actions, he immediately turned around and asked about it.

"Henrietta, why are you still standing there?"

The young girl stiffened up at her big brother's response and peered down the long corridor with a petrified look on her face.

"The hallways are scary at night..."

After seeing her too scared to move, Berengar backtracked to her location and grabbed ahold of her small hand as he led the little girl to her room. Though he could not see it, the girl smiled as she walked down the hallway hand and hand with her big brother. She concluded then and there that she had been overthinking things. He was still the same kind and caring older brother she had always known.

After arriving at her room, Berengar opened the door and walked the girl to her bed, where he picked her up and tucked her in. For a second, he forgot how frail his body was and struggled dearly to accomplish the deed. After tucking the girl into her bed where she was comfortable, Berengar began to spin the tale of Leonidas and the three hundred Spartans who had protected Greece from a Persian Invasion at Thermopolaye Pass.

Truthfully he did not know if that was historically accurate in this world or not, but it did not matter. It was an interesting story of the heroism and bravery of man regardless of if it were true or not. Only after the girl had fallen asleep did he end his story. Seeing the girl fast asleep, he kissed her on the forehead.

"Sweet dreams, my dear sister."

After parting from her room, he immediately informed the servants to prepare a bath for him. After they had finished, he thoroughly enjoyed it before heading back to his quarters and sleeping himself. The night would go by peacefully, the sun would rise, and the rooster would crow awaking the peasant class, as well as Berengar, who once more engaged in his daily exercise routine.

After finishing his exercise and taking his morning bath, Berengar had breakfast with his family once more. After finishing his meal, he directly headed to town. He had two purposes in his visit today. One was to form a relationship with the local farmers, and another was to buy lard and lots of it. He was going to invent pomade even if it killed him; he was sick and tired of parting his hair, he would rather slick it back like he used to do in his past life.

After reaching the town, Berengar approached the nearest farm, where he saw a man in his thirties operating the plow as he began to make ready for planting. After all, it was early spring, and the time to begin planting had just begun. Berengar took notice of the man who was hard at work and decided to approach him.

"Excuse me, what is your name?'

The man saw that Berengar was speaking and looked around to see who he might be speaking to until he realized he was the only one in the vicinity. He carefully lifted a finger and pointed at himself with a jaw slightly ajar, gawking at Berengar as he could not fathom the Baron's son speaking to a lowly peasant like him.

"Yes you, how may I refer to you?"

"Milord, my name is Gunther..."

Berengar reflected upon the name for a moment and smiled at the large and burly man as he complimented him.

"Gunther, a strong name, it surely suits you. I am Berengar; it is a pleasure to meet you!"

Gunther could not believe his ears; the Baron's son and heir said it was a pleasure to meet him, a lowly peasant? How could this be? He accidentally voiced his thoughts and immediately winced expecting retaliation.

"A pleasure to meet me? How?"

Berengar's smile froze; he did not realize the peasant class had so little sense of self-worth. He would clearly have to explain to the man how important his job is.

"Of course it is a pleasure! I see a man desperately plowing the field in the dawn of spring. Working hard to ensure that the realm has enough food to eat, to survive the winter, and to prosper as a region. I can't help but feel proud to meet a hardworking individual such as yourself."

he was not lying; in his previous life, Berengar had seen too many slackers succeed in life because of their connections, while hard-working men lived a life of poverty and daily struggle. He could not help but admire a hard-working and competent man who provided for his family, despite the horrible conditions a medieval peasant endured, which would drive a modern man to suicide.

After hearing the young lord's kind words, Gunther was truly shocked; the man's reputation was well known throughout these parts, even by the peasant class. Despite this, when meeting him for the first time, Berengar was nothing like what Gunther had expected him to be.

Berengar could see that Gunther was amazed by his behavior. Thus, he shifted the direction of the conversation in his favor.

"Tell me, Gunther, have you ever thought of using four fields instead of three?"

Gunther nearly scoffed at the young lord's remark, he may be the baron's son, but he knows nothing of agriculture, something Gunther and his family had been doing for centuries.

"Milord, with all due respect, if we were to use four fields, then the soil would erode and eventually be useless."

A smirk appeared on Berengar's face. This wasn't just a farmer who learned what his forefather's taught and did not understand the underlying principles of why it was so. At least in terms of his profession, this was an educated farmer someone who clearly understood why one should not do as Berengar had suggested.

"If I were to tell you that if you created a four-field rotation separated into the category wheat, turnips, barley, and clover. Would it not solve such a problem."

He was testing Gunther's knowledge of his craft; after all, Berengar had no use for fools who did what they were told because that was the tradition. He needed thinkers, men who could grasp ahold of new technologies and implement them on his behalf. Defying all odds, the first farmer he came across was such a man.

Gunther's eyes lit up; it was already well known that legumes could enhance the soil of the fields they were planted in. Thus they were already used in the three-field system. However, the more he thought about Berengar's words, the more he realized the young lord was correct. If they used these four crops as the staple of their agricultural system, they would be able to maintain or possibly increase the fertility of the soil while growing food year-round and sustaining the breeding of livestock throughout the year.

The poor farmer gazed at Berengar with a new sense of admiration; however, what Berengar said next shocked the man to the core.

"I see you approve, then come, let us introduce this innovation together."

Afterward, Berengar dismounted from his horse, rolled up his sleeves, and picked up a hoe where he stood aside Gunther and worked alongside a lowly peasant to introduce the agricultural innovation that would bring the Barony of Kufstein into an agricultural revolution.

Despite his natural infirmity, he helped plow and seed the field throughout the entire day alongside the poor farmer; by the end of the hard day's worth of labor, the four-field system was implemented on this single farm, and Berengar was exhausted beyond his limits. Yet, he was satisfied on a deeply personal level. The life of a pampered noble was ill-suited for a man such as himself. Gunther stared at the young lord in disbelief; nobody in the entire village, not even his wife nor his kids, would believe he had just plowed and seeded a field alongside the Baron's son and heir. Thus an unlikely friendship between a lowly peasant farmer and a young lord was born. One which would last a lifetime.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9: a Fair Days Wage for a Fair Days Work.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a hard day's work, Berengar sat down next to the poor farmer known as Gunther and shared a wineskin with the man as he wiped away the sweat from his brow with the sleeve of his luxurious doublet. As the two rehydrated, Berengar suddenly remembered his most important reason for entering the fields. As important as advancing the agricultural technology of his family's land was, there was one matter that truly kept him awake at night.

"Hey Gunther, do you have about a pound of Lard I may purchase from you?"

That's right, Lard! No matter how important advancing the agricultural system of his family's land was, it was a process that would take many years, possibly even decades, to fulfill truly. Right now, he desperately needed lard to create pomade so he could get his appearance the way he desired. I mean, sure, his family probably had lard in its kitchen, but the cooks were awfully stingy about the resources he could take out on a whim. If he kept stockpiling lard sooner or later, he would have to explain to his father that he was using it to create a primitive hair gel.

Only once did he use the greasy residue from his natural grime to fix his hair, and he immediately regretted it; the entire day, he felt grossed out knowing that the sweat and dirt produced by his body were used to style his hair; it was simply unsanitary! After the first day of his transmigration, he opted never to resort to such filthy habits ever again. Thus he had been parting his hair ever since and felt it did not fit of this handsome face he had acquired.

Gunther had a hard time believing this young lord's behavior; even now, after helping a lowly peasant like himself plow and seed his fields for the entire day, the Baron's son was asking to purchase lard off of him instead of outright confiscating it.

"Milord, all of this land belongs to your family; everything I produce belongs to ..."

Before Gunther could finish his thought, Berengar raised a hand and cut him off. With a dignified expression, Berengar smiled at Gunther and preached his ideology.

"I'm a strong believer of the saying a fair day's wage for a fair day's work. You tell me what you think the lard you have put so much effort into producing is worth, and I will pay it."

Gunther stared at Berengar with an astonished look; he had never met such an enlightened noble before, yet what Berengar said next was like a dream come true for a lowly peasant such as himself.

"One day, when I rule over these lands, I will pay every man the worth of their labor, regardless of the class they were born into."

A small tear formed in Gunther's eyes as he heard the pleasant words of Berengar; if this were an ordinary nobleman, he would never believe such an outrageous statement. Yet, Berengar, a man with obvious physical frailty and of noble birth, had stood side by side with him, helping him plow and seed his fields so that together they could introduce a new system of crop rotation. The noble scion did it without demanding for anything in return."

After considering Berengar's offer for quite some time raised three of his fingers.

"Three pfennigs"

Berengar thought it was a fair price as such, he reached into his doublet and pulled out a small satchel which contained a pouch of small white coins; he pinched three of the small coins with his fingers and pulled them out of the satchel, handing them over to Gunther with a smile on his face.

Gunther, on the other hand, was staring madly at the three white coins. When he was said "three pfennigs," he referred to the copper pfennigs, not the white ones, which contained at least 50% silver within the metallic mix. These were worth far more than he had asked for.

After gaping at Berengar like an idiot for a few moments, he finally recovered from his daze and handed them back to the young lord.

"Milord, when I said three pfennigs, I was referring to the copper ones, not the white ones."

Berengar looked at Gunther with a look of confusion on his face; in his entire memories, the young nobleman had only ever encountered the white pfennigs. He was entirely unaware that a separate currency with the same name existed and was worth far less.

After hearing such a thing existed, Berengar couldn't help but feel disgruntled. He could not believe the currency used in this society was primitive. He would investigate this at once and develop a plan to rehash the currency used in this feudal society. He swore even if he had to create his own currency, he would fix this backward system that Kufstein currently used.

Luckily for him, this would be within his power as the Baron of Kufstein when he succeeded his father. Much like during the timeline of his previous life, sometime during the 12th century, the German King was no longer able to enforce the regalia of minting coins. Thus the minting process fell to the authority of every local town and lord. The value of a coin from one barony could be worth more or less than the value from another.

It was truly a maddening system. However, if you thought the Kingdom of Germany was a mess, then the Holy Roman Empire as a whole was far worse; there was no uniform currency throughout the entirety of its territory. While the Kingdom of Germany and its domains used the pfennig, or penny as it would be translated to in modern English as the most common currency, the same could not be said about the other Kingdoms the Empire comprised of.

Though he may be a baron, at the very least, he could simplify the coinage minted in his territory when he came to power. However, for now, he had to endure the stupidity of such a foolish system. After thinking it through, Berengar folded Gunther's hand, which currently held the three pfennigs, and smiled.

"Three pfennigs is three pfennigs as far as I'm concerned. When I come to power, I will mint new currency; made of solid gold and silver so that its value is absolute."

It did not take Berengar long to come up with a new system; after all, he had the memories of his past life, and eventually, Germany got its act together and minted pfennigs and marks. Marks were made out of gold, while pfennigs were made out of various materials and eventually lost their value almost entirely.

However, he would not be foolish enough to compromise the integrity of his coinage; as such, he vowed to make all pfennigs made out of silver and all marks made out of gold. In a time like this, with such a small population, such a currency system would work well domestically and in trade with other regions.

Gunther eventually came to accept the excessive price and delivered the lard in a ceramic jar to Berengar. He couldn't help but be curious about why Berengar needed a pound of lard when his family's kitchen would be filled with it. Once again, Gunther voiced his thoughts aloud, though this time, when he realized what he had done, he only slightly flinched as he was aware of Berengar's character at this point. After his instinct took hold, he could hear Berenger chuckle at him.

"You will know when you next see me."

With that, Berengar placed the jar in one of his horse's saddlebags and hopped upon it as he waved goodbye to Gunther.

"I will see you again soon, my friend, but for now, I need to retire for the evening."

After which, Berengar slapped his spurs against the exquisite destrier's torso and rode off towards the Castle's gates. By the time he arrived at the gates, the beautiful orange sunset which filled the sky had already begun to fade, along with the light of day. His first order of business was to take a bath as quickly as possible. However, upon entrance, he was immediately greeted by his little sister Henrietta who jumped into his arms and wiped her face against his sweaty torso. A smudge of dirt and grime appeared on the young girl's face as she looked up to her brother in his arms, pouting as she did so.

"You're late... and dirty,"

she said coldly as she stared daggers at Berengar. It was unlike him to come home so late; not only did he rarely leave the Castel's walls, but he had never returned in such a pitiful condition before. She could only imagine what trouble he had gotten himself into.

Berengar laughed as he petted the young girl's head

"I appreciate you are worrying about me, but I'm fine. I just had some business to take care of.

Henrietta looked at what Berengar was holding, and her eyes filled with curiosity.

"What's that,"

she exclaimed as she pointed at the ceramic jar in his hands. Berengar was more than happy to answer his curious little sister

"Lard"

The young girl touched her lips with her finger with a questioning gaze; she had not heard the word before and was curious what it meant.

"Lard?"

Berengar smirked with a devilish grin; he decided to tease the little loli

"Pig Fat"

Immediately Henrietta's cute face scrunched up as she backed away from her brother with an abhorrent expression.

"Ewwwwwww!"

she cried as she ran away from her precious big brother; as she ran away, Berengar laughed to the point where he nearly fell on his knees. The little girl's expression was just too cute. Suddenly he remembered her face had a smudge of dirt on it, and he hollered at his sister from across the hall

"Henrietta, take a bath. You've got dirt on your face!"

Thus Berengar had to wait a bit longer for his nightly bath. After all, he was fine with letting his darling little sister take a bath first. As he walked back to his room, he could not help but feel a watchful gaze set upon him. He was certain he was being spied upon but refused to reveal it as that would only cause more trouble. As such, Berengar walked back to his room in an inconspicuous manner, never alerting the spy that he was aware of the presence.

After reaching the sanctuary of his room, Berengar let out a deep sigh of relief; he would have to be more cautious going forward. It would appear Lambert had set spies upon him to watch his actions. It would not be long before that little bastard attempted to assassinate him again. Berengar refused to die so quickly after being reincarnated. If Lambert wanted to unleash spies upon him, that was fine; two could play that game. Slowly but surely, Berengar was winning the hearts of the common folk, and they were the greatest potential spy force in the world. After all, not a single noble would expect the peasantry to report their activities to someone else.

Shortly after the event, Berengar took his nightly bath and once more tucked in Henrietta, who was now as clean as a whistle. After telling her a story about the heroes from the history of his previous life, he went back to his own bedroom, where he locked the door behind him and latched the windows. However, he decided to leave the curtains open, which allowed the light of the full moon to shine upon his sleeping body like a guardian angel watching over him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10: A Verbal Thrashing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the light of dawn shone upon Berengar's regal face, he awoke peacefully. Though his body was sore all over from his previous day's activities, he still managed to drag himself out of bed. If he kept pushing himself like this, his body might give out on him before he can cure himself of his natural infirmity. Thus he decided to take a day off from excessive exercise. Instead, he spent the early morning converting the jar of lard he received from Gunther into the pomade he had so dearly desired.

Using a homemade recipe, which he utilized extensively in his previous life, Berengar had finally succeeded in his endeavor. His next course of action was taking his morning bath which was a bit earlier than usual. Afterward, he placed his fingers into the wax-like substance and slicked his hair back with it. After carefully styling his hair, he gazed at himself in the bathroom mirror. Aside from his thin and frail body, he looked very majestic with the new hairstyle.

His previous attempt using grease residue from the bath to style his hair ended disastrously; it smelled bad, it kept falling out of place, and it did not meet Berengar's excessive conditions in the slightest. However, after successfully inventing pomade, his already exquisite appearance improved further. He was amazed at how much better-looking his current body was than in his previous life. The Golden-Blonde hair, which now shimmered in the light of dawn, the deep sapphire eyes, which appeared as if they had been chiseled out of gemstone, and the milky white skin which every girl dreamed of having combined perfectly into a princely appearance suiting his noble heritage.

The only advantage his previous appearance had over his current one was that it had a strong and fit body. However, these things could naturally be improved over time, and he was in no hurry to impress the women of this era. He had many things to accomplish before even thinking of getting married, besides the only members of the opposite sex he was remotely close to were his little sister and his mother, at the very least, he would have to be introduced to a proper woman before he could even attempt to woo her.

After styling his appearance and gazing at himself in the mirror, Berengar had taken the time to get dressed in an opulent black doublet, with gilded lining, as well as an equally luxurious set of hose, and a pair of black leather shoes. He sighed heavily as he looked at himself in the mirror one last time; his family truly wasted too much money on maintaining appearances.

After donning his attire, he left the bath and instinctively headed to the dining room. He was quite early by the standards of his recent routine; as such, he caught his family off guard when he arrived at the dining room, where they were all seated, having a polite conversation as they waited for him to arrive.

Upon entering the dining room, his family glanced over at him with shocked expressions; they were not expecting him to have such a refined appearance. Even Lambert gazed upon Berengar with envy. Sometimes it took a change in hairstyle to reveal the full potential of one's appearance. Henrietta blushed at her brother's striking demeanor and looked away; even his mother, Gisela's mouth, hung agape, which she quickly covered with her hand. Sieghard looked upon his son and heir with a gaze of fatherly approval. Finally, the boy he had raised appreciated his taste of the finer things in life. However, he wondered how the little bugger had managed to style his hair in such an imposing manner.

Seeing his family's odd expressions, Berengar touched his face with his right hand.

"What is it? Do I have something on my face?"

In unison, his family members shook their heads in silence, with various emotions in their awkward gazes. After confirming his appearance was tidy, Berengar sat down at the table across from Lambert and lifted his hands as he prepared for the morning grace. However, his family was too busy examining the change in appearance to notice his posture.

After a few moments of silence, Berengar looked up at his father

"Father? Do you not wish to say grace this morning?"

Having the memories of Julian, Berengar was now a closet atheist. Nevertheless, he still put on the appearance of a devout Catholic because he knew the consequences a man of science would endure in this primitive era. It would take decades, but maybe he could usher in the scientific revolution a bit earlier than in his own timeline if he worked hard at it.

After snapping out of their trance, his father began to speak his prayer as the family listened. Afterward, the family began to dig into their meal. While cutting apart his pork sausage with his utensils, Berengar overheard Lambert reporting his previous day's activities to their father.

"Father, did you know that Berengar spent the whole day plowing the fields with a peasant yesterday?"

Their father, who was just about to bite into his sausage, gazed over at Berengar with a confused look on his face.

"You plowed a field?"

Berengar would not resort to disparaging the friend he had made the previous day to save face among the nobility; as such, he had no shame in his voice as he admitted to his day's venture.

"Yes, father, I suppose that's why I took the day off from my morning exercise; overexerting oneself will have negative effects on the body."

This confused his father further; why would he take time out of his exercise schedule to plow a field? He could not help but inquire about the details.

"Any reason in particular?"

Lambert sneered at Berengar as if he had caused a loss of favor for Berengar with their father. However, the words that came next astounded him.

"Well, you see, father, I had this brilliant idea about improving crop rotation, however as you know, I am not a farmer, so I sought out a professional's opinion on my theory. The man turned out to know his craft quite well, and as we got to discuss the feasibility of it, we decided to try it out; and I am a man who leads by example, so I picked up a plow and got to work."'

Lambert scoffed at this response; how could Berengar develop a new innovation for agriculture all on his lonesome? Clearly, this was a facade his older brother was putting on to turn the situation to his advantage. As such, Lambert immediately questioned Berengar about his so-called innovation. He would catch his older brother in his lie and reveal to everyone that Berengar was a fraud. A wicked sneer curved upon Lambert's lips as he thought to himself.

'Older brother, you are still too naive to play these games with me.'

After which he voiced his concerns aloud

"You say you invented an innovation of crop rotation, and what might that be?"

Berengar stared at Lambert coldly once again, which instinctively caused the teenage boy to shiver. After staring him down, Berengar scoffed at the impertinence of his little brother's statement.

"Even if I described it to you in vast detail, you would not be able to comprehend it. You do not have a mind for agriculture, little brother."

Lambert was infuriated by this response; he had not expected his older brother to attack his weak point. It was true that Lambert did not know the first thing about agriculture, nor did he understand engineering. He had only ever heard the phrase crop rotation before; he hadn't the slightest clue how it functioned. That was not the responsibility of a noble scion like himself.

Before he could respond to Berengar's allegations, Berengar had already seized the initiative and addressed their father with a tone of great respect.

"Father, if you wish to know the details, I won't hide anything from you, but I fear it might be a waste of our time together as a family, as I'm certain I would only bore the children with the intricate details of crop rotation."

Lambert was furious at this point. Did Berengar seriously place him in the same category as Henrietta? As if he was some small child? He was only a few months away from his 16th birthday, which would make him a man in the eyes of God and men. Despite his internal protests, the boy still did not manage to get a word out, as their father, Sieghard, agreed with Berengar's terms.

"You're right, Berengar; there are more important matters to discuss as a family right now; For example, How did you manage to get your hair to look like that?"

Lambert, who at that moment had stuffed his mouth with a slice of sausage, nearly choked upon it after hearing his father's words. Berengar was also surprised at his father's words. The old Baron truly did have a fascination with fashion. Though quickly, a light flashed in Berengar's eyes as he thought of this as an opportunity to coerce his father into engaging in proper hygiene.

"I'm afraid it won't work for you, father..."

Sieghard could practically feel his heartbreak as he heard such words. He could not explain why, but after gazing at his son's dignified appearance that was better suited to royalty, he needed to know how to make himself look so majestic. Of course, he unwittingly fell into Berengar's trap.

"Why not?"

a sound of panic had entered Sieghard's voice as he practically stood up from the head of the table after hearing such dire news. Berengar, on the other hand, had to prevent himself from smiling; sometimes, it was too easy to manipulate his father into doing his bidding.

"Because you don't bathe frequently enough."

After hearing Berengar's words, hope surged in the old Baron's heart. If that were the only problem, then he would bathe just as much as his son if he had to. He didn't care if people made fun of him for doing so as long as he could have the glistening golden hair of his son. Realizing that his father had thoroughly grabbed onto the bait, Berengar decided to set the hook in and reel in the catch.

"The product I invented to style my hair this way only works on clean hair, though I promise you even if you work up a sweat, with this solution, your hair will stay intact like mine. Though, you do need to clean it off again at night."

This was complete and utter bullshit, but if it meant he could improve the hygiene of another member of his family, so be it. A little white lie like this never hurt anyone. By the time the breakfast had been finished, his entire family, except for Lambert, were convinced of the values of proper hygiene. The Baron had begun to draft plans for the entire servant staff to wash their hands throughout the day regularly. Berengar left the dining room with a giant smile on his face; he was one step closer to introducing a sense of modern hygiene to his family's lands.

Hopefully, this clean lifestyle would catch on soon enough; he could not help but fear an epidemic breaking out because people were uneducated about disease and filth. For the time being, this was sufficient; after all, the people he regularly contacted would be forced to practice some degree of basic hygiene. His next stop was to visit Gunther; as a member of the peasant class, the man was instrumental in Berengar's plans to implement the four-field system across all farms within the Barony of Kufstein.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11: An Unwanted Betrothal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was just about to step out of the Castle when he heard his father's voice calling out for him.

"Berengar, do you mind speaking with me in the study real quick?"

Berengar let out a deep sigh. Apparently, his plans to visit Gunther and use his connections to implement the four-field system would have to wait. Steadily, Berengar strode into his father's study. As he sat down in the chair in front of his father's desk, he could see his father staring at him with a curious gaze.

Berengar knew that look all too well it, however before he could protest, Sieghard let out a heavy sigh much like his own son had done not two minutes prior.

"Berengar, my son, you're twenty years old and still unmarried. I understand your reasons; however, a healthy glow returns to your skin with each passing day. It appears that whatever you've been doing has been good for your well-being. Now that your childhood infirmity seems to be passing, it's time to think about finding a wife."

Berengar repeatedly tapped the armrest on his chair while resting his face on his right fist, a habit which he had developed in his previous life whenever he was sitting down. During these moments, the only sound that could be heard was the clunk of the wooden armrest whenever a finger would strike upon it.

Within Berengar's mind, he attempted to find a way to prolong this discussion. He was not ready to be married yet. After all, he had so much work that needed to be done, and courting a woman would take up much of his time that was currently needed elsewhere. However, he could not tell his father such things, seeing as how the young lord's ambitions were on the borderline of infringing upon his Father's rights as Baron.

His father might have a penchant for fashion and luxury, but he was no fool. He could tell Berengar had lofty plans for the realm, but Berengar was still a young man; he would have plenty of time to enact such policies when he inherited the position of Baron. For now, he should find himself a bride and have children, thus continuing the family line.

Fundamentally Berengar had a 21st-century mindset for this kind of stuff. His plan was to get married in his thirties to a beautiful woman ten years younger than himself after he had made a fortune by beginning the industrialization of his family's land. However, in his estimation, this would take many years to accomplish fully.

One of his biggest concerns was that despite the vast resource-rich lands his family held, the population was sparse, uneducated, and mostly unskilled, seeing as how an overwhelming majority of them were working in the fields. For the time being, he could not take charge of the family's finances without his father's approval; as such, he could not implement policies that required substantial investment like public education, which would be vital in creating a new generation of skilled laborers in a variety of fields which was truly necessary for an industrial society to thrive.

Despite being deep in thought, Berengar needed to answer his father. The man was growing impatient, especially since the only thing the old baron could hear for the last few moments was the tapping noise produced by Berengar's fingers repeatedly pouncing upon the wooden armrest of his chair.

Just when Sieghard was about to scold Berengar, the young lord sighed as he sounded dejected at his father's request.

"Who do you have in mind?"

A small smile spread across Sieghard's lips as he gazed upon his son; the boy was finally growing up.

"You remember your cousin Adela, right? My sister's third daughter and the daughter of the Count of Steiermark."

Berengar was revolted at the thought of marrying his cousin. He had nearly forgotten that it was a fairly common practice in the Medieval period for nobles to marry off their sons and daughters to their siblings' children. Nevertheless, he kept a straight face as he showed respect to his father's wishes.

"Little Adela? I haven't seen her in ages; how old is she now, thirteen?"

Sieghard nodded at his son with a smile on his face.

"She will be turning thirteen this year. I hear she's blossoming into a stunning young woman."

Berengar tried not to frown; he had expected an age gap, but this was far too young for him to feel comfortable courting; though it may be slightly more normal in these times, his 21st-century mindset made him feel like a groomer just thinking about it. Nevertheless, the more he thought about it, the more the idea appealed to him. Not because he was attracted to his twelve-year-old cousin, but this gave him roughly four years to set his plans into motion before he was married. At most, they'd be engaged in name only, and he could probably find some way to weasel his way out of the betrothal before the girl turned sixteen and he was forced to go through with the act.

Berengar began to tap his chair once more as he thought about the monumental decision that would affect his entire life. After another few moments, he broke the silence between the two.

"I would have to meet her first and see what kind of young woman she has become..."

His father was pleased, though slightly disappointed. He did not fully manage to convince his son to accept the betrothal upon request, but Berengar didn't fully decline it either. Maybe there was some hope for the young man after all.

After nodding his head in approval, Sieghard got up from his chair and walked Berengar to the door.

"I will send a letter to your uncle informing him of your request; you should expect a response within a fortnight."

Berengar nodded; at the very least, this potential betrothal would buy him some time which he desperately needed. He probably would not appear before the girl for another three months. By that time, there should be some significant gains in his muscle mass, and his appearance would improve greatly. He would feel embarrassed trying to court a girl in his current borderline emaciated form.

"I'll leave it up to you, father."

After getting that business out of the way, Berengar was finally able to leave the Castle and meet up with Gunther to see how he and the land he worked was doing. Gunther had been hard at work, not only tending to the fields but spreading the idea of the four-field system to the other farmers. It had only been a day, but he successfully managed to convince three of his friends to implement such a system on the fields they tended to. It would appear Berengar did not have much to do in regards to spreading the system. Gunther was well connected with many of the peasant farmers within the Barony of Kufstein.

All Berengar had to do was sit back and let his competent underlings spread the industrial and agricultural innovations that he had already set in motion. For the remaining month, he would spend his time and energy increasing his fitness and building relations with the locals.

For the remainder of the evening, he would return to the castle, take a bath, and get a good night's rest. That was the plan, of course, but just like the day prior, the moment he entered the Castle's gates, Henrietta ran up and hugged him, inquiring about his whereabouts.

"Big brother, where did you run off to this time?"

A worried expression settled onto the little loli's face. Berengar could not help but smile at her cuteness and patted her head.

"I was just visiting the town and getting to know the locals; it's a Lord's job to understand the conditions of his people."

The little girl smiled as she felt her head patted and eventually let go of her hold over her brother.

"You're finally in time for dinner! Let's go eat!"

She said as he pranced off in the direction of the dining room. Berengar followed after her; as he did so, he noticed the same strange presence he felt the night before. Lambert's spies were getting sloppier. Just like the prior night, Berengar ignored it and continued to the dining room. Still, he kept a keen eye on the area he suspected the spy to be hiding. He did not want to receive a bolt in the back while he was not paying attention.

After reaching the dining room with his little sister, Berengar noticed his family already seated. They had not expected him to come home so soon after all his daily routine as of the last few days kept him busy during this hour. Nevertheless, he had arrived on time for once, his mother and father were pleased to see him, but Lambert was clearly not. After sitting at the seat across from Lambert, Berengar gazed at him briefly with an indifferent expression before returning his gaze to the plate in front of him. When he suddenly heard his mother's loving voice call out to him.

"So, my son, I hear you are finally betrothed?"

Berengar nearly choked on his food when he heard those words; he looked up to his mother with a shocked expression on his face. It had been merely a few hours since he discussed this with his father, and he had not fully accepted the betrothal. How did it suddenly turn into a done deal? Was this a setup from his father all along? Had the old man already negotiated the betrothal by the time they had the discussion?

Henrietta dropped her fork when she heard those words and looked at Berengar with shock. Her big brother was getting married? She had never even thought of it as possible since he was so much older and still single. Though she was very intimate with her big brother, she by no means had any unhealthy ideas towards him; if anything, she was happy that there was finally someone he could spend the rest of his life with. After the shock vanished, she smiled at Berengar and immediately asked him all kinds of questions.

"Who is it?"

"Is she pretty?"

"Do I know her?"

Henrietta sent a barrage of questions towards Berengar while still trying to comprehend what had transpired behind the scenes. Lambert was equally stunned; he did not believe a single nobleman within the region was remotely interested in setting up an engagement with Berengar. Hell, he had gone through great lengths to prevent it; just who was acting without his knowledge, or the knowledge of the Count of Tyrol for that matter! The boy could not believe somebody within the County of Tyrol would risk angering the Count. After all, the two had been plotting together against Berengar for some time. He never expected a Count of another region to personally arrange a betrothal with the wastrel that was his older brother.

Berengar, finally snapping out of his shock, glared at his father menacingly, his fists curling up as he struggled to contain the urge to strike the old Baron for plotting against him. Nevertheless, he was in no position to do so and calmed himself down, gritting his teeth as he chastised his father for his actions.

"Father! What did you do!?!"

Sieghard stared down his errant son; for too long, he had enabled this boy's idle behavior, the fact that he showed interest in the proposed marriage was good enough reason for him to accept it. He knew in his heart that sooner or later, the boy would accept the proposal, so why would he bother wasting time with an introduction between the two cousins.

"You seemed interested, so I expedited the process by accepting the Count's terms."

Berengar was furious, so there really had been terms already laid out, and his father gauged Berengar's level of interest on whether or not he should accept. Berengar was interested, but not for the reasons his father believed. He wanted to meet the girl to know for sure whether or not his plans could succeed. It was too late now, he was already betrothed, and there was nothing he could do about it. No longer in the mood to eat, Berengar ripped the napkin off his doublet and tossed it aside as he stormed out of the dining hall. He was no longer in the mood to dine with his family.

After finishing his bath, he returned to his room, where he fell asleep. He would no longer dwell on things that were out of his control; for now, he had to focus his efforts on getting stronger. It would only take a month or so before his innovations were fully adopted and in place within the Barony of Kufstein.

On the other side of the Castle, an oil lamp was lit on the desk in the room of Lambert; he was quickly writing a letter to the Count of Tyrol, his future father in law requesting his help in scheming against his brother once more. If his brother should marry and have a son before Lambert could get rid of him, it would be disastrous for their plans. Only after the oil had fully burned from his lamp did Lambert put down his quill. Attaching the letter to a carrier pigeon, he sent his wicked schemes into the night sky and towards the Count's residence at Innsbruck.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12: Production Complete
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the month passed by Berengar, found himself spending most of his days exercising, eating healthy, and acquainting himself with his subjects. By now, the common folk of Kufstein was mostly aware of his humble and just nature. He had found himself spending some of his free time helping villagers with personal requests. Every day for lunch, he would dine among the common folk at the local bakery. Under his guiding hand, the local Baker and Butcher teamed up to create a local sandwich shop booming in business.

Berengar had to admit, inventing the sandwich was one of his best ideas. It was a cheap and healthy option for the villagers to cobble together and eat when they had the chance. The longer time went on, the more he added to the culinary culture of Kufstein. Instructing chefs on making schnitzel, spaetzle, and other common German foods that were iconic in his previous life but had yet to be invented. It was not simply a matter of advancing technology; he would have to bring a new era of culture with him if he wanted to accomplish his goals for the land over which his family governed.

During this period of time, Berengar had earned the trust of the servants in the castle and the village folk and had even set up a small spy network within his family's lands. It was used entirely to counter Lambert's attempts to end his life and usurp his birthright, and as such certain commoners became aware of the Baron's second son's true nature. In public, Lambert seemed like a noble and pious man, but the reality was very different.

Lambert was completely unaware that his every move had been watched by the common folk he looked down upon and reported to his older brother. He may have the local nobility on his side, but there was only so much they could do when the people protected Berengar. Who would poison his food? If the chefs who admired Berengar's passion for the culinary arts were the ones who would directly bring the food to the table in an attempt to hear Berengar's criticisms so that they may learn from him.

In his past life, Berengar had lived alone for many years and cooked for himself. Over time he had become quite the adequate chef. Though these men who cooked his meals had far more talent than he ever had, they lacked the knowledge of recipes and spices that Berengar brought with him from the memories of his past life.

Every so often Berengar would check up on the progress in which Gunther and Ludwig had made, and he was pleased with the results. The progress on the Beehive Ovens, Blastfurnace, and Bessmer converter was going smoothly. By the end of the month, they would be complete. The same could be said about the four-field system; with Gunther's backing and Berengar's improving reputation, the barony would have a four-field harvest this year.

While the month came to a close, the young Lord had found himself healthier by the day. No longer was he haunted by the gaunt lines of malnutrition that ravaged his otherwise excellent appearance. The shallow cheeks of his face had filled in nicely and had enhanced his already majestic features. The improvement to his condition was tremendous. It was amazing what a high protein and calcium diet could do for the body. Though he was by no means a bodybuilder and had still maintained a very lean appearance, Berengar was certainly no longer sickly in the slightest. His torso no longer had the haggard appearance of a feeble old man but shined with the vigor of youth. There were even signs of definition in the muscle on his body, and a six-pack steadily began to form.

His milky white skin maintained its grace, but the unhealthy pale effect had been replaced with a healthy glow. Despite these gains, he was still far from the fitness goals that he wished to accomplish, yet Berengar was satisfied with his appearance for now. He had finally overcome a lifetime of pestilence and frailty. Perhaps now he could even swing a sword properly, though, with his plans in mind for military innovations, the age of swords and arrows would soon be coming to an end.

After finishing his morning bath time, Berengar entered the dining room to eat his morning meal with his beloved family. However, Lambert was noticeably missing from the occasion. He had ventured to Innsbruck to visit his fiancee. This allowed Berengar a slight reprieve from the constant battles of intrigue he had secretly been engaging in with his little brother behind the scenes. He was aware that Lambert was cooking up an assassination attempt in the shadows and the likelihood of his visit to Innsbruck involving that purpose was high. If the Count of Tyrol was backing Lambert's plot to eliminate him, it did not bode well.

Thus Berengar had no choice; he would have to meet with his fiancee and gain the backing of her father, the Count of Steiermark. It was a task he had been putting off for some time now, primarily out of concern for his appearance. He had not seen Adela since she was a little girl; as such, this meeting would be the first time she had seen his adult appearance, and he had been waiting for satisfactory results. First impressions were key, especially when he really needed to convince the girl's father that he was not a sickly young man, of mild intellect and idle nature as the rumors had stated. He needed to prove he was healthy, determined, and cunning.

If he were to be backed by a noble of equal stature, then the Count of Tyrol would have to think twice about assassinating Berengar. As long as Berengar could contain Lambert's schemes to those dwelling within the Barony of Kufstein, he was positive he could foil any attempt on his life and inheritance. Eventually, though, he would need a more permanent solution to Lambert and his many schemes. Berengar could not very well have someone who intends to kill him live within his domain.

The conversation at the breakfast table was delightful now that he did not have to worry about Lambert trying to affect his family's opinion of him. His father was very proud of the results of his training, and his mother could not help but smile every time she saw how healthy her baby boy had become. Henrietta on the other hand was happily enjoying her food without a care in the world.

Berengar was snacking on a breakfast sandwich made of toasted sourdough bread, sausage, egg, ham, bacon, and cheese. It was one of his favorite breakfasts in his previous life, and it was just as great in this one. His parents did not know where the idea of sandwiches came from, but they also enjoyed the new culinary inventions over the past month. After finishing the sandwich and washing it down with a mug of milk, Berengar discussed his concerns with his father.

"Father, I do believe it's time for me to meet with Adela. We've been officially betrothed for nearly a month now, and I have yet to see her face."

Sieghard smiled; he knew his son would be asking about it soon enough; the reason he hadn't asserted they meet sooner is that he too shared Berengar's concerns over the boy's prior appearance, but that was no longer a factor. Truth be told, he had received several letters requesting his son's appearance, which he had been stalling for time with his replies. However, he could not ignore the last one. Apparently, the little girl got fed up waiting on Berengar to accept her requests for a meeting and had already set out for Kufstein to force an encounter with her betrothed. He had not informed his son of this yet, and he figured now was the perfect time to do so.

"About that, it would appear your little cousin was too eager to meet you, and she has already set out for Kufstein. She should be arriving tomorrow morning."

Berengar smiled, he truly had not expected this, but he liked the little girl's determination. Maybe they could get along after all. However, he was not too sure what he could have in common with a twelve-year-old girl. Nevertheless, he was pleased to hear the news; he would not have to wait a fortnight to meet the girl, nor would he have to travel all the way to Graz which was the capital of Steiermark and the home to its Count.

"Good, that fits with my plans for the upcoming days."

Sieghard relaxed his shoulders and sighed after hearing Berengar's response; he thought the boy would be displeased with the news. After all, he had reacted so strongly to being engaged that he feared the boy would do something stupid in an attempt to break it off. Nevertheless, his son appeared to have accepted the betrothal. Sieghard had no idea that the only reason Berengar accepted the idea was that he needed to borrow the Count of Steiermark's power to interfere with Lambert's deadly schemes. Berengar still was not pleased with the betrothal, but necessity forced his hand. If he had to court a young girl to ensure his survival, he would do so. Luckily the two wouldn't be married until the girl was sixteen, an acceptable age to Berengar.

Neither of the two men knew that the girl was ahead of schedule and was already at the border of the Barony; it would not be long before the couple would meet for the first time in many years. Nevertheless, because they had no way of knowing, Berengar went on with his plans for the day. Ludwig should have completed the project by now, and as such, after finishing his meal and being excused, Berengar went to the town and visited the area where Ludwig had constructed the devices.

Gazing up at a series of beehive ovens which were already aflame cooking the coal mined from the mountains into coke, a wide grin spread across Berengar's face. As Berenger stood in awe at the small industrial sector that had rapidly sprung up over the past month, Ludwig snuck up behind the young lord and patted him on the shoulder.

"Milord, as you can see, we have completed your designs and have already begun the process of creating the first batch of steel!"

Berengar looked across the small industrial sector built beside the river and saw that the Blast furnace, which was powered by a water wheel, was already in the production of pig iron. The beehive ovens produced the coke, which was then used to fuel the blast furnace to create molten pig iron, which was sent into the Bessemer converter to create steel!

Everything was flowing like a well-oiled machine; it would not be long until they had produced their first batch of steel, which they could sell to Innsbruck for a small fortune. Once he gained the profits, he would invest them into the mining sector of the small Barony and truly begin large-scale production of steel.

Berengar smiled as he slapped Ludwig on the back in a friendly gesture

"Ludwig, my friend, you have really outdone yourself!"

The two men smiled at each other as they stared in silence watching the operation of the semi-modern industrial sector in which they had created together. Though they had no way of knowing it. On this day in the year of our Lord 1417, the second of April marks the day when Berengar would become known by his enemies as the "Tyrant of Steel"...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13: The Counts Daughter Arrives
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Adela stared outside the windows of her luxurious Carriage, guarded by a retinue of knights belonging to her father. Her golden blonde hair which was tied into twintails, glistened under the sunlight which shone upon her face; enhancing the natural beauty of her dazzling sapphire eyes. Despite being twelve years old, she was nicely filling out the long baby blue dress which she wore. Her perfect hourglass figure would only improve further with age. A drop of sweat began to pour down from her milky white shoulders as she fanned herself off with her exquisite hand fan.

She had traversed a large distance to enter this lowly Barony. Adela von Graz was the third daughter of Count Otto von Graz who was the Count of Steiermark. Against her wishes, she had been betrothed to her sickly elder cousin, which during the last time they met he appeared to be on his last limb. Somehow Berengar had managed to limp onwards in life until his 20th year.

She had no idea how such a frail, and unhealthy youth had endured life this long. However, because of this, she was furious with her father who had used her as a way to get a stake in Kufstein's rich iron mines. As a girl, she was nothing more than a tool for her family to secure alliances, and she was not content with this lot in life.

Nevertheless, she had to obey her family's wishes, and as such demanded to meet the man she would eventually be married to. However, to her dismay, her requests to meet with him kept being delayed. For an entire month, she had to endure this behavior until the point where she left her home and traveled across the entire Duchy of Austria to meet with him. From her perspective, the behavior of Berengar and his family was unsightly. Clearly, something was wrong with his health, otherwise, why would his family keep delaying his visit. If he was seriously too sick to travel, then she would convince her father to break the betrothal. It was no wonder that Berengar was twenty years old and still unmarried.

When she entered the Village of Kufstein she took notice of the smoke rising in the air, and initially thought a fire had broken out. Yet, to her surprise, the peasants rushed towards the smoky area in flocks as if something extraordinary had transpired. Curious as to what could gain the interests of so many of the common folk, the young lady ordered the driver of her carriage to approach the area to see what the commotion was about.

After stepping out of the carriage and entering the industrial sector which had recently been built, her eyes were not attracted to the strange machinery which was producing the smoke but to that of a tall and handsome young man with slicked-back golden blonde hair, and sapphire eyes which matched her own perfectly. Despite the luxurious clothing he was wearing, the man stood next to an ordinary peasant both of which had large smiles on their faces.

The young lady had not paid the slightest amount of attention to the peasant next to the handsome young man who she immediately recognized despite the many years since their last meeting; she spoke her disbelief aloud as her cheeks flushed at the sight of her elder cousin who had grown extremely handsome since she last laid eyes upon him.

"Berengar?"

Despite voicing her thoughts, she remained unheard by the Baron's son who was otherwise engaged with the actions of the machinery before him. It did not take long for the Bessemer converted to dump its load of molten steel into the small factory, where it was further processed into ingots. The slag, which was produced as a byproduct, was taken away and converted into a phosphate fertilizer under the instructions of Berengar.

Adela was stuck in a trance and had not heard a word that escaped Berengar's lips; her body moved on its own as it inched ever closer to Berengar's presence. Who was still blissfully unaware of the contingent of knights clearing the way for the Count's daughter.

"Ludwig, you did not disappoint. With this batch of steel, we can use the profits to get the mines working at full capacity. We should be able to produce an overabundance of steel within a year!"

However, before Ludwig could respond to Berengar's compliments, the young lord's attention shifted to the girl approaching him and the knights who protected her. He could not explain why but he felt like he knew this beautiful young girl from somewhere. He immediately noticed the flushed cheeks and entranced gaze she was giving him as she bashfully looked away from Berengar, and into the direction of the ground, she asked him the question that was on her mind.

"Berengar is that you?"

Apparently, he did know this young girl, but he could not place a finger on who it was, he felt it would be improper to ask, but he truly had no choice as he could not fully remember the girl's identity no matter how much he tried.

"You are?"

Adela instantly felt like her heart had grown three sizes upon seeing Berenger and then plummeted into an abyss when he failed to recognize her. This bastard had grown so handsome, and yet he did not manage to recognize her beautiful face? What was wrong with his thick head!?! Despite her inner fury, Adela put a smile upon her face and a graceful act as she bowed before Berengar.

"It is me Adela, your fiancee"

Berengar was taken aback, he was not expecting her visit today. He thought for sure his father had told him she would arrive tomorrow. Damn it all, did that sly old fox seriously set him up again!?! He was once more furious at his father, nevertheless, there was nothing he could do about it now. Standing in front of him was his fiancee, who if he was being honest had developed wonderfully, in a few years she would definitely be a knockout.

Nevertheless, despite her potential beauty, he had no real attraction to her, after all, she was still a young girl, and not yet a woman. However, he smiled after knowing that his fiancee would grow into a stunning woman. After calming himself down, and adjusting to the situation Berengar put on the facade of a proper nobleman.

Truthfully Berengar had virtually no experience in charming the opposite sex, so he had to rely on his one source of infallible knowledge that explained how to win a young girl's favor. That source obviously being the many shoujo manga he had read in his previous life. Without any shame, he adopted the mannerisms of a character from some random manga in his memories which just so happened to be a prince.

"Apologies my lady, I did not recognize you, the last time I saw you, you were but a child. Now you have become an astonishing young woman."

He cringed internally at his acting, but if there was one thing shoujo manga had taught him, it is that if you wanted to win the favor of a young girl, you had to be handsome and charming; and this was the only way he knew how to act charming. If Berengar wanted this engagement to work, he at least had to make the girl feel like he was interested. It worked like a charm, Adela was fully enamored in Berengar's handsome appearance and charming act. She had completely forgotten the fury she felt not long ago when Berengar failed to recognize her.

Ludwig watching the cheap romantic display struggled to contain his laughter while observing the boy's performance. Luckily for Berengar, this girl was but a child and could easily fall for such falsities. Though the longer he stood there watching, the more he recognized that he was no longer needed and tapped Berengar on the shoulder.

"You don't need to worry, milord; I can handle the rest of the production myself; why don't you take your girl out for a sandwich."

Berengar gazed at Ludwig with brotherly effection, both men knew that Berengar was more interested in staying and overseeing the production of the steel and slag, but he was limited by his noble obligations. Thus Ludwig gave him a reasonable excuse to leave him behind.

"If you insist, I will leave the matter to you, I thank you for your hard work."

Adela gazed at Berengar with further interest; despite being a Baron's son, he treated the peasants almost as if they were equals. She had never heard of such a thing before. Though most nobles would mock him for such behavior, she found the friendly exchange between the two acquaintances to be quite endearing.

Berengar offered his arm for the young lady to grab onto, which she accepted as the couple walked towards the center of the town with smiles on their faces. During the walk to the sandwich shop Berengar spent the time to say hello to the locals who had passed by, he appeared to be on a first-name basis with many of the commoners, and they, of course, referred to him with the proper respect for his position.

Adela became increasingly curious about Berengar's relationship with the commoners, they did not fear him, nor were they intimidated by his position. Instead, they willingly walked up and chatted with him, and by extension her. She was not used to such a sociable walk; in her father's domain, the peasants stayed out of the Count and his family's way, never making eye contact with them. It was as if she had stepped into a totally different culture.

One woman had even approached the couple and handed Berengar a rose to give to the young lady next to him; All of the commoners could tell by the way Adela was dressed that she was obviously nobility. Due to the way she was clinging to Berengar, they were most likely engaged; because of this, the common folk treated her with the same dignity and heartfelt respect they gave to Berengar, who had spent so much time helping develop the town over the last month.

By the time they reached the Sandwich shop, Berengar had approached a woman in her thirties who was at the counter running the store in her husband's absence. Her name was Helga, and she was the local Baker's wife. She helped her husband run the bakery and the sandwich shop which was co-owned by the local baker and butcher.

She saw Berengar walk through the store entrance with a pretty young girl in hand and smiled at the couple.

"Milord, you honor us with your presence."

Berengar smiled in return and ordered a meal for himself and Adela.

"Helga, two of the usual, please."

Helga immediately got to work as she began to prepare the food, but not before washing her hands; by now, the entire village was aware of Berengar's health habits and had begun to adopt his clean ways. After serving up two sandwiches, each paired with a glass of fresh milk, Berengar paid the woman with a white pfennig which was worth more than the entire meal

"Keep the change,"

he said as he smiled and took the food and glasses over to a table outside the restaurant. Seeing as how it was the middle of spring in the mountains of Austria, the weather was more than acceptable to sit outside and dine.

Adela had not said a word the entire time they were walking; she observed Berengar's behavior which was far from what she expected from the notoriously idle and petty sickly lord. He was nothing like the rumors had said. Clearly, someone was making up lies about him to ruin his reputation. She would never believe that his personality had changed overnight due to a near-death experience.

Being a noble lady of high repute, she was confused about the absence of silverware when dining; how exactly was she going to eat this concoction referred to as a sandwich by the locals. Berengar smiled at her as she intensely stared at the food, the charming smile nearly sent her into another daze.

"What's wrong? You don't like it? You haven't even tried it yet!"

The young lady struggled to find her words as she stared at Berengar's exquisite smiling face. Eventually, she managed to find her tongue.

"There's no silverware..."

Berengar chuckled as he had forgotten about the aversion the nobles had towards the way commoners behaved. Thus he decided to lead by example as he grabbed ahold of the roast chicken sandwich with his hands and bit into it. The look on Adela's face was priceless; it was as if she was looking at a barbarian; there was no way she would stoop to such uncouth behavior.

However, after a few moments of watching Berengar eat the sandwich with a satisfied smile on his face, she could no longer resist the temptation to try the food. As such, she held onto the sandwich with her petite hands and took a small nibble out of it. Which nearly caused Berengar to choke on his food from laughter; this girl was too cute. In a way, she reminded him of a slightly older Henrietta.

The sparkle in Adela's glistening sapphire eyes lit up as she tasted the sandwich; she had never had something like this before. Truth be told, the culinary arts of the medieval age were severely lacking; he had spent great effort teaching the chefs in his castle, as well as the locals, how to make basic dishes from his previous life.

After a while, she noticed Berengar watching her and felt embarrassed. However, she couldn't stop eating the sandwich. Only after she finished the entire thing did she question his gaze

"What are you staring at!?!"

Berengar chuckled slightly; women, no matter what time they're in, are still the same.

"I just thought that you are cute, is all."

Instantly the girl's entire face turned red as his voice was played back in her head repeatedly. She had not expected him to say such a thing. Her brain had practically fried itself thinking about it. Did he have no shame? Though it's not as if she didn't like the compliment. Only after the two of them had finished their meal did Berengar bring up the noble obligations that had to be paid.

"Well, I suppose we should go visit my father so that you can pay your respects. Lord knows he will be outraged by the fact that you entered his territory and failed to pay him respects upon entry."

This snapped the girl out of her trance as she quickly realized she had failed to follow basic noble etiquette. She nearly slapped herself for following her curiosity rather than sticking to the schedule. By the way, Berengar spun it; she might have insulted the Baron's authority by doing so.

The little girl had no way of knowing that Berengar was playing a prank on her. Sure, If it were any other noble who entered his father's dominion and failed to pay respects, the Baron would be furious, but this was his niece and also his son's fiancee. He would easily forgive her for playing around with Berengar upon arrival, especially since that was what her visit concerned in the first place. Sieghard would be happy just knowing the two were getting along.

Nevertheless, the girl began to tremble with fear as she realized the grave sin she had committed; she did not know her uncle well, her mother rarely talked about him. She feared there would be a reprisal for her actions. Seeing the terrified expression on the little girl's face, Berengar grabbed hold of her hand and calmed her down.

"Hey, there's no need to be so afraid; I was only joking. My father won't be mad at you for spending the day with me. Trust me; even if he is angry, I will take the blame. Considering I was the one who dragged you to lunch."

The little girl wiped away the tears that had been forming in her gentle sapphire eyes and sniffled slightly.

"R.. Really?"

Berengar nodded; maybe he shouldn't play jokes like this on children. After all, noble obligations and etiquette were likely a scary thing for a young girl such as her. If she messed up, it could not just affect her well-being but that of her family.

After wiping the tears from her eyes, Adela got up from her seat and asked Berengar.

"Well, what are we waiting for?"

Afterward, the betrothed couple headed towards the Castle, her retinue of knights closely following from a distance. They knew if they had followed their young lady so closely on her first date, she would be furious; as such, they stayed behind, keeping an eye on her safety from a close enough distance that if trouble showed itself, they could fulfill their duty. Of course, that would never happen in a town that celebrated Berengar as a pillar of the community and not just the Baron's son.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14: A Fine Evening
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar entered the Castle's Grand hall while holding Adela's hand; her cheeks were flushed with embarrassment the entire time as she hid slightly behind Berengar's back, gazing up at him from behind. She had not expected the day to play out like this. Nevertheless, she was glad it did. She would be beside herself if Berengar had truly been as the rumors painted him.

Sitting upon the seat of power of the realm was Baron Sieghard von Kufstein who had a stern expression on his face. He was not expecting his niece's visit until tomorrow, yet here she was standing before him. These complicated things, he would undoubtedly need to throw a feast this evening to welcome a young lady of her position into his lowly territory. Sieghard was no fool, and he knew why his Brother-in-Law, the Count of Steiermark, had offered this proposal. Despite the Counts hidden intentions, looking down upon Adela, and how she behaved, he could already tell that this was a good match.

When the Baron's cold gaze landed upon Adela, she shivered slightly, which did not go unnoticed. However, with a supporting gesture from Berengar, she fulfilled her noble obligations as she bowed before her Uncle greeting him with respect. After all, it has been quite some time since she last saw the man.

"Lady Adela von Graz expresses her gratitude for providing hospitality during her visit."

Berengar bowed before his father as well; despite being the old man's son, he still had to show respect for his father's position. Sitting next to Sieghard was his wife Gisela who had a much more warm expression on her face than her husband's. She thoroughly examined her daughter-in-law to be. Though she felt as if Adela was a bit young, the mature Baroness still nodded with approval; The girl was truly a young woman befitting her beloved son. Deep down, she felt bad for Lambert, whose fiancee was an entitled and sadistic brat who gained pleasure from humiliating the young boy; such behavior had evolved from the brat's unearned sense of superiority. It would undoubtedly be a rough marriage for Gisela's second son. However, the feeling she gained from Adela's behavior gave the doting mother much confidence in her firstborn's future happiness.

Truth be told, Berengar would much rather be out working on his plans for the future of industry and agriculture. However, building ties to the nobility was of dire importance to his current diplomatic strategy. He may be safe while in his own territory due to the protection provided by the people. Yet, if he were to travel beyond the borders of Kufstein, he may find himself plotted against by his brother's allies. Getting on good terms to his betrothed, whose father was a mighty Count, provided him with a level of security necessary to deter those of a similar position.

Sieghard carefully observed the relationship between his son and niece. Apparently, the two had spent some time together this afternoon. Though it spat in the face of common etiquette, he could forgive the young girl for getting tied up with Berengar. Recently his son had an aura of charisma that he severely lacked before. The boy seemed to be far more sociable than in the past. Truly Sieghard did not know what inspired the recent changes in his son's behavior, but he was grateful for whatever caused it. Now, if only Berengar could get along with the local nobility as he did with the commoners.

Despite the girl's lack of manners, the old Baron would still address the matter as he wanted to gauge the girl's character. After clearing his throat, Sieghard narrowed his eyes at the young girl. While standing up from his seat of power, he began to speak in a stern voice.

"It seems you and my son are already acquainted. Tell me, is this why you did not immediately come and pay respects to me, the sovereign of this land?"

Adela immediately flinched upon hearing her Uncle's words and looked over at Berengar for help. The minute she did so, Sieghard pounded his fist on the armrest of the chair while his voice raised to a new height.

"Don't look away from me while I'm talking to you! Answer the question."

Tears began to form in the young girl's eyes which she quickly wiped away, sniffling while she responded to the Baron's request.

"I'm s... sorry I didn't m... mean to."

Seeing the expression on the poor girl's face, Berengar could no longer put up with his father's test. He grabbed ahold of Adela and dragged her into his arms while chastising his father.

"Father, don't you think that tone of yours is a bit rude? After all, if anyone is to blame, it is me; I was the one who took her out to lunch before meeting you."

The young girl looked up at Berengar with a sense of warmth in her sapphire eyes; the tears were still streaming down her doll-like face. She was slightly surprised that Berengar had stuck to his word and protected her from his father's wrath. Until now, there had been a slight hint of suspicion in her heart that he was putting on a facade and that deep down, he really was an idle wastrel like the rumors had said, even if he had become healthy. In the end, Berengar really was as he presented himself. This was true for the most part; despite putting on a charming act based on a generic shoujo character, he more or less spoke from the heart, and his actions around the town had been completely genuine.

Upon seeing his son stand up for the girl he was betrothed to, Sieghard's stern expression turned into a warm smile as he attempted to placate the girl and his son.

"I'm sorry, Adela, I was quite rude. I only wanted to gauge your character; I hope you can forgive me."

The young girl wiped the tears from her eyes which had finally begun to dry, and swallowed her excess saliva. She had slowly begun to understand why the Baron had tested her that way. Clearly, the loving parents wanted to know if Adela would deflect the responsibility onto their son or not. Even though Berengar took the blame himself, if she had thrust the responsibility on his shoulders before he could do so, it would have been an enormous act of disrespect to Berengar and his father. Evidently, Sieghard and his wife were very protective of their eldest son.

After regaining her dignified appearance, the young lady accepted her Uncle's apology with grace.

"There's nothing to apologize for, dear Uncle; you were merely protecting your son and heir."

After she said that, the smiles on Sieghard and Gisela's faces improved. Further, this young lady was much better wife material than the bitch they had sold their second son to. In a few months Lambert would be married, and his fate would be sealed. However, there was nothing they could do about it; refusing their liege because they disapproved of his daughter was an unwise play. If the relationship between those two could improve relations between their two houses, then so be it. For whatever reason, Lambert did not seem to mind the abuse he suffered at the hands of his fiancee.

Sieghard stood up from his seat and approached Adela, and greeted her with open arms. "Welcome to my humble house; I hope you find your stay to be acceptable."

Knowing that the girl was from a wealthy family, the lowly Baron could not possibly believe that she would be being pleased with the humble lodgings of his domain. He had no way of knowing that the young girl had already fallen in love with the quaint old town where the locals were so friendly, and the culinary culture was unique. Adela was a big fan of the sandwich she had tasted earlier. By the time she dined at the feast in the evening, she would never want to leave the humble Baron's domain.

For now, though, the family engaged in small talk, getting caught up on the past few years. Adela was especially interested in how Berengar transitioned from a feeble, idle, and petty young lord to the man he was today. When she found out that the miraculous transformation only began a month ago, she could not believe her ears. Did the man before her seriously spring up after a near-death experience? If Berengar had not confirmed it himself, she would have never believed her aunt and uncle.

Eventually, the table was set, and the feast had begun. Adela sat next to Berengar, who sat in his usual place at the table. The only family member who was missing was Lambert, which did not go unnoticed by Adela. When she heard he was visiting his fiancee, she was shocked by the coincidence. She never expected both of the von Kufstein sons to be out with their fiancees simultaneously. Nevertheless, her thoughts towards the missing son disappeared when she smelled the aroma of the food set upon the table by servants.

Adela had never seen such extravagant cuisine before. Berengar had instructed the chefs to go to all out on their new recipes. Schnitzel, spaetzle, wurst, rouladen, sauerbraten, all the staples of German cuisine from Berengar's previous world, were presented on the table. All except one, the one in which Berengar desired as a side dish to his jaeger schnitzel most of all... potato pancakes. Curse his fate for being thrust into this world a century too early for the discovery of potatoes! That is what Berengar initially thought to himself as he lamented their absence from his favorite dishes. Still, he was glad to be alive. He swore to himself that when he became wealthy, he would hire an exploratory fleet to discover the new world and bring him back potatoes. Screw the Aztecs and their massive gold reserves; he needed potatoes!

While his family had become accustomed to eating such treasures over the past month, Adela's eyes were lit with ecstasy as she tasted the gourmet cuisine for the first time in her life. No matter what, when she finally returned home, she had to bring these recipes back with her for her father's cooking staff! Though she was ecstatic about the delightful food, she still ate with the grace and civility expected of a young lady in her position.

After delighting upon the food for the evening, the family finally went their separate ways; Henrietta was tasked with taking Adela to her room. The young girl also insisted on her future sister-in-law taking a bath before she went to bed. At first, the young lady refused as she did not see a reason, but the persistence of a girl younger than herself was not something she could escape. After bathing together in awkward silence, Adela finally got to her room where she could rest. As she lay down on her stomach and hugged her pillow in a baby blue nightgown, she could not help but think about Berengar's actions throughout the day. The girl fell to sleep shortly after with a loving smile on her face.

Berengar, on the other hand, was burning the midnight oil, hard at work in his room drafting up plans for the expansion of the mines. There was also another matter in which he wanted to address as quickly as possible—the textile industry. Unlike Adela, he was not thinking about the day he had; instead, the young man thought about his plans for the family's territory. Eventually, after drafting up several documents, and blueprints Berengar snuffed out the oil lamp, which provided illumination, and fell to sleep; the only thoughts on his mind were about the wonderful meal he had during the evening and the complete and total lack of potato pancakes! The young lord had no way of knowing that Adela had already fallen head over heels for him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15: Unimaginable Wealth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When the light of dawn rose upon the fertile valley, once more Berengar had awoken to begin his daily exercise. Just because he was now a healthy young man did not mean he did not have to maintain said health. He began his routine with a series of pushups, situps, squats, and pull-ups. The exercise equipment he had specially ordered had arrived long ago and was kept firmly in the corner of his large stone room. As such, he could accomplish most of his objectives without leaving the comfort and safety of his own personal space. Nowadays, only his daily run was outside the confines of his bedroom. It was a truly efficient use of time and space.

Once Berengar had finished his daily exercise, the first course of action he took was that of his morning bath; the young lord refused to spend the day covered in his own sweat. Though by now, everyone in the castle was aware of his bathing habits. It could practically be said that during the thirty minutes before breakfast, the bathroom was reserved for Berengar.

The young lord was especially excited about today's bath. For you see, almost a month ago, after Berengar had convinced the family to begin bathing regularly, he realized the need for a more refined bathing area. As such, he successfully managed to convince his father to break ground on a grand project. During this past month, constant construction had been going on in the corner of the Castle, where a private bathhouse was constructed within the castle walls. Today was the first day after its completion.

As Berengar entered the new bathroom, he noticed there were three separate chambers for the large room. The first area was the dressing room, where the occupant would dress and undress. The second room was the lavatory, in case one needed to use it during bath time; the third area was the actual room where the bathing occurred. A large circular stone bath was fitted in the center of the room and was heated to nearly 100 degrees Fahrenheit. This was not just a bath; it was practically a hot tub. Berengar spent a good fifteen minutes soaking his stress away in the large bath in which he could practically swim before finally getting out. Afterward, he dried himself off with a towel and went to the dressing room, where he properly dressed. It was only after he was fully clothed that he decided to style his hair the way he preferred it.

After confirming his appearance in the mirror, he left the newly designed bathhouse and headed for the dining room, where he met his family and fiancee for breakfast. As he snacked on his favorite breakfast sandwich, he looked over at Adela, who had another ecstatic smile on her face; it would appear that she had fallen in love with the food in this small Barony. When she noticed Berengar's gaze, she covered her mouth with her napkin as her cheeks flushed. Though before she could speak, Berengar had shifted his attention to his parents.

"Father, Mother, I must say the new bathhouse is excellent; it was truly a worthy investment."

When Sieghard heard the word investment, he nearly had a heart attack, that bathhouse cost him a fortune; how would he ever recover from such an expensive luxury. He could not believe he allowed his son to convince him to purchase it. It would take some time for the family to recover from the amount they had spent on the commission. Or so he thought, the old Baron was completely unaware how much steel had been amassed within the past twenty-four hours. Practically all the iron ore that had been stockpiled in the Barony was converted to steel ingots overnight. Berengar only had plans to sell a few tonnes of it. The rest would be used as the basis for his industrial vision.

When Berengar saw the painful expression his father made, he was quite concerned.

"Father, you look ill. Are you alright?"

After recovering, Sieghard glared at his son; he swore he would never forgive the boy for the financial loss he took commissioning that thing.

"I'm fine; it's just that the bath you so thoroughly enjoyed this morning cost us a fortune to build. I don't know how we will recover"

Berengar did not even take note of his father's words. At first, he merely bit into a slice of his breakfast sausage nonchalantly. It was only after he realized what his father had said that he began to laugh. Which only caused Sieghard's enraged gaze to intensify; the man's face was practically boiling in rage.

"Is poverty a laughing matter to you, Berengar?"

Adela had not heard the conversation; she was too busy enjoying her food. However, what Berengar said next immediately grabbed her attention.

"Oh, father, if you knew how many pure steel ingots were sitting in our warehouse right now, you would never say such a thing. At this point, we are sitting on enough wealth to buy the County!"

Though Berengar's claims might have been a slight exaggeration, it was by no means a lie. They had significant wealth in terms of raw steel. There were currently two counts trying to marry into the von Kufstein family and place their potential sons-in-law on the seat of power explicitly because they were aware of how much iron ore the region had available.

Hell, Adela's father was willing to sacrifice his daughter's happiness and marry her to a lazy, petty, sickly wastrel to get a claim to those resources. If the two Counts had known that Berengar had turned the Barony's current stockpile of iron ore into pure steel ingots overnight, they would be tempted to invade the Barony and seize the wealth for themselves.

Sieghard's jaw practically dropped to the floor as he heard this news. He had not been following his son's industrial and agricultural ventures too carefully. In his opinion, Berengar's claims were too wild to believe. However, he did have experts confirm there would be no downside in adopting the various ideas. So he decided to take a gamble and see if anything would come of it. If what Berengar had said was true, then there were dozens of tonnes of steel sitting in his warehouse right now waiting to be sold or processed. The old Baron could hardly believe his ears.

Adela was equally shocked; she knew her father wanted the iron mines of Kufstein. She was well aware of her father's intentions to use her to get Berengar, the son and heir, to hand them over to her family when he became Baron, but now her fiancee claimed he had turned a warehouse full of iron ore into steel ingots overnight. She was equally in disbelief as Sieghard. If this were true, she would have to write to her father and convince him to change his plans for the future.

Only Henrietta had a calm expression as she had no idea what any of this information meant for her or her family. Instead, she was excited to hear the new bath was finally complete. The little girl had an urge to run away from the table and take a bath this instant, though she refrained herself from such unladylike behavior.

Berengar could not stop chuckling. Did his father seriously think that he would coerce him into spending the family's life savings on a private bathhouse with no plan to recuperate their losses? What they would gain from selling a fraction of the steel would be enough to fill their coffers and invest in the mining industry. What steel remained would be used to start a new age of industry.

After all, steel was an important component of his plans for Barony-wide irrigation. Let alone the innovations to other fields of agriculture like the steel plow, combine harvester, the grain elevator, etc. These were all inventions he had planned to make in due time, but they needed a large amount of steel to implement on a Realm-wide scale.

The young lord estimated that the Barony's fields would be filled with early forms of mechanized agriculture within a year or two. Which would allow for far fewer farmers, and in turn, create more tradesmen who would be used to fuel his fledgling industry. For now, his focus was on creating steel pipes for irrigation. As long as he had the four-field system, irrigation, and phosphate fertilizer used on every farm, this year's harvest was sure to be massive.

Sieghard could hardly believe what he was hearing; he decided to excuse himself from the breakfast and immediately check with Ludwig about the details. He had to see the stockpile of steel with his own eyes to believe it.

"Apologies, my loving family, but it appears I have some serious business I must attend to. I will see you all at dinner."

Afterward, the Baron left the dining hall and rushed to the storehouse, keeping the iron ore. Sieghard would spend the rest of the day having Ludwig walk him through the process and explain Berengar's ideas for how best to make use of such a vast quantity of steel.

As Sieghard left the dining hall, Adela recovered from her shock and decided to ask Berengar a question of dire importance to her family's plans.

"Berengar... What exactly is it that you plan to do with so much steel?"

Berengar smiled at the young girl sitting next to him and patted her head affectionately. He knew why her father had proposed their marriage, and he was not about to give away the key to his family's success.

"First, I intend to sell a portion of the ingots, and use the profits to fill our coffers, and invest in the mining industry to increase industrial productivity. As for the steel that remains afterward, I intend to use it to implement a system of realm-wide irrigation to improve the efficiency of our agricultural production."

The young lady had no idea what irrigation was or how it affected agriculture, but it appeared Berengar's ambitions were purely domestic. He had no desire to build a large army and conquer other regions. He merely wanted to increase profits and crop yields. After listening to the Count's ambitions of becoming the Duke of Austria her entire life, she felt greatly relieved that her future husband was not a power-hungry madman like her father.

Instead, everything Berengar desired was to increase the quality of life and economic productivity of the people he would one day rule over. She had never before met a single nobleman who was content with his lot in life; everyone she had ever met, including the men in her family, all desired more than what they currently had. Berengar was different; he was fine with being a lowly Baron, as long as his Barony was the most advanced region in the world and could defend their sovereignty.

She knew now it was best to convince her father to abandon the idea of taking over the mineral rights of the region, as Berengar would put the resources to far better use than her father would. She needed to convince her father to negotiate with Berengar, and Sieghard for that matter, on a fair price for the steel they have already produced. After all, her father would not be satisfied without the iron or steel required to equip his armies.

Though the matter was of great importance, she felt like spending the rest of the afternoon with Berengar, who had his schedule open due to his father taking up Ludwig's time. As such, the two took a walk across the town and conversed with the common folk. The second time around, Adela was far more social with the villagers, who began to recognize her as their future Baroness. It was not until dinner when the two had returned from their second date and entered the Castle's gates.

Though Berengar was anxious about getting his designs to Ludwig and introduce irrigation as soon as possible, he felt as if a day or two of rest was needed every now and then. Afterall, he never expected his time with Adela to be so delightful. Adela also treasured the time she spent with Berengar. She felt as if she was dreaming, for the last two days had been so peaceful and filled with joy—something she was not accustomed to under the yoke of her father's tyranny. After dining with her soon-to-be in-laws, she retired to the new bathhouse, where she finally understood Berengar's habit of bathing twice a day. As the day's accumulation washed away from her flawless skin, she sat in the bath thinking about her recent date with Berengar.

It was not until a half-hour later when she came out of the bath and saw Berengar at the doorway entrance. Though she was fully dressed in her nightgown, her hair was let down and still wet, and for some reason, this caused her great embarrassment. Thus she fled back to the room she currently occupied, avoiding Berengar's gaze the entire time. It was only after the door was safely latched behind her that she calmed down and realized she still needed to write the letter to her father.

She spent the remainder of her waking hours writing the letter. What was initially planned to be a request to purchase the steel at a fair price turned into a letter from a young girl gushing about her crush. Only the very end of the letter remotely resembled her initial intentions. As if she hastily added it on after she had written everything on her mind about Berengar. Shortly after its completion, she handed it off to one of her knights and ordered him to deliver the letter to her father as soon as possible. As soon as the task was complete, she returned to her bed-chamber, where she fell asleep with a satisfied smile on her face.

Berengar, on the other hand, had spent the remainder of his time bathing and drafting up blueprints for some of his agricultural designs. Though it would be a while before they could be fully implemented, it was best to have the designs drafted as soon as possible. His only regret about today was that he had failed to deliver his designs on irrigation to Ludwig. It did not matter, for he could always do so tomorrow. After all, at least Adela was happy. After finishing his work for the day, Berengar snuffed out the light of his oil lamp and crawled into bed, where he rested comfortably on his feather mattress for the rest of the night. Tomorrow was an important day in his plans for agricultural advancement.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16: Harsh Mistress
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lambert lied shirtless, bound, and prostrate on the floor of his fiancee's bed-chamber. A peerless beauty with a flawless heart-shaped face and silky strawberry blonde hair cascading down her shoulders gazed coldly at her foolish fiance with her sky blue eyes. She was currently in the process of punishing. Her foot pressed his head down into the cold stone floor while her left hand carried a curled whip. Her heavenly bust heaved as she sighed in disappointment at the news of failure in which Lambert had brought her.

Linde von Habsburg was the eldest daughter of Count Lothar von Habsburg, head of House von Habsburg-Innsbruck which was a cadet branch of House von Habsburg whose main branch were the rulers of the Duchy of Austria. She was sixteen this year and was renowned across the duchy as one of the three heavenly beauties of Austria.

However, looks were often deceiving; personality-wise, Linde was secretly a sadistic bitch known among a select few as a young woman who broke her toys easily. Yes, her toys, that was how she referred to her suitors, many of which had come and gone over the years as they could not endure the physical and mental abuse which she took pleasure in inflicting upon them. Lambert was just the newest arrival, and though her father had supported his proposal, she did not personally recognize it.

An intense gaze stared down upon the teenage boy lying prostrate before her as she raised her whip and struck his back; a large cut appeared as it made contact with his flesh. Lambert desperately attempted not to let a painful cry escape his lips; however, he could not resist screaming in agony after another two lashes. Which only further enraged the dominatrix, who pressed his head further into the cold stone floor with the heel of her foot.

If Lambert gazed up, he would be able to clearly see the beautiful girl's embroidered white silk panties that lie beneath her sinful baby blue nightgown, which had been purposely designed to show off the girl's immaculate curves. However, it would only further provoke his fiancee if he did so, something he would do his best to avoid.

After venting her frustration on the youth's body, she sighed heavily and lowered the whip before bringing Lambert's face up to meet her own vicious glare. Tears streamed from the boy's eyes as she chastised him for his weakness.

"It looks like frailty runs in your family; how pathetic..."

The girl got up from the bed and kicked Lambert back down to the ground as she sat on his back, using him as a stool for her to rest on.

"You're useless; you know that?"

After hearing about Lambert's attempt on his elder brother's life which failed spectacularly, she was in a particularly foul mood. Exactly how hard was it to poison a sickly and frail man to death? Somehow not only did Lambert's attempt fail, but it inspired Berengar to get his act together and began the process of becoming healthy. By now, The young lord had overcome his childhood infirmity, thus ruining her and her father's plans.

The news was even worse as they found out that the Count of Steiermark had engaged his third and youngest daughter to Berengar, thus giving them a greater stake in Kufstein's rich iron reserves. If they could not remove Berengar within the next few years and place Lambert as the sole heir to the Barony, then this engagement was entirely useless for the Counts of Tyrol.

Lambert struggled to endure the weight of his fiancee, who sat atop his back. Nevertheless, he managed as she continued to scold him. Though at the moment, she was more speaking to herself than anything else.

"If you want something done right, you've got to do it yourself..."

The heavenly beauty saw her toy gazing up at her and looked at him with disgust. She grabbed ahold of the handle of her whip and shoved it in the boy's mouth, forcing his head away with a violent thrust.

"Do not set your filthy gaze upon me, wastrel! You have not earned that right!"

Lambert averted his gaze as he forced himself to ask the question on his mind.

"Apologies, mistress, I was just curious about what you said. What is your plan exactly?"

A wicked grin appeared across the immaculate visage of the sinister beauty as she gazed down at her favorite toy, sending chills down his spine.

"Isn't it obvious? I'm going to go back to your home and seduce your brother; then, after he is on his knees begging, I will end his life. Clearly, you can't be trusted to do this simple task yourself."

Lambert felt conflicted after hearing such words; his fiancee was going to seduce his brother? Even after enduring all this abuse, Lambert had not even been able to sleep with her yet! The lustful teenage boy was extremely envious of his older brother at the current moment, but as he thought about the pain he was currently facing, his mind shifted to joy instead. If she was like this with her fiancee, how cruel would she be to Berengar when she finally got him on his knees?

Without awaiting her fiance's approval, Linde called out in an authoritative tone.

"Hanz!"

Immediately the door to the bed-chamber swung open, and a young knight clad in full plated armor with a sword slung around his waist entered the room and knelt before the Young Lady, evidently he was well accustomed to the sight before him, as not a hint of surprise could be seen from his expression.

"Yes, my lady?"

Linde sat atop Lambert's back with her arms crossed and an indifferent expression. She did not care for someone as low as a knight. As the privileged daughter of a Count, she even considered Barons to be nothing more than elevated trash, let alone a common knight.

"Get my shit packed; I'm going to Kufstein."

Hanz would never disobey an order from the young lady. He did not want to end up in Lambert's current position. As such, he obeyed her orders, despite it being a menial task unbefitting of a knight. He was well aware that a servant was a servant in the eyes of the harsh mistress, and there was nothing he could do about that.

"Your will is my command!"

afterward, the knight quickly left the room and went to manage the task set before him. It would be a matter of hours before she set forth on the road to Kufstein with a retinue of knights to protect her and her current boy toy in tow.

...

Meanwhile, in Kufstein, Berengar had just finished his daily breakfast and set forth on the task to begin constructing his irrigation system, which was based on a system used in his previous life commonly referred to as wheel line irrigation. In his previous life, this irrigation system provided water to vast fields across the entirety of the United States of America. With this system in place, the Barony of Kufstein would efficiently water their many crops without the need for several farmers to water them by hand. Eventually, this would allow for fewer farmers while utilizing larger plots of land for growing crops.

When Berengar entered the industrial district, he saw his friend and partner in the steel industry, Ludwig, currently overseeing steel production. When the old man noticed the young lord approach, he bowed respectfully.

"Milord, it is wonderful to see you; I have been awaiting your instructions on what to do with all this fine steel we have amassed!"

Berengar smiled and mocked his friend in a jestful manner

"Oh? I thought my father visited you yesterday. Did the Baron not have any plans for the resources of his domain?"

Ludwig scratched his head with an awkward smile on his face as he led Berengar over to the storehouse which currently contained all of the steel, briefly summarizing his discussion with the young lord's father the day prior.

"Ultimately, I managed to convince him to let you manage the steel business. He was so shocked by the amount of steel in our stockpile that he had no idea what to do with it all!"

Berengar chuckled; if he were in his father's position, he would be a bit overwhelmed as well.

"A wise move, we'll sell between 3-5 tonnes of it, I am certain that in these uncertain times, there is bound to be a buyer for that much steel."

Ludwig scratched his beard while entertaining the thought

"What about the rest?"

Berengar had a look of excitement in his eyes as he stretched out the blueprints for his irrigation system. Though it looked complicated at first glance, Ludwig quickly realized the ingenious nature of the design.

"This is for watering crops?"

The old man asked, almost in disbelief that such a thing could exist. Berengar nodded in affirmation of the statement and looked off into the distant fields of Kufstein with a determined expression on his face.

"Imagine it, all of our fields supplied with water through this system, not a single patch of land unquenched."

Ludwig looked off into the fields, which were filled with farmers slowly watering their crops by hand. He could envision the future quite well, but a concern instantly entered his mind.

"Won't that put a lot of farmers out of work?"

Berengar smiled at Ludwig and grabbed ahold of his shoulder

"Out of the fields and into the factories! Of course, they will be properly compensated for their labor."

After hearing the extent of Berengar's thought process, Ludwig could not help but share in the feeling of excitement that these blueprints had generated. Truly Berengar had a mind like no other. The fact that he had used the word "factories" proved that the young lord's ambitions for the steel industry did not end with this one factory they had just built. Ludwig was slowly starting to piece together Berengar's concept of an industrialized society. The more designs the young lord showed him, the more his understanding of the world changed.

After chatting a bit more about his plans, Berengar finally allowed Ludwig to work on the irrigation system. It would take a while to produce it, but he figured it could be done in a matter of months. At most, in half a year, the fields of Kufstein would be properly irrigated, ushering in a new age of agriculture. By then, he hoped to have some of his mechanized inventions in production, like the combine harvester, seeder, as well as the steel plow.

Now that he had accomplished his plans for the day Berengar returned to the Castle, it was about time he began making preparations to befriend the local nobility. As such, he went back to his room and began drafting invitations for the minor lords and knights under his father's vassalage, as well as their families. After all, he had an excuse to host a party, he had recently gotten engaged to a fine young woman, and it was time to throw an official celebration and allow the world to know of his intent to marry her.

Initially, he had reservations about the idea of marrying his cousin; after all, that was not a common thing in his previous life; in American society, it was outright outlawed throughout most of the country. However, Adela proved to be beyond his expectations; he honestly did not have many expectations for the young girl to begin with. At the very least, he figured she would be a noble snob who would chastise him for his friendliness with the commoners. Yet, she proved to be a kind-hearted young girl who thus far had appreciated the culture he had begun to foster in Kufstein. Maybe one day soon, he could share his vision for the future of his domain with her.

Even if something happened and the engagement did not work out, he still needed an excuse to gather his father's vassals, and this was the best one he could come up with. By refusing to show, they would not be insulting him, but his father, the Baron. Something the lesser nobles beneath his rule could very well not afford.

While he was drafting up the letters of invitation, Berengar heard a knock on the door. As such, he placed down his quill into the ink bottle and investigated the disturbance. After opening the door, he was surprised to see Adela with a tray full of snacks and two glasses of milk standing in his doorway. With flushed cheeks, the girl asked what was on her mind.

"Would you like to share a snack with me?"

After seeing the girl's cute expression, Berengar could not find it in good consciousness to decline her offer. Thus he parted from the doorway and led the girl to his desk, where he pulled out another chair and set it up next to his workstation. After placing down the tray of Lebkuchen and Pfeffernuss cookies which the castle's chefs had recently baked for the young lady, Adela spotted the exercise equipment in the corner of Berengar's room. Naturally, she inquired about their use.

"What is that in the corner, back there?"

Berengar did not even need to glance behind him to know what she was referring to; as such, he snacked on a Lebkuchen cookie and reminisced of his mother's baking from his previous life. After getting back to reality, he answered the young girl's question.

"That's exercise equipment; it helps build strength."

The girl had never seen such equipment before, but she immediately lost interest when she heard it was used exercise. As long as she kept her current figure and grew into it properly, she had no desire to do any more exercise than was necessary. Her gemstone-like eyes quickly took notice of the letters in which Berengar was in the process of drafting.

"What are those for?"

Berengar washed down the cookie he had just snagged with a sip of milk before getting back to work on his letters.

"They're invitations for our engagement ceremony. I figured I might as well invite the local nobility to the occasion. After all, I feel they would be more inclined to talk to me with you by my side. Once they get to know the real me, the vicious rumors that have been spread about me will begin to disappear or at the very least replaced with less harmful ones."

Adela looked at Berengar with hearts in her eyes. He was throwing a party to celebrate their engagement? That was completely unheard of and extremely romantic, at least in her eyes. Berengar was aware that traditional engagements from his previous life and the ceremonies that proceeded them would not become a thing for many decades still. However, what he was unaware of was just how much of an effect this party would have in his fiancee's opinion of him. The girl got really excited when she heard he was throwing a party and inviting many nobles; she couldn't wait to see such a splendid occasion.

"So when will this party be taking place?"

Berengar answered without delay as he continued to write the invitation letters.

"About a month or so, I need time to sell some of the steel I have stockpiled to afford the expenses. It won't be a simple affair."

As Berengar realized the expense this party would incur, he figured he might as well sell an extra tonne or two to avoid causing his father unecessary heartache. After all, the man loved to spend his money on luxuries but always felt bad about it afterward.

As such, the couple spent the remainder of the afternoon together enjoying some snacks while discussing the details of the upcoming party. Pleasantly unaware of the storm heading in their direction, taking the form of a sadistic vixen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17: Immoral Temptation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

From the view of the carriage, those dwelling inside could see the Castle of Kufstein in their sights; they had been traveling for nearly a week now and finally arrived at their destination. Inside the luxurious carriage were two individuals in their teenage years—Lambert, and Linde, who had spent the entire journey in silence. Every time Lambert attempted to speak with Linde, he was given a deathly glare and a crack of the whip. Eventually, he decided to mind his own business. The only thing that made the trip bearable was knowing that his brother's life would soon come to an end, and he would be next in line for the title of Baron.

A rider was sent ahead of the caravan to ensure that the von Kufsteins were aware that the Count of Tyrol's daughter was approaching them. This was to avoid any awkwardness that may arise from randomly showing up in another Noble's territory. Even if she was traveling with the son of said noble; it would be a huge slap to the face of Baron Sieghard if she showed up unannounced. However, she did not write ahead out of fear of giving Berengar time to defend himself against her schemes; if what Lambert said was true, the young man had been slightly more cunning than she was led to believe. She blamed the lack of intelligence entirely upon Lambert and his inability to gauge his own brother's cleverness.

If her scheme was to work as planned, she would need to put on an act to entice Berengar into a room alone with her, where she would play with him a bit before ending his life. She wondered what his screams would sound like; would he have the high-pitched tone of his kid brother? or the deep grunts of a man? She was beginning to get aroused, thinking about the pain she would inflict upon her victim.

As the Carriage arrived in the Castle's courtyard, the Baron and his family came to greet the count of Tyrol's daughter. Even Adela had been present to show her respect to Linde's position, a position in which she was equal. Yet when Linde stepped out of the carriage and gazed upon the family, her cheerful facade nearly cracked when she saw that there was no character fitting Berengar's description lined up to greet her. Did this bastard seriously not give her any face? Where could he possibly be? This was outrageous. She was his liege's daughter! She thought about the suffering she would inflict on the feeble man for this slight and managed to keep her facade up as she greeted her hosts.

"Lady Linde von Habsburg thanks you for your hospitality"

Personally, she felt sickened showing any form of respect to the Barons who in her eyes were hardly a step above commoners. Yet, due to her noble obligations, she could not poorly represent her family in front of their vassals.

Sieghard and his family bowed respectfully to their liege's daughter, Adela was the only individual to remain standing, and that was because she was of equal status to Linde and would not lower her head to a peer. Sieghard declared in a voice loud enough for the entire courtyard to hear.

"You honor us with your presence; welcome to our humble abode; we hope you find your stay to be adequate."

Sieghard had said a similar thing to Adela, and Adela seemed to be thoroughly enjoying her stay. Still, like a shrewd man, the old Baron could tell at a single glance that Linde was putting up an act to maintain face and inwardly looked down upon them for their Castle, which was practically destitute compared to the lavish Castle her family dwelled in.

"I'm sure it will be enough."

The strawberry-blonde-haired vixen said in an indifferent tone. She was too preoccupied with being upset over Berengar's absence to be concerned with the inelegant trappings she found herself surrounded with. She could no longer bear the insult and inquired about Berengar's whereabouts.

"Your son tells me he has an elder brother, Tell me, where is he right now? Is he not aware of my arrival?"

And there it was, the uptight, snobbish attitude in which Sieghard and Gisela pitied their second son for having to deal with. If they knew what was going on behind the scenes between the couple, they would never allow the marriage to occur. Unfortunately for everyone involved, they were unaware of Lambert's suffering.

Sieghard had an awkward expression on his face; Berengar had set out early in the morning, saying something about "installing pipes in a field." He truly did not know where his eldest son was at the moment.

"I'm afraid I don't exactly know his whereabouts; he said something about installing pipes in a field and left early in the morning. I apologize on his behalf for his abs..."

Before Sieghard could finish his sentence, a hand was raised in the air cutting him off. Linde was firmly holding her palm face up at him, informing him to be silent.

"No need for an apology; I expect to hear it straight from his mouth when I see him later tonight. I assume he will be home in time for the feast?"

Sieghard had a look of concern on his face; this girl was not easy to please; he had to be sure to lecture Berengar to apologize properly to her later that evening. They could not afford to offend their liege's family. All he could do was agree to her conditions before leading her into the Castle and showing the young lady the lodgings she would be staying at during the duration of her visit.

...

Meanwhile, in Gunther's field, Berengar and the townsfolk quickly installed the first set of irrigation pipes. He had received notice from Ludwig early in the morning that he had finished production on a set of irrigation pipes and had enough to fill up a single field. As such, the young lord had rushed out of his quarters and aided in installing them. He worked side by side with the peasants as they connected the wheel line irrigation system across the field.

After it had been entirely set up, Berengar was given the honors of activating the system; within seconds, water sprinkled from the thin steel wheels, which were stationed every few feet across a long steel pipe that supplied water to the aforementioned wheels.

Cheers echoed across the field as many villagers had gathered to witness Berengar's latest invention, and it did not disappoint. Gunther and his family practically wiped tears from their eyes as they saw the irrigation functioning properly. This meant he did not need to spend nearly as much energy watering his crops every day. This was truly a great day for his family and the village.

After the cheering had settled, Berengar cleared his throat and spoke with an authoritative tone.

"Citizens of Kufstein, I present to you the Wheel Line Irrigation System! Our industrial sector is currently working on producing many of these devices, enough to fill all the fields of our humble domain! I hope this makes your lives easier in the coming days!"

A thunder of applause alongside cheering could be heard all the way to the Castle, and it did not go unnoticed. However, now was not the time to celebrate; the true celebration would come when the harvest came into effect. With all of the recent innovations, it would be an unimaginable yield this year.

After saying his farewells to the villagers, Berengar returned to the castle. He quickly engaged in his nightly bath after dressing in a particularly exquisite black velvet doublet in gold brocade and matching breeches. After all, now that he was engaged, he figured he should dress nicer, even if the attire were a bit too gaudy for his tastes.

However, when he entered the dining room, all eyes were set upon him, something to which he had become accustomed to. However, the glances of Lambert and the stunning woman sitting next to him particularly caught his attention. He had not seen lambert in over half a month; it was no surprise he was acting this way when Berengar's physical transformation had even stunned his family members who witnessed it in full.

Though Berengar did not care in the slightest about his vile brother's opinion, what caught his glance was the heavenly beauty sitting next to Lambert. She had to be the most beautiful young woman he had seen in the entirety of his two lives. Was that Lambert's fiance? He instantly felt envious of his younger brother and thought to himself.

'Fuck what kind of shit luck do I have to get stuck with the 12-year-old cousin when that scheming prick gets an angel like her?"

Meanwhile, Linde had an even stronger reaction to Berengar's appearance. Her heart began to beat rapidly as she saw the suave appearance of the healthy young lord in front of her. He was nowhere near what Lambert had described to her. He was fashionable, he was handsome, and most of all, he was tall, unlike his kid brother.

It took the sadistic vixen all of three seconds to change her scheme from seduction and assassination to seduction and enslavement. Why the hell should she bother with a little twit like Lambert when the heir of the von Kufstein family was the prize catch. If she could make Berengar her slave, she would be the happiest mistress in the world! Sure Lambert was good-looking and had his boyish charms, but he could not compare to Berengar; she was furious that she had been tricked into an engagement to the second son. She began to wonder why she was constantly given misinformation these days.

'Who was the idiot who said that Berengar was a sickly, indolent, wastrel? She would have that fool's tongue cut out for speaking such slander!'

The lustful glances exchanged by Berengar and Linde did not go unnoticed by those who were sitting at the dinner table. Lambert's face was beginning to turn red with fury, while Adela was pouting in silence as she thought to herself.

'Just because she has a large chest, that idiot is practically drooling over her! I won't forgive him for this!'

Finally, Sieghard had enough of the display and grunted in displeasure which woke the two strangers out of their trance.

"Berengar, are you not going to sit down?"

Berengar immediately recovered his calm and sat down and said grace with the family. He almost lost himself there for a second; he needed to remember that this girl was the fiancee of his little brother. Obviously, she was out to get him. If he fell for her charms, he was truly a dead man, something he did not want to repeat so soon after his previous experience with death.

While he was calming himself down, the stunning young woman introduced herself.

"Linda von Habsburg, daughter of Count Lothar von Habsburg, it is a pleasure to meet your acquaintance."

Deep down, the girl could barely keep a straight face without fawning over Berengar; she had acted too cordially; she was never this pleasant with other people, especially of a lower house like this. She, too, had to get a grip, or else she would fall prey to her own scheme.

Berengar had no choice but to introduce himself; he tried to behave himself as he could feel the deathly glare that Adela was giving him from his left side. In the end, he still sounded too flirtatious as he gave Linde his greeting.

"Berengar von Kufstein, son of Sieghard von Kufstein, and heir to the Barony of Kufstein, rest assured the pleasure is all mine."

Linde had no idea why but she coquettishly laughed at his remark. Thus resulting in Henrietta gagging at the display of immoral affection. She would not let this vixen steal both her big brothers! Something had to be done about this situation.

Eventually, the awkward atmosphere faded as the food arrived. Linde had a similar reaction as Adela when she first tasted the fine cuisine presented by the chefs. However, hers was far more exaggerated in an attempt to seduce Berengar. Every time she moaned in ecstasy at the taste, Berengar could feel a battle of wills in his mind. As if the angel and devil on his shoulders were advising him on two different paths. Damn this girl; she was too much of a succubus for a virgin like him to handle.

Seeing as the situation was spiraling, Berengar elected to leave the table before he lost himself to temptation. He excused himself early and headed for the bath. While he was fleeing the scene, Linde smiled wickedly; she had decided she would make this man her slave at any cost. Not a toy like all the previous suitors, but a dedicated slave, someone who would serve her for the rest of her life.

As she watched Berengar's fine behind walk away from her she devised a devious plan to ensnare him; after everyone in the castle had fallen asleep, she would approach Berengar's room with a flagon of wine and two chalices while dressed in her most revealing nightgown. She would persuade him to allow her entry to his bed chambers under the guise of inquiring about his absence earlier in the day. Afterward, she would pour him a drink which would obviously be drugged, not with deadly poison but a powerful aphrodisiac.

When Berengar could no longer contain his lust and pounced at her, she would subdue him and force him to recognize her as his eternal mistress, his owner, his Countess. Then when he had fully submitted, she would help him relieve himself. After a week, maybe even a month of proper training, she would give her chastity to him and swindle him into breaking their betrothals and getting together by faking a pregnancy.

It was the perfect plan, and it was all supposed to go swimmingly. So when it was finally over, all she could ask herself was, 'how did things end up like this?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18: Reversal of Fortune
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Berengar had fled the dining scene, he quickly took a cold bath to calm himself down. He could not fall prey to this temptress's schemes; it would surely mean the death of him. After spending enough time in the bath to cool his bodily reaction, he returned to his room, where he began to draft plans for the steel plow. It was the next step in his irrigation initiative.

He would work well into the night as per usual. Only after midnight had approached was he disturbed from his work by the knocking sound at his door. He was wary; There was only one person who would possibly disturb him at this hour. Linde was here to plot against him. He would not fall for her advances like he had done earlier that evening, or so he thought.

After calming his heart, he approached the door and opened it, where he saw Linde's divine figure in an especially revealing nightgown that should not exist in this time period. Clearly, this was hand-tailored with the purpose of seduction in mind. The gown was baby blue, with white embroidery, and was designed to enhance her natural curves. The femme fatale standing before him wore a seducing smile on her face with a tray that contained two chalices of wine. He could already guess her plot.? Linde's expression turned sultry as she expressed her desire to enter his bed-chambers

"Can I come in? I have something to talk to you about."

Berengar smiled and played along to her games; he had already figured out what she was planning and intended to turn it around on her. As such, he opened the door and allowed the young temptress into his room.

"I don't see why not"

After Linde crossed into the room, she placed the drinks down upon his nightstand and lay down upon his bed, making sure to spread herself out in a way that showed off her perfectly proportioned body in the best way possible. To a virgin like Berengar, a beautiful young seductress like Linde was the most potent weapon. Berengar almost fell for her charms, but he quickly reminded himself that she was sent to eliminate him, and as such, he forced himself out of his trance.

Afterward, he sat down next to her on the bed, where he made sure to sit in a manner that revealed his blueprints upon his desk. Though Linde stared at Berengar's charming appearance with a rising degree of lust, her eyes were quickly drawn to the blueprints, and as such, she swiftly got off the bed and walked over to his desk while inquiring about them.

"What are these?"

While Linde had taken the bait, Berengar switched the drink positions so that this would-be assassin would have a taste of her own medicine. Afterward, he grabbed the non-poisoned drink and took a sip, explaining the nature of his designs in brief detail.

"Just some simple agricultural equipment I have designed; it is really nothing important."

Hearing that it was designed for agriculture, the snobbish noblewoman immediately lost interest and returned to her seat; noticing that Berengar had already taken a drink, a sinister smile spread across her immaculate lips as she sat down and took a sip from her own chalice. Completely unaware that Berengar had switched the drinks.

After she took the first sip, Berengar began to extend the conversation so that she would keep consuming the poisoned wine. As such, he immediately asked about why she had stopped by his quarters.

"So why are you here, alone, so late at night? Do you not know it is inappropriate?"

Linde continued to drink from her wine until the whole cup was empty before answering Berengar's question. However, as she was about to answer his question, she became incredibly dizzy. She could feel her body heat rising, and she struggled to stay sitting on the bed. Despite all of these changes she tried to control herself and answer his questions.

"I just… I…"

The heavenly beauty quickly began to feel her body becoming sensitive, to the point where the breeze from the windows blowing upon her skin raised her arousal. Something was terribly wrong; in her fugue-like state, she slowly realized that she had somehow consumed the drugged wine that she had prepared for Berengar.

Realizing what Berengar had done, Linde grew furious and tried to get up so that she could reprimand him. However, all that she managed to do was fall into Berengar's arms, where he looked at her with confusion. Linde's sensitivity was greatly enhanced by the drugged wine, and by simply being touched, she felt her arousal increase. Her flawless porcelain skin had a great deal of flushing across it while glistening with sweat. Linde was breathing heavily while looking into Berengar's sapphire eyes with a longing expression.

Berengar gulped heavily as he came to a sudden realization. This girl had not attempted to poison him. At least not in a lethal sense, instead she spiked his drink with a powerful aphrodisiac. Just what exactly did this little vixen have in mind for tonight? Realizing that this was finally his opportunity to lose his virginity Berengar quickly began to disrobe; after taking off his shirt, the lust in Linde's body grew to an uncontrollable extent as she gazed upon his well-toned figure.

After removing both of their clothes, Berengar was ready to do the deed. However, he thought of a brilliant plan and managed to control his urges for a few moments before he went in for the kill. As such, a devilish smile appeared across his face as he gazed upon Linde's heavenly figure. Noticing that Berengar was not going through with the act, Linde felt greatly offended and she began to berate him.

"What are you waiting for? Put it in!"

Berengar, on the other hand, shook his head as he grabbed ahold of one of her exquisite breasts; the moment he did, the girl climaxed from the mere touch. The act of which shocked Berengar; he could not believe how powerful the drug she consumed was. Nevertheless, it was not enough to relive the girl of her condition, and as such Beregnar began his interrogation.

"What is Lambert planning by having you do this?"

Though Linde was drugged and in a state of maximum arousal, she still had a strong will and attempted to resist divulging the information. However, after a little more teasing, she began to sing like a songbird.

"He wanted me to seduce you and kill you!"

This answer shocked Berengar. Clearly, this was not a lethal substance; just how exactly did he end up in this scenario. As such, he inquired further about this information.

"So how exactly did you end up like a bitch in heat?"

Linde pursed her lips and began to pout; however, as Berengar further toyed with her body, she quickly divulged her shameful plan.

"The moment I saw you, I knew you were the one!"

Berengar's jaw fell open. Did this girl seriously confess to him? Was this how a confession was supposed to happen? What was he, some Hentai protagonist!?! Nevertheless, he continued to dig for an answer.

"What do you mean by the one?"

By now, Linde was in so much misery from not releasing her pent-up arousal that she no longer had any resistance to Berengar's questions.

"My slave! I have toys, but I have never found a proper slave! I wanted to drug you and force you to submit to me!"

Berengar's head was quickly filled with a variety of images while he contemplated her words. It took him a moment before he realized what kind of girl she was.

'Oh shit! She is a hardcore dominatrix… Wait a second… This is an opportunity!"

A wicked grin spread across Berengar's face as an evil plot filled his head. If he went through with it, there were only two outcomes. One of them most certainly would be his demise, but to have such a divine young woman to himself, was well worth the risk.

Linde could no longer contain herself and began to whimper as she began to plead with Berengar.

"I can not wait any longer; put it in now!"

Berengar shook his head and teased her some more before giving his command

"Beg!"

The shoe was on the other foot now, and he fully intended to take advantage of the situation. Hearing the words she had said countless times before to other men, Linde began to frown, but she was in no condition to negotiate. As such she quickly began to beg.

"Please put it in!"

Berengar shook his head once more and wagged his finger before giving her further instructions.

"Call me master, and you will get what you want."

Linde had grown furious; she would never submit to a man. However, the longer she waited, the more unbearable her situation became, especially as Berengar continued to play with her body. Eventually, she submitted to Berengar and voiced the words he wanted to hear.

"Please put it in me… Master!"

Berengar smiled and nodded as he expressed his agreement with her words

"That's better."

Before Linde could chastise him, Berengar jumped into the fray and claimed his prize. The two would go at it the entire night before Linde was finally relieved from the effects of the drug. After the light of dawn shone upon their naked figures, Berengar noticed a peculiar sight. His white bedsheets were stained with blood, which meant only one thing. However, before he could react, Linde had dug her teeth into his shoulder; it was not a vicious bite intent to harm. Instead, it was more of an affectionate nibble. Nevertheless, Berengar flicked her on the nose and chastised her.

"Bad girl!"

Linde quickly flushed in embarrassment, she was completely ashamed of herself for her actions from the night before, and she quickly put on her nightgown and rushed out of Berengar's room, where she headed for her own quarters. Berengar, on the other hand, was smiling with satisfaction in his own room, where he began to speak to himself aloud.

"Berengar, you finally did it! Hopefully, things won't be too awkward at the breakfast table…."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19: Your Wish is my Command
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Linde fled Berengar's bed chambers, she covered her flushed appearance with her hands; she was so embarrassed she wished she could die. Berengar was far from gentle the night before; he had taken a stern and dominant position, not allowing her control over the situation for a single moment. It greatly wounded her pride as a dominatrix to be pinned down and bred like a bitch in heat. The fact that she had given her virginity to Berengar because she was careless was another point of contention in her mind. Though she had entertained herself by humiliating men through physical displays of dominance in the past, she had never engaged in any sexual activities before. For all her bluster, she was completely inexperienced, until now.

There was only one way she could forget this humiliation, by taking it out on her current toy. She resolved herself to be especially brutal to Lambert later today. She had no desire to inform anyone, especially her father, about her misfortune. If she did, her reputation as a domineering young lady would be completely ruined; after all, she had her chastity taken by a lowly Baron's son; and she could not possibly lose face like that. Instead, she opted to find a way to get vengeance on Berengar herself. Somehow she would find a way to get even. Or so she told herself. The conflicted state of her subconscious thoughts told a different story.

...

Several hours had passed, and Berengar treated the morning like any other; he had to pretend as if nothing happened. The probability of Linde informing anyone of the deed the two had done the night before was slim; as such, the likelihood of her father finding out about it and demanding he takes responsibility was practically non-existent. He understood Linde's type; she would not easily inform others of how she had gotten herself drugged and begged a man of Berengar's position to mate with her. Despite the slim probability, Berengar decided to take several precautions and advance some of the plans he had already been thinking about for some time.

As such, after exercising and bathing, Berengar drafted blueprints for flintlock muskets and 12-pound cannons. He did not have the time or resources to produce rifled muskets at the moment or percussion locks. Such things required advanced machinery and a chemical stockpile of mercury fulminate, which he was far from achieving at the early stages of his development. He did not even have a single court-alchemist in which he could teach the science of chemistry. As such, there was no one to make such a valuable chemical, and he did not have the time to spend wasting his day away on elementary chemistry.

Once his blueprints were finished, he rushed the designs over to Ludwig and informed him to create a batch of 100 flintlock muskets and three 12 pound cannons as quickly as possible. Ludwig was concerned with the anxious expression on Berengar's face and had to ask.

"These designs are centuries ahead of anything I have seen regarding gunpowder... I have to ask, what could we possibly need these for?"

Berengar was a gentleman, or so he liked to think. As such, he would never tell anyone what he and Linde had done the night before. Thus he came up with some excuse to convince Ludwig to start the production of weaponry.

"I plan to start a militia; if anything, Kufstein's defenses are quite lax, and I think it would be wise to invest in such a force. Just keep it on a need-to-know basis; I don't want details about these weapons being leaked."

To Ludwig, this was a logical request. However, the only problem with it was timing. They were currently in the middle of developing irrigation piping, and as such, it would not be easy to switch over to the production of arms. However, he could tell Berengar was adamant about this, and as such, he acquiesced to the young Lord's request.

"I'll divert some resources from the irrigation assembly line to the production of these weapons you have designed. The workers won't know what they're making, so rest assured. "

That's right, due to the many pieces of the irrigation system, Berengar had implemented a rudimentary assembly line system to expedite productivity. Thus as long as nobody was aware of the finished product, except for those who could be trusted with the confidential information, then they could feasibly assemble the weapons in secret and arm a peasant militia with them. Training in basic line tactics and operation of simple yet effective weapons could be achieved much quicker than training a swordsman for war.

Berengar clasped Ludwig on the shoulder and thanked him for his service

"I thank you, my friend, from the bottom of my heart; when the profits come in from the steel ingots, I will be sure to give you a raise!"

Ludwig humbly shook his head as he conversed with the Young Lord.

"No thanks is required; I'm just doing what I must for the realm!"

Berengar released his grip on Ludwig's shoulder and wiped the sweat from his brow

"Alright, I'm needed at the castle; inform me when the weapons are fully manufactured."

Ludwig bowed at Berengar as he departed.

"Of course, milord."

with that, Berengar re-entered the castle grounds and found his way to the dining room, where the family was sitting calmly as if they were completely unaware of Berengar's scandalous activities he had committed the night before. Even Linde seemed to have partially recovered from the debacle and was seated peacefully next to Lambert. It was only when she spotted Berengar did she glare menacingly at him. Sure enough, the young temptress would not bend to his will easily, but that was fine; Berengar would enjoy the process.

After sitting down at the table and eating breakfast with his family and fiancee, he felt the anxiety in the pit of his stomach slowly fade away. However, Linde's cold sky blue eyes never allowed Berengar out of her sight. As if she was watching him, wary that he might try something then and there. However, when she saw Berengar's tranquil expression as he ignored her completely and conversed with his little fiancee as if nothing had happened during the night, she was inwardly outraged.

'This bastard won't even give me the slightest attention after what happened last night! Was it completely meaningless to him? How could he treat me this way? I swear on my ancestor's graves you will bend to my will before the week is done!'

Unknowingly she had bit her lips and crossed her legs as she examined Berengar's loving expression towards Adela with fire and fury in her heart. However, there was something else mixed in with her scorn, was that jealousy she felt? How could she possibly be jealous of that little girl? Clearly, her mind was playing tricks on her. After drinking from her chalice, she nearly choked on it when she realized it was wine, the same flavor of wine that had caused her to lose herself to lust the night before. Despite it being ordinary wine, she began to feel flustered and dizzy, which did not go unnoticed by the others.

Gisela, with ever the watchful eye, inquired with a concerned tone.

"Are you okay, My Lady?"

With flushed cheeks, Linde responded to the curious gazes of the others in the most dignified manner she could.

"I'm afraid I've had too much wine with my breakfast, Lambert can you be a doll and take me to my quarters?"

Lambert tensed up when he heard those words; he was completely unaware that Linde had changed her plot attempting to drug and enslave Berengar last night; he figured she would at least wait a few weeks before she tried to scheme against the man. After being chastised for his failure, he was certain she would be wise about her attempt to assassinate his brother. Clearly, she just wanted to torture her toy some more at the moment. However, he could not decline as the punishment would only be more severe. Thus he left the table with Linde and dragged the heavenly beauty to her quarters; it wasn't until she left the dining room where her wary gaze finally dropped its focus on Berengar.

After entering her room, Linde took out her conflicted emotions on Lambert, who acted as a target for her frustrations. However, what confused Linde most was that she no longer found pleasure in abusing the young boy. Instead, every time she heard the crack of the whip, she could not help but remember the rough treatment she endured the night before, and before long, she found herself aroused by her memories and desiring more. Soon enough, she began to feel a crisis in her identity, a proud dominatrix like herself should not be feeling this way over such memories. Before long, she threw the whip across the room in a fit of rage and screamed at Lambert venting her own conflicted emotions on the poor boy as she did so, instinctively she shouted a set of words designed to hurt him.

"Get the hell out; I don't want to see your ugly face for a long time!"

Lambert was perplexed, the girl had never acted this way before, but after taking her lash multiple times, he bit his tongue and quickly fled the scene while thinking to himself.

'Crazy bitch, you are lucky that you are pretty!'

After Lambert had slammed the door on his way out, Linde latched the lock behind him and crawled up onto her bed as she hugged her knees while staring out the window in deep thought.

'What is happening to me? Why am I suddenly like this?'

Memories of the passionate night she had spent with Berengar filled her head, and the ecstasy she had felt when he had his way with her. She could not help but become incredibly aroused at the thought of being treated in such a way by a strong and domineering man like Berengar.

Lost in her thoughts, Linde suddenly shook her head to get rid of all the unnecessary notions plaguing her mind. She would return tonight, However, this time she would be the one to make him beg! Or so she told herself. Her body was far more honest than her mind.

...

At midnight Berengar suddenly heard a knock at his door again; he smiled as he realized his sinister plans might actually become a reality. As such, he put on a stoic facade and opened the door with an indifferent expression.

"You again? Don't tell me you are here for more?"

Linde had prepared an authoritative statement; she had even come with a plan so that she could whip Berengar into submission and return to her usual self. However, the moment she stared at him in his doorway with a look as if he did not care the slightest about her, something in her mind broke. She could no longer deny the affection she had for the man; maybe he really was the one, but not her slave, maybe he was her master? She shook her head in indignation and resolved herself to stay strong. While thinking such complex thoughts, Berengar noticed the whip in her hands and gazed at her coldly before inquiring about her intentions.

"And just what do you plan to do with that?"

Hearing Berengar's words immediately broke Linde from her trance; she began to breathe heavily as she knelt before Berengar and presented him her whip, which she had previously used to humiliate half a dozen young noblemen. The moment she did so she cursed herself inwardly

'Exactly how is this staying strong?'

Seeing this action, Berengar was shocked; she broke quicker than he thought she would. He waited for a moment for Linde to explain herself, and finally, she said the words he wanted to hear.

"Please punish me, master…."

Linde immediately screamed in agony within the confines of her mind over her mistake, but she could not express it in reality, instead, she slowly followed Berengar and obeyed his commands, like an obedient slave. A wicked grin appeared on Berengar's face; as such, he led the girl into his room and closed his door, where the resulting sound of the whip's crack failed to penetrate the thick stone walls of his quarters. With this action, Linde had confirmed it for herself; a switch was flipped in her brain; she was no longer a sadistic dominatrix but a masochistic slave-girl, and she could not be happier.

After playing with the whip for a bit, Berengar pulled out a set of ropes he had lying around and bound Linde up. The rest of the night, he would enjoy himself to the fullest with her magnificent body. By the time the sun rose, Linde had absconded from his room like a frightened rabbit once more. Though she had begun the process of submission, there was still a great deal of pride in her heart, and it would take a while for her to surrender herself to Berengar fully.

Over the course of the next week, Berengar would spend the time of the day overseeing the production of firearms and cannons, as well as the irrigation system and their slow implementation. He had gotten his father's approval to draft a volunteer militia, which began their training immediately; even though the production of firearms was yet to be completed, the militia recruits could still drill and practice line tactics and undergo mental conditioning to become a cohesive unit which was important on the field of battle. He modeled his militia's training after basic training from the US Army, which he had experienced in his previous life.

He was given full authority of the militia by his father, who saw it as a perfect way for his son to prepare for war and did not think anything else of it in the slightest. As such, the peasants flocked to the ranks of his militia to train in their spare time; after all, who would not want to defend their homes under the leadership of Berengar?

When he was done with his work for the day, he would spend several hours with Adela inside the castle walls, Linde of course; would purposely provoke Berengar in minor ways during his date time with Adela, then she would return to his chambers at night to be discilplined for her actions. She was slowly but surely becoming honest with herself. By the end of the week, her heart and soul had finally submitted to her desires, and by extension, Berengar. As the dawn rose on the first day of the new week, Linde did not flee out of the grasp of Berengar but cuddled closely in his arms, a warm smile on her face as she prodded his chest with her finger.

"So what now, master?"

Berengar looked at her in shock. Did she seriously call him Master of her own free will? Normally she would only call him that when she was aroused, and she was clearly in a very calm state at the moment. As such, he decided to clarify the matter.

"Master?"

He could not help but question the girl. She had a look of confusion on her face as she stared him in the eyes.

"Yes, that's what you wanted me to call you when we're alone. If not, I can call you by whatever it is you desire!"

Berengar could not help but chuckle; he had finally done it. He had taken an enormous gamble, and if he lost, it could easily have cost him his life. Yet, it turned into the greatest gain in the entirety of his two lives. He honestly expected her to hold onto her stubbornness a bit longer, but she was finally a properly broken-in slave. He had no idea what to say to this. In his past life, and his current one, he was a virgin until a week ago. The way he finally lost his V card was not exactly something you would see in a fairy tale. Still, he lost it to the prettiest girl he had ever seen. A week later, she was calling him master? How the hell did he accomplish this?

Apparently, Linde was not the only one who changed significantly during this past week. Berengar had grown more confident, more ambitious, and more reckless. After an entire week of rough and kinky intercourse, the girl was truly and utterly loyal to Berengar and Berengar alone. After thinking about the girl's question for some time in silence, he finally responded.

"Master is the correct term, as for what comes next... I won't lie to you. It will be very dangerous for you, but if you complete it with satisfactory results, I will reward you with whatever you desire."

Light sparkled in Linde's eyes when she heard the last part of Berengar's sentence as she grabbed ahold of his hand.

"Anything for you, master!"

Berengar chuckled, and puller her in close, and whispered in her ear.

"I want you to spy on your father and my brother for me..."

He expected her to show some resistance; after all, her training had only gone on for a week, but instead, there was no hesitation in her voice while she returned the whisper as she breathed into his ear.

"Your wish is my command."

With that said, Berengar had gained the most valuable ally in his war of intrigue against his brother Lambert and the Count of Tyrol. They would not become aware that every plot they came up with to conspire against Berengar was secretly leaked to him by the most trusted member of their inner circle until it was too late. Though he would not know it now, one day, Linde would become the director of Berengar's extensive spy network and his personal concubine. A relationship in which a dynasty would be built upon...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20: Raising an Army
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun rose in the clear blue sky above and shone through the open window of the Berengar's bed-chamber. Illuminating the scene of Berengar cuddling intimately with Linde. It would not be for many more hours before the rest of the Castle awoke and began clambering about. As such, Berengar spent the time playing with his new slave and asking her many of his queries. Some he already knew the answer to and was merely testing her loyalty. When she honestly answered all of his questions, he was satisfied with the results of her training.

Now that he had begun to trust her loyalty, Berengar had a peculiar interest in a rumor he heard recently. As the daughter of the Count of Tyrol, which was a region dominated by the Habsburg family and bordered the territory of the Duchy of Bavaria, Linde was in a much better position to gather intelligence than Berengar was. He was curious if she was aware of the inner workings of the royal court of Germany.

Though the title King of Germany and its sovereign territory still existed at this point, it was far from what you would call a unified Kingdom. Currently, the Duke of Luxembourg held the title King of Germany, though, over the centuries, the title had passed through many families' hands. Berengar had heard rumors about the Kingdom facing a succession crisis; when the current King died, there was a high possibility of internal conflict. Yet, he had no details about what was happening at the highest court of his country. However, Linde might know the details. Thus Berengar decided to see what she knew about it.

"Is it true the Kingdom is on the brink of civil war?"

Linda looked up at him with a concerned expression and thought to herself

'Is the Baron and his family not aware of the current calamity that looms over the kingdom?'

Having fully accepted Berengar as her master, she would not hide anything from the young lord; whatever he wanted to know as long as she knew an answer, she would unhesitantly give it to him.

"Of course! Why do you think my father is so interested in Kufstein's iron reserves? He wants to build an army second to none for the upcoming war."

Berengar narrowed his eyes at the attractive girl currently pressing her bare chest into his own as she clung to him.

"What exactly does he need such a powerful army for?"

A gorgeous smile appeared across the peerless beauty's face as she swiped the bangs of her strawberry blonde hair out of her eyes. She stared at Berengar with her sky blue pupils expecting a reward for her answer.

"He wants to become the Duke of Austria; when the main family presses its claim to the throne, he will turn on them and seize Vienna as his own."

Berengar patted the girl's head softly as if she were a pet and complimented her.

"Good girl! What else can you tell me about the current succession crisis?"

Linde could not stop smiling as Berengar stroked her red-gold hair with his firm but loving hand; she had no idea that being complimented by a master was so satisfying. She began to question why she had wasted her time as a dominatrix when being the slave felt so much more rewarding.

"Currently, the King of Germany is a feeble old man with no rightful heirs. He fathered no sons and only one daughter in his lifetime. The current claimants to the throne are his Nephew, the legitimized bastard son of the King's younger brother, who recently passed. The problem is, even if he is a legitimized bastard, he's still a bastard, and few people support his claim to the throne."

Berengar nodded at the information; this was valuable intel. He decided to reward the girl by playing with her well-endowed chest. Which startled Linde at first, but her face quickly became flushed as she closed her eyes, enjoying the treatment. However, after Berengar stopped, she realized he was waiting for her to finish her analysis.

"The second claimant to the throne is the Duke of Bavaria; his claim essentially relies on the fact that before the House von Luxembourg took over, his House the von Wittelsbachs were the Monarchs."

The divine seductress stopped her sentence after explaining the second claimant to the throne of Germany; she clearly wanted to be rewarded for each piece of information. Feeling the intel she provided was worth it, and in good faith, Berengar decided to indulge her as he pressed his lips against her own and twirled their tongues together for a few seconds before releasing. If she wanted to go any further, she would have to finish providing her report.

Taking the hint, Linde quickly revealed the last bit of information she knew about the ongoing fight for the throne.

"Lastly, there's the Duke of Austria; he married the current King's only daughter and wants to install his teenage son as King of Germany; as you know, my family is merely a Cadet Branch of the von Habsburgs who rule Austria. Thus my father plans to betray them when they march on Munich and seize the Duchy for himself."

Linde immediately blushed upon revealing the last of her knowledge regarding the current political situation the kingdom was facing. Clearly expecting Berengar to finish what he started with her. However, the next statement that came from Berengar's mouth immediately triggered the discipline he had brutally installed in the young woman over the past week.

A wicked smile appeared across Berengar's face as he saw the girl eying him up, waiting for him to conquer her. He wanted to see how far she had been conditioned at this point. As such, he gave a command in the most authoritative voice he could muster.

"Beg..."

The face of the youthful enchantress immediately became beet red as she followed his command and got on her knees spreading her lower lips for Berengar to see in all of its splendor.

"Please.... reward me, master!"

Berengar could contain his lust no longer and spent the remainder of the morning enjoying his new toy to the fullest extent. One could say that the activities they engaged in for the next hour and a half could be considered his morning exercise for the day. It was not until their bodies were filled with sweat that Berengar finally emerged from his room. Linde was instructed to wait until the coast was clear before she rushed back to her room down the hall from his. Once Berengar verified the absence of others, Linde subtly snuck back to her quarters as if the two of them spending the night together had never occurred.

Shortly thereafter, Linde had closed the door behind her, and Berengar's expression sank to one of deep concern as he thought to himself.

'It looks like I'm going to have to further my recruitment efforts...'

His next choice of action was to enter the bath and wash off the sweat that had accumulated across his body throughout the night and early morning. Having completed his bath and gotten dressed, he exited the private bathhouse his family had built and entered the dining room, where the rest of his family was waiting for him.

Including Linde and Adela, who were sitting opposite each other across the table. Adela was not pleased with the buxom beauty in front of her; over the past week, this strawberry-blonde-haired bimbo had interrupted all of her dates with Berengar and purposely attempted to provoke him. What could be the reason for Linde to have a conflict with Berengar? Unless, of course, she was acting on Lambert's behalf.

Were the two brothers really so estranged that Lambert had to send his fiancee to instigate strife? Adela had begun to realize something the rest of Berengar's family was blissfully unaware of with only basic conjecture. There was a war of intrigue going on between the two siblings over the inheritance. The more she thought of it as a possibility, the more it began to make sense to her. She decided that she would have to ask Berengar about it later when she had the chance.

When Berengar sat down at the table next to Adela, he could feel the intense gaze of envy coming from Linde and began to question whether this slave of his had any sense of self-restraint. He instantly gave the unrivaled bombshell a glare signaling for her to act normal; if the rest of his family caught on to their current relationship, it would not end well for the two of them.

Once more, Berengar entertained breakfast with his family; nothing of importance happened. Lambert completely believed that his fiancee still intended on assassinating his older brother and was trying to seduce him. He did not have the slightest clue that the girl of his dreams had been completely stolen from him right under his nose by his elder brother.

After having a pleasant meal free of discord, Berengar departed from the castle and entered the field where his militia was being trained to use firearms and cannons. Their numbers had grown to approximately 250 over the past week, and despite there not being enough muskets and 12 pounders to go around, there had been a great deal of progress in their training. Berengar seriously needed to sell the steel stockpile as soon as possible to get the mines running at full capacity. It would be essential to surviving the upcoming war.

A few veteran men-at-arms belonging to Sieghard's standing army snickered at the pathetic peasants training with their hand cannons. They foolishly mistook the sophisticated musket capable of penetrating a knight's full plate with ease as the primitive firearm currently in use in a few feudal armies. If they had known that the invention of the musket ushered in the end of the era of Knights and men-at-arms like themselves, they would be filled with despair.

Each musket was issued its own socket bayonet, a technology that eliminated the need for pikeman and swordsman. The pike and shot era never had a chance to come to fruition the moment Julian was reincarnated as Berengar. It was not until the 12-pound cannon made a display that the veteran soldiers began to feel a sense of worry at the arms in use by the peasants.

The 12-pound cannon Berengar had designed was based on the 19th-century smoothbore Canon busier de 12 or more commonly known in English-speaking circles as the 1857 12-pounder Napoleon, named after Napoleon III who commissioned it in the 19th century. This cannon was light enough to be towed by horses and used as a field gun but fired a heavy enough round to be used effectively in sieges during the era it was designed for. It was capable of firing shell, shot, or solid ball. Judging by the lack of chemical industry, it currently only utilized ball and canister shots.

The primary differences between this piece of artillery and the one used extensively during the American civil war were that it was made out of pure steel, thus making it more robust than its bronze counterpart and that it did not utilize the more advanced friction primer to activate the firing sequence. As was pointed out earlier, Berengar had no chemical manufacturing process right now, and thus the complex chemical sequence needed to manufacture friction primers was unavailable. Instead, the cannon utilized the older vent primer and linstock to fire the cannon. It was a slower and less reliable process, but it was still used for centuries before the friction primer was invented, and it was the best option Berengar currently had.

When the cannons simultaneously roared and fired off rounds of canister shot at the straw targets, which were placed at roughly 400 yards away from the guns, the Men-at-Arms who were previously mocking the peasant militia nearly lost their minds. Hundreds of straw dummies were shredded apart by the canister shot provided by the three cannons. As veterans of multiple wars, they had never witnessed such a destructive weapon before and could hardly believe their eyes.

Berengar watched his militia form ranks and fired the muskets in their possession effectively. He could not wait until his militia could qualify as a true army. Despite being unarmored, the 250 man militia would soon be capable of providing a line of defense for the secluded mountain Barony against its potential enemies. Berengar wanted to armor them in munitions grade half-plate but could not get the approval. His father would never waste the production of armor on what he deemed to be mere peasant levies. If the peasant militia found themselves facing muskets, the armor would be practically useless. However, against armies equipped with bows, crossbows, and hand cannons, the armor Berengar had in mind was more than capable of defending against such threats.

Munitions grade plate was an invention that would normally be invented in the next century; unlike current plate armor designs; it was not hand fitted to the individual. Instead, it was mass-produced with the intent of equipping common soldiers. Berengar would never supply his father's forces with the technology he created, they did not answer to him, and he felt as if his father would carelessly hand over the weapons for reverse engineering to his lieges. As such, he had to play down how effective the weapons really were when in discussions with his father.

After aiding in the training of his militia, he returned to the Castle where he saw Adela waiting for him outside his bed-chamber with a letter in her hand. Naturally, his interest was sparked, and as such, he opened his door and allowed the young girl inside.

"You have something you want to tell me?"

Adela nodded with a pure smile on her face as she handed the letter to Berengar; it was from her father and concerned about purchasing the steel ingots lying in his storehouse. Berengar was extremely delighted when he saw the price offered and had no reason to negotiate; it was well above what he considered a fair price. Evidently, the Count of Steiermark was also preparing for war. Berengar was so excited by the news that he picked the young belle up in the air and kissed her on the cheek, which instantly caused her to blush. However, before she could protest, Berengar placed her down and patted her head.

"You just made me a delighted young man! I haven't even found a potential buyer yet, and you have already done the work for me!"

Linde may have the appearance of a goddess and was the perfect slave, but she was far from wife material. On the other hand, Adela played that role perfectly, and Berengar was confident that she, too, would be as gorgeous as Linde one day. Berengar was completely satisfied with his romantic side of life, all he needed was two girls by his side, any more, and it would become a hassle. He had no desire to become another shitty harem protagonist.

Berengar spent the rest of the evening walking around the courtyard with Adela; lately, he had been too preoccupied with training Linde, and he could not afford to neglect the relationship with his future wife. After a long evening of walking and enjoying the sunset, The two finally parted ways when the sun went down. She was still too young to be involved in Berengar's nightlife. Luckily he had a properly aged beauty who would do whatever he asked waiting for him in his bed-chamber when he returned. The master and slave spent another night enjoying each other's warmth, and the rest of the family was none the wiser.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21: Forming a Battalion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It had been over a week since Linde first arrived, and as far as Lambert knew she still had not made an attempt at Berengar's life. In fact, aside from the first night where she flirted with Berengar at dinner, she had made no effort to seduce him afterward. Worse yet, she had actively impeded her attempts to do so by deliberately provoking Berengar when the young lord spent time with his fiancee. Lambert could not begin to comprehend the thought process of that crazy bitch he called his mistress.

Lambert was not a slow kid by any means; he was beginning to piece together that something was not right; after all, Linde had not abused him since the second day of her visit. During that time, she was extremely unstable and forced him out of her room while insulting his appearance. Though he did not enjoy the treatment he received from Linde, the fact that she no longer engaged in such brutality meant one thing, she had completely lost interest in her toy, but why? Why would the girl who sadistically took pleasure in his pain until just a week ago; change her attitude completely overnight. Unless something happened the night of her arrival?

The more he thought about his beautiful fiancee's odd behavior, the more he realized that something was going on with her; he just could not quite find out what. He would have no choice but to politely interrogate her when the two were alone. There was still a deep internal fear of the young maiden who had caused many scars upon Lambert's body and heart.

Currently, Lambert was sitting across from his older brother at the dining table, who chatted with his 12-year-old fiancee about the delicacy sitting on the table before them. The family was dining upon German Pancakes; Lambert had no idea where these culinary inventions were coming from. Nevertheless, he thoroughly enjoyed the food that had recently appeared on their tables.

Suddenly Lambert could hear his father's stern voice question Berengar; the contents of the which shocked Lambert.

"So Berengar, my son. I hear you have equipped your militia with hand cannons? Do you believe this to believe a wise choice?"

Berengar nodded his head at his father's words as he snacked on a piece of breakfast sausage.

"Of course, father, learning archery or the sword takes an extended period of time to gain the proficiency necessary to be useful on the battlefield. Hand cannons are simple weapons that the peasant forces can effectively use as a line of defense. Their effective range is quite poor, so they're better suited to defensive positions."

Berengar had intentionally not corrected his father about the true nature or efficiency of the muskets. If he had done so, his weapons undoubtedly would be confiscated, and the technology leaked to his enemies as such, Berengar emphasized their defensive ability, but not offense.

Sieghard still had many questions about the weapons used by Berengar's militia, they were not ordinary hand cannons and artillery, but he trusted his son's word, as such when he heard they were defensive in use, he lost interest in the muskets; they were best suited to a local militia after all. However, the cannons, on the other hand, he had heard remarkable things about and needed to know if they could be used efficiently in the field.

"What about those cannons they're using? I heard they have the remarkable ability to fire many balls at once?"

Berengar had already prepared an answer for his father; seeing as cannons of the time were mainly static weapons used in sieges, he decided to lie about the mobility of his 12 pounder cannons and highlight that they were exactly the opposite.

"A strictly defensive weapon, have you seen the size of my designs? They are far too large and far too heavy to be used effectively on the field or even during a siege. They're best suited to be mounted on the Castle's walls and used as a means of defending our home from any potential threat."

At first, Lambert was concerned about such sophisticated weapons falling into the hands of Berngar and his peasant rabble. Still, when he heard his brother say they were entirely defensive in nature he had no desire to report such useless products to his partner in crime, Count Lothar of Tyrol. The Count needed weapons of war, not weapons of defense. Little did Lambert know that this was all a ploy by Berengar to keep his revolutionary designs as confidential as possible. The likelihood of Lambert or Sieghard having the desire to test the weapons themselves was virtually zero.

Eventually, the Baron lost interest in the topic as he heard their use was solely for defending their territory; it appears Berengar was truly content with his position as a Baron's heir and had no loftier ambitions than that. Something in which Sieghard could agree with, minor noblemen like themselves had no place getting involved in the affairs of the great families.

The Baron decided he would leave the peasant militia Berengar had founded as defenders of his family's territory should he ever be called to war again in his lifetime; after all, according to his son, they were practically useless in an offensive manner.

Only Berengar was aware of how efficient his forces would become on the field of battle, during a siege, engaging in guerilla warfare, and especially defense. Yet, he would never inform anyone of their effective capacity to do so; only when his forces were truly needed would Berengar display the overwhelming power of steel and shot to this feudal world.

After finishing breakfast, the family dispersed, and Lambert found time to approach Linde about her recent behavior, something he would utterly regret doing. Berengar had already given her orders to maintain her relationship with Lambert; she would continue to abuse, punish, and degrade him, though she could not sleep with him, nor did she desire to. When Lambert approached the young temptress and grabbed ahold of her wrist, she instinctively slapped him in the face; her flawless sky blue eyes contained the fire of a woman's rage as she scolded her toy for touching her perfect skin without her approval. The sound of the slap could be heard throughout the courtyard, which briefly drew the attention of the servants working nearby.

"How dare you touch me without my permission. Who do you think you are?"

Linde was furious, and it was not just a facade; only her master could touch her without her consent. Though she no longer held her previous sadistic personality, she was still ordered to abuse the boy, and as such, she would do as her master had commanded. The violent slap left a red handprint on Lambert's face. Now, this was the mistress he knew and lusted after. The truth is that Lambert despised Linde's personality, but he could not help but forgive her many transgressions, for, in his eyes, she was the incarnation of physical perfection. Some men would do anything to please a beautiful woman, and Lambert was one of them. As such, he kneeled before her and apologized.

"I'm sorry, mistress, I did not mean to offend; I just wanted to inquire about your progress with Berengar."

Linde kept a calm facade. However, she was internally furious that this little punk wanted to assassinate her master. Nevertheless, she had to put her feelings aside and play the part; after all, Berengar had tasked her with spying on Lambert and her Father; he even promised her a reward if she did so successfully.

"I have not found the ability to be alone with him; he is very wary of my actions and is always around others when I approach him. He's far more cunning than you give him credit for."

Lambert felt his heart stinging. Did this bitch seriously compliment his accursed brother? She had never done such a thing for him! This was outrageous, but he could not deny the fact that recently his brother had become quite cunning. It would not surprise him if Berengar had become aware of his plot to use Linde to assassinate him. Eventually, Lambert decided to ask Linde for her plans; after all, she was the one who insisted on getting rid of his brother herself.

"So, what exactly is your plan to deal with him?"

Linde looked at Lambert as if he was a pitiful fool before giving her a response.

"I will keep approaching him as I have been and improve my attempts at seduction, but if he keeps avoiding being alone with me, we will eventually just have to face the potential reality that your brother is too crafty to be caught in a honeypot."

A strong frown appeared across Lambert's face as he heard Linde compliment Berengar once more. It seemed she had begun to admire her prey for avoiding her womanly wiles for so long. Lambert began to wonder if there was something wrong with Berengar's head, how could a hot-blooded male in the prime of his youth possibly fail to be seduced by a goddess-like Linde? He started to suspect Berengar was a lolicon based upon how he acted towards Adela. If that were the case, it would explain how his brother showed no outward interest towards Linde as the days went on. Only on that first night was there any semblance of lust in Berengar's gaze towards the immaculate young woman.

As Lambert was deep in thought, he fled an iron grip on his shoulder and a wicked smile from Linde as she whispered in his ear.

"More importantly, it seems to me that you have gotten unruly after going undisciplined for so long. It appears I will have to teach you a proper lesson for your sins."

Immediately Lambert's expressions sank as all the doubts he had about Linde's recent behavior were washed away at that moment. How could he be so foolish as to believe the sadistic dominatrix had changed her colors so easily? It only became apparent now that she was testing him throughout the last week. To see if he would behave differently on his home turf. The young boy began to question every decision he had made since he returned home as he was dragged off to Linde's quarters to be punished severely for his actions.

...

Meanwhile, Berengar continued drilling the peasant militia in the fields, which was increasing in numbers by the day; the magnificent weapons Berengar displayed had attracted the attention of the common population. Those who had survived the battlefield previously as peasant levies could see the age of knights coming to an end as they witnessed the volley fire being followed by an organized bayonet charge which Berengar had commanded his troops to enact as they stabbed their bayonets into the straw dummies.

The commander gazed at his troops respectfully; with each day, they were progressing closer to a true army. Ludwig had worked overtime to produce enough arms to keep up with the growing demands of the militia. In the last day alone, they received 50 recruits, making their numbers stand at a firm 300. This was practically half the size of his father's army during a time of war. After all, As a Baron, Sieghard could call upon his vassals to mobilize troops of their own so that he may add their forces to his army.

Without a doubt, he now had a force the size of a small battalion. Though mostly infantry, there were still a total of three cannons, 1 for every 100 infantry. Albeit a small team of men typically operated cannons, so currently, the ratio was not exact, but it would be soon enough. He looked upon his forces as if they were his own beloved sons, knowing that as long as he did so they would stand by him even unto death. By the time the King had passed and the Kingdom of Germany descended into absolute warfare, he would have an army capable of defending his borders from any threat.

After all, the likelihood of Berengar marching to the drums of war himself was slim. Sieghard had a passion for such things, and when his liege called upon him to take up arms, he would surely lead the charge. The question on Berengar's mind was whether or not he could convince his father to appoint him as regent by then. If his plans succeeded, he would wield absolute power in his family's territory for an extended period of time, and he could get many of his more important reformations underway. If his father returned from the conflict alive, he would be welcomed to a completely transformed land.

For now, Berengar had many tasks at hand which included but were not limited to raising an army, installing his irrigation system across the fields, selling the steel stockpile to the Count of Steiermark, investing the profits into the mining industry, as well as gaining the support of the local nobility and their entitled offspring. Truly an ambitious man like himself never had time to rest...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22: A Diamond in the Rough
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After observing and instructing the peasant militia, Berengar returned to the village, for now, their training was done for the day; and the young lord had business to attend to elsewhere. The Baron's son had to say goodbye temporarily to his fiancee, who would be returning to her homeland with ten tonnes of steel. Five more than Berengar had initially estimated. After all, as his plans became more ambitious, his family needed a larger treasury.

Though the count's daughter would not be gone for long, she would return with the transport containing the gold and silver bars which were the promised form of compensation for such a massive stockpile of steel ingots. A small portion of the money gained from the transaction would go towards the engagement ceremony that Berengar had planned; seeing as he was far from beginning preparations for it, he had not sent out the invitations yet. Due to unforeseen circumstances, primarily involving Linde's arrival and the things that occurred afterward. Berengar was far behind schedule on preparing for the party he had promised Adela. Currently, it was his notable lack of funds that hindered his progress in that regard.

After arriving at the Castle, the young Lord approached his fiancee, whose retinue of knights were loading the steel ingots into the convoy which Berengar had prepared for her. He trusted her to keep her father's side of the bargain intact. The cute girl who was at the cusp of her teenage years played with her twintails as she waited patiently for Berengar to arrive; when she finally spotted him, she dashed over into his arms and embraced him firmly. She had grown quite fond of her fiance since their initial meeting. After several moments had passed, the young girl let go of her hold over her betrothed and pouted.

"Are you sure you can't come with me?"

Berengar chuckled as he patted her silky golden hair; with such a reaction, he truly wished he could travel with her to the girl's ancestral homeland, but alas, he could not. The young lord had many preparations that needed to be made, and unfortunately, he did not have the spare time to go on a brief vacation with his future wife. He spoke from the bottom of the heart as he smiled endearingly at her.

"I wish I could, yet unfortunately, there are many matters I must attend to here. But fret not; you will be back in no time."

He tried to assure the young girl that they would not be separated long, as he too had grown quite fond of his young cousin. However, the real trial would be their long-term separation after the engagement ceremony was over, and she was forced to return home. It was not as if she could stay in his family's lands until their wedding. That would not be proper. Truthfully, she had already stayed longer than what was considered acceptable in the eyes of society. It was supposed to be a short meeting of a matter of days, yet she had been in her fiance's lands for weeks already.

The young girl eventually stopped pouting after hearing Berengar's words and smiled at him gratefully as she said in a hushed tone.

"Come closer. I want to tell you something."

Berengar thought nothing of it and leaned over so that he matched the girl's height. She quickly pecked him on the cheek with her full lips and whispered in his ear.

"I'll miss you."

Afterward, Berengar stared at her in disbelief; he did not think she had the nerve to do such a thing; as he stared at the young lady, her face became increasingly flushed until the point where she covered her face with her hands and rushed off into her carriage. Berengar instinctively placed his hand on the cheek where she had kissed him as he thought to himself.

'This girl is just too cute.'

As his thoughts began to shift back to the wonderful memories he had made with the Count's daughter over the past weeks; the convoy began to ride off into the distance, leaving Berengar standing alone in the courtyard as the sunset came to a close. It was only after he could no longer see the carriage which contained his fiancee that Berengar decided to walk back inside and take a bath.

Berengar sat in the large circular stone pool, the hot water soothing his milky white skin as he washed away the stress accumulated throughout the day. He was completely unaware of the creaking of the door and the sound of footsteps approaching. It was not until he felt the soft and bouncy mounds of his lover press against the back of his neck that he realized someone had intruded on his private time. The girl covered his eyes with her hands from behind as she asked in a playful tone.

"Guess who?"

Berengar chuckled as he grabbed ahold of the dainty hands and pulled the buxom beauty into the bath with him. Linde was not expecting such behavior and screamed as she splashed into the hot water, her alabaster skin instantly reddening as the heat began to affect her complexion. After climbing into the young lord's lap and pressing her chest against his, she looked at him while pouting.

"You got my hair wet!"

Berengar wrapped his arms around the girl and kissed her; only after a minute had gone by did he break away from her enticing lips.

"It's the bath, of course; your hair is going to get wet."

The young temptress continued to pout as Berengar lectured her, but he paid it no mind. Initially, he was worried somebody might have spotted her sneak in here; after all, people were still wide awake at this hour and roaming across the castle, and thus he could not help but inquire about the girl's recklessness.

"Did anyone see you enter here?"

She shook her head as she buried it into Berengar's shoulder. Afterward, she pecked him on the opposite cheek that Adela had left her mark and expressed the concerns that were on her mind.

"There, now there's no more space for another girl to mark her claim!"

The young lord nearly broke out in laughter as he heard such a childish remark from the young woman who had just a week prior boldly tried to seduce and enslave him. Was she jealous of his relationship with Adela? This would not do. Clearly, he had to discipline her further...

As such, he spent an unusually long and energetic bath with the naked bombshell who lay next to him. It would not be for close to an hour before the couple retreated from the confines of the bathhouse and entered Berengar's chambers where the real fun began. He spent an entire night further training his slave; after all, her jealousy was unbefitting of a proper slave. It was not her place to question whether or not her master spent time with another woman.

By the time the sun rose, the couple was well and truly exhausted. Berengar began to regret his decisions in life as he knew there was still a matter of lifting weights to attend to. Though intercourse was great for cardio, it was far from enough to increase his muscle mass further. After sending his lover back to her chambers, he spent the rest of the morning getting in his old exercise routine, which he had been slacking on lately. It did not surprise him that it took him longer than usual to complete his sets after an entire night of lovemaking.

He would need to fit power naps into his schedule if he continued to behave in this manner at night. Nevertheless, he had plenty of work to do, so after his exercise for the day was concluded, as well as the morning bath, he had once more dined with his family. The meal was uneventful and mainly included small talk. Afterward, Berengar returned to the fledgling industrial district where he checked on the progress of the irrigation pipes. Things were going smoothly, and truthfully all he had to do at this point was wait for production to be complete.

His workforce was already stretched thin on the production of arms, munitions, and irrigation piping; at this point, there was no way for him to increase their workload to produce more designs. It was not until the irrigation piping was finished that he would see more peasants enter the industrial sector. After all, with the innovation fully fielded, there was no longer a need for so many farmers to water their crops by hand, and they would need a new occupation. Most would be delegated to the mines, while others would be working in the factories.

It was not a glamorous life, but they would be paid a fair wage under Berengar's management and be allotted a proper forty-hour workweek with paid vacation time and sick days. It was best not to overwork your employees; if you were foolish enough to do so, you would see decreased productivity. These were lessons that could only be learned through experience; luckily for Berengar, he had the history of 21st century America and the lessons it could teach in the back of his mind thanks to the memories of Julian.

It seemed that for now, his days would be primarily filled with overseeing the training of his volunteer militia. At least until Adela returned with the fortune, he had obtained for his family through his many efforts. If at all possible, he would request a small portion of the profits for himself to purchase some land to grow flax on. With the inventions that dwelled within his mind, he could produce a flourishing textile industry with time and introduce the fashion of the renaissance to his population, which he vastly preferred over the garments currently in fashion. Anything leftover could be sold for a fair price to the neighboring regions.

These were all plans for the near future; for now, nothing of significance could be achieved without the wealth to invest in it, which he severely lacked at the moment, though within a few weeks, that would no longer be a concern. He supposed he should enjoy the spare time he had available to him at the moment, but for some reason, if he did not fill his schedule with meaningful and productive activities, he felt like an idle wastrel.

After checking on the progress of his industrial sector, he returned to the peasant militia, which was currently going over basic formations. Berengar had specifically chosen some veterans from the peasant population who had served in previous wars as levies to act as the officer class. They had true experience in the horrors of war. After being personally educated in line infantry tactics by Berengar himself, they had begun to form their own ranks.

Of course, Berengar oversaw the daily training in tactics as much as possible to correct any errors; after all, these were revolutionary strategies and tactics in which had never been seen before. As such, he needed to lead the growth of his unit personally. His second in command was actually a knight-errant who had chosen to settle in Kufstein and laze about after many years of war. If one were to compare his situation to feudal Japan, he was essentially a ronin. A member of the military class whose lord had perished in battle, and with it his prosperity and land rights.

The knight-errant named Eckhard von Hallstatt had lived in Kufstein for nearly five years and essentially lived as a beggar and a drunkard during that duration. It was not until he saw the militia and its unique weaponry and tactics that he decided to clean up his act and make something of his life. He had a keen eye for strategy and tactics, and unlike the other knights and men at arms in Kufstein, he was intelligent enough to realize that Berengar's militia was the future of warfare.

As an old and grizzled veteran Eckhard had many insights to which he could contribute. He had approached Berengar earlier in the week and offered the young lord his own rusty sword in fealty. After hearing the old veteran's story, Berengar appointed him Major of the Battalion and his right-hand man. Berengar had spent many hours of the night writing a military treatise on his vision of the future of warfare and the necessary strategies, tactics, and logistics to conduct it. Eckhard had practically treated this text as a holy book, and the more he read about Berengar's vision, the more he believed the young lord to be a military genius. Though Berengar was by no means a military genius, as a long-time veteran of various strategy games set in numerous eras and a graduate of Westpoint academy, he could confidently say his skills were at the very least advanced for the time period.

Eckhard did not disappoint Berengar's expectations; the man in his mid-forties had quickly grasped everything he was taught and was not simply following the book but effectively improvising when it was called for. If anything, Eckhard was the true military genius. It was a pity that his previous lord did not recognize the knight's talents in strategy and instead sent him to fight on the front lines. As far as Berengar could tell, it was likely to be a factor in the foolish lord's death. Truly Eckhard was a diamond in the rough.

Though the militia was entirely volunteer-based, they still received pay for their training and activity. Essentially they would act in a fashion similar to America's National Guard in Berengar's previous life. The men who comprised its ranks would go through basic and specialized training, and after they had complete it, they would be normal civilians who would meet up on weekends to continue their training. The primary difference is that Berengar wanted his militia training every weekend instead of just once a month. In a time of need, they would be called upon to fulfill their duty and be held to the same standards as a professional force, with the same penalties for desertion or other crimes.

Berengar treated the men of his militia exceptionally well. He supplied them with proper meals during their training, and soon he would give them proper uniforms. Once his textile industry was up and running, the men would be outfitted in the attire of the Landsnchekts of the 16th century from Berengar's previous life. The young lord was beginning to develop a flamboyant fashion sense, much like his father. For now, the volunteer militia still wore their everyday ensemble, which, truth be told, was not very professional.

After guiding the battalion's training for the day, Berengar departed back to the castle where he intended to spend the rest of his waking hours drafting the plans for his soon-to-be textile industry. Time waited for no man, and soon he would acquire the funds to make his dream a reality. Thus he had to work hard and not be tempted by any worldly desires. Of course, after several hours of drafting blueprints Berengar heard a knock on his door and could not resist the temptation to play with his favorite toy for the remainder of the night.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23: A New Plot is Hatched
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days had passed without any major occurrence. Berengar had found himself getting dreadfully bored as his work schedule appeared to have come to a halt. Due to the trustworthy and competent people he had placed in implementing his innovations, he had recently acquired an asinine amount of free time. If Adela were still within the confines of his family's territory, then he would currently be enjoying her company. Unfortunately, she would not return to Kufstein for a few weeks. As such, Berengar recently found himself training in the art of swordsmanship with his personal retainer Eckhard. The two men were currently sparring with a pair of wooden arming swords. In which Eckhard was thoroughly beating the young lord who had never picked up a sword until a few days ago.

Swordsmanship was an art that took many years to master, and unlike the flintlock musket required a great deal of physical strength, stamina, and finesse to become adequate. Despite its age coming to an end, Berengar still felt it a necessity to learn how to properly wield a sword. After all, as an officer leading the army that he was creating it was only proper for him to wield a sword and pistol. Though the more he trained in the sword, the more he realized he would probably break the tradition from his old world and just use a musket.

At the moment Berengar found himself parrying the oncoming wooden sword currently wielded by Eckhard before unleashing a counterattack of his own. However, just when he was about to land his strike, Eckhard dodged in the nick of time and followed up with a thrust of his own pointing the blade directly at Berengar's neck. Seeing that all was lost Berengar fully surrendered to his instructor

"I yield."

With that said The middle-aged man retracted his sword with a smile on his face and placed it back with the others.

"You're a quick learner, and you have the potential to become a competent swordsman. It's just a shame that its era will be coming to an end so soon."

Berengar placed his sword alongside Eckhard's as he sighed heavily in response to the Knight's words.

"The true shame is that I was incapable of training with the sword until now."

The middle-aged knight nodded in agreement to Berengar's statement; he had become aware of the difficulties Berengar faced throughout his years, particularly about his health. It was a miracle that he overcame such an illness and became the man he is today. This transformation of body and mind is just another part of Berengar's character, which inspired Eckhard to do his best every day.

After placing away the swords and stripping out of the training gear they currently equipped, the two men walked together back to the fields, which were being used as a training ground for the militia. The men who comprised the militia's ranks had come a long way in a short amount of time, but their training was still incomplete. It would take close to 90 days in total for the militia to be competent enough to act as a proper force; after all these men were learning how to use firearms for the first time in their lives.

Currently, the unit was split up into four infantry companies with 80 men in each. There was also an Artillery battery trained alongside the infantry, though it was not a full-sized battery. At this point, the battery had three 12 pounder cannons and roughly 40 personnel. It was approximately 1/3 the size of a proper artillery battery. Nevertheless, the numbers of the militia grew with each passing day, and a fourth gun was on the way. What he desired at a bare minimum was a small infantry battalion of 400 soldiers and a full-sized artillery battery. So at the very least, 520 men in his militia and 8 cannons. This was something that was actually quite feasible with his current progress. After all, these were not professional soldiers who would have to give up their day jobs.

The quota Berengar had set himself for a bare-bones battalion would soon be met, the most difficult part was the manufacture of the cannons; those would take time. Still, it was not as if the war would break out overnight. Though the King was in poor health, he was not in critical condition at the moment. Despite the fact that he could potentially croak at any moment, the likelihood of the old man dying before Berengar had reached his militia goals was slim.

After overseeing the training of the militia with Eckhard for the afternoon, Berengar returned to the Castle where unbeknownst to him, he found himself being stalked in the shadows. As he passed through the winding corridor of the castle, his pursuer finally revealed herself from the darkness. It was none other than Linde who had a worried expression on her face as she embraced Berengar from behind.

Not expecting such a thing to occur, Berengar instinctively struggled out of the grasp before realizing who had attacked him. Afterward, he calmed down and accepted her tight embrace. Linde whispered in his ear so low that only they could hear the words.

"Your brother is going to make another attempt on your life soon."

Immediately Berengar's expression sank; it was a good thing he had properly trained this girl; here he was walking around carelessly expecting himself to be safe from Lambert's schemes, and yet the boy had already plotted his death. He was immediately intrigued by the information she provided him.

"How does he plan to do it?"

Linde revealed Lambert's secrets without a second of hesitation; she had long since turned on the boy and her father.

"He has grown tired of my attempts to stall him and has impatiently contacted my father for aid. Apparently, Your father is planning a hunting trip; Lambert and my father have arranged for assassins to lie in wait for you in the mountains. They will appear as brigands, but they will secretly be men at arms under my father's command."

Berengar patted the girl's silky strawberry-blonde hair and comforted her. She was aware that Berengar was not much of a fighter and could not defend himself adequately against such a force. As such, she had a distraught expression across her face that soured her natural beauty, and Berengar hated to see such a thing. The young lord grabbed ahold of her chin and kissed her passionately in the empty corridors of the large stone castle. After releasing her, he whispered in her tender ear.

"You don't need to worry so much; I'm stronger than I look."

Linde's cheeks immediately flushed after Berengar had so brazenly kissed her in the middle of the hallway. Sure there was nobody around, but what if somebody nearby had chanced upon them during their little affair. It was a reckless move on his part, but she could not help but feel excited. The thrill of potentially being discovered was something that made her heart race. However, she realized now was not the moment to engage in her desires with her master. Instead, she bowed respectfully to Berengar, who had noticed the complicated expression on the girl's face.

His brain instantly connected the dots as he realized the girl might be developing a new fetish. A wicked smile appeared across the young lord's face as he pushed the exquisite young lady against the wall and began to partake of her flesh. Luckily for him, nobody came nearby as the couple engaged in scandalous behavior openly in the middle of the Castle's corridors. By the time they were finished, the sun had already begun to set, and they realized their absence would soon be noticed; as such, they parted ways until they were capable of meeting up again at dinner.

This time the atmosphere at the dinner table was quite tense, as Lambert eyed Berengar like a hungry wolf, and Berengar sneered inwardly at the boy like an all-seeing owl. Lambert had no way of knowing that his scheme had already been revealed to his most hated brother, who was already concocting a plan to deal with the plot against him. It was not until their father had spoken up that the silence was broken.

"Berengar, my son, now that you are healthy, and fit I think it is about time I take you on a hunting trip; what do you say?"

Berengar had an innocent smile on his face, like a kid at the candy store as he expressed his interest in joining up with his father as they explored the mountains which bordered their family's territory and hunted some wild game.

"Of course, father, that sounds splendid! Now that I eat meat, I can't wait to feel what it is like to dine on the flesh of my own kill."

Despite his innocent facade Berengar was inwardly snickering at his brother Lambert who had bought into the display and expected his plan to function flawlessly. On the other hand, Sieghard had no way of knowing the battle of intrigue that was transpiring at this very moment between his two sons; instead, he felt happy knowing that Berengar was so welcome to the idea. After all, until recently, Berengar was a vegetarian who had a soft spot for animals. To see the boy so excited about hunting truly brought joy to the Baron's heart. He may be getting older, and his son may be an adult now, but the two still had the potential to grow closer.

Lambert was pleased; his brother was falling right into the trap he had prepared. After all, he could no longer sit idly by and allow Linde constantly to fail at seducing his brother. Berengar was either impotent, gay, or a lolicon. That was the conclusion Lambert had come to; if he had known that his gorgeous fiancee he was so proud of had been ravaged openly in the hallway by his brother just an hour earlier, the boy would probably attempt to claim Berengar's life on the spot.

The young lord had no way of knowing that Berengar had planned to bring a rifle to a sword fight. That's right, a rifle; in his spare time over the past few days, he had drawn designs for a barrel boring bench and presented them to Ludwig. This invention would be instrumental to the effectiveness of his army.

Currently, Ludwig was in the process of making a long rifle-style gun that was used effectively by American militias during the revolutionary war in Berengar's previous life. For now, Berengar's militia would be equipped with smoothbores; after all, he really could not reveal the effectiveness of the rifled musket without garnering suspicion about such a design. However, if he were alone and separated from his father in the mountains, he could easily kill the assassins from a distance of 200-300 yards with a long rifle. He may be useless in the sword, but in his past life as Julian, he had earned his expert marksman badge during his tenure in the army.

By the time the hunting trip began, Berengar would be well equipped to deal with the assassins, as long as he spotted them first, that is. If they got close to him for whatever reason, he had specifically designed this rifle to be capable of using a bayonet, something with which he also had ample experience training in. For now, he just had to act like he had no idea what Lambert was scheming behind his back and go along with the ploy. The two brothers had a pleasant conversation with their father about the finer details of hunting and all Berengar should know about it.

It was only after dinner that Berengar returned to his quarters to get some work done. Currently, he was drafting designs or keeping track of ledgers, the usual administrative operations he had been engaging in at night ever since his father gave him jurisdiction over the fledgling industrial sector. When he was not signing documents related to the industry, he oversaw reports of military spending and training. Everything was currently within his budget, and the troops seemed to be progressing well. So there were no immediate concerns he had to deal with there.

It was not until midnight that he heard the knock on his door that he had grown so accustomed to over the last couple of weeks; this girl was voracious; even after having fun in the middle of the day, she still came for more at night. Well, he supposed he should take a break from reports and relieve a little stress. As such, he spent part of the night training his slave before the couple fell asleep in each other's arms. It would not be until the crack of dawn where they awoke from their slumber.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24: It is Not a Hunt if You are Properly Sober
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Over the next few days, Berengar had made preparations for the hunting trip. While also working on the many other tasks he was currently micromanaging. As usual, everything was progressing smoothly, but he could not increase productivity until the irrigation pipes were fully installed and the mines were working at full capacity. Thus it was mainly just basic administrative operations he was forced to oversee every day, which began to take its toll on Berengar, who desperately needed an escape. He was actually looking forward to the hunting trip, as he would enjoy the fresh air of the mountains and take care of some pesky gnats that were conspiring against him.

The day they were set to leave the Castle, Berengar had stopped by Ludwig's shop to pick up his rifle, which should be ready by then. When he walked through the dusty old doors of Ludwig's shack which was now used as office space for the growing industrial district, he noticed the old man cleaning the rifle's barrel before a wide smile spread across his lips.

"So you've taken a liking to my newest design, huh?"

Ludwig quickly snapped to attention as he heard the Young Lord's voice calling out to him.

"Milord, it is brilliant; who knew that by cutting grooves into the barrel, you could stabilize the lead ball's flight through the air, thus achieving a greater degree of accuracy?"

It was a rhetorical question; of course, there was only one mind in this world capable of thinking of such a thing, and that was Berengar's. Ludwig politely handed the rifle over to Berengar in which he thoroughly inspected. When he saw the proof mark on the barrel showing that it had been properly test-fired, a smile crept upon his regal visage.

"Ludwig, you're an artist!"

Berengar said as he looked up and complimented the old man. By now, he had made hundreds of firearms that were used to equip the militia, yet this was the first rifle the man had ever made, and it was a masterpiece.

The rifle was chambered in .58 caliber and fired a minie ball projectile, a lead slug that was far more effective than the current lead balls used by his militia. The mini ball was matched specifically to the rifling so that it stabilized better in its flight. Thus giving it a more effective range than the traditional lead ball. With the overwhelming barrel length of the long rifle, matched with the superior minie ball, he felt as if the practical range of accuracy on this rifle was greater than the 1861 Springfield Rifled Musket used by Union troops in the American Civil War in his previous life. After clasping Ludwig's shoulder, Berengar thanked him for his service.

"You have no idea how much this means to me, my friend."

Ludwig removed Berengar's hand and remained humble

"I'm just doing what I should. Make sure to get some proper use out of this thing on your hunting trip, milord. It would be a pity if you failed to kill anything with such a beautiful weapon."

Berengar smiled at Ludwig and said farewell to his friend; it would be a few days before returning.

"I'll be gone for the next few days; make sure to keep an eye on things around here when I'm gone."

Ludwig chuckled as he parted ways with his friend while reassuring him of his competence.

"You do not need to be afraid, milord; everything will be running smoothly by the time you return."

Afterward, Berengar departed from the shop with a rifle in hand and a belt that contained his bayonet and cartridge holder for his paper cartridges. Today he had dressed in earthly colors, mostly green and brown, so that he may blend in with the environment better. He did not want the assassins who would be waiting for him in the mountains to spot him before he did them. With Linde's warning, he could now successfully stalk the assassins and take them out from hundreds of meters away. The hunted had become the hunter.

Speaking of Linde as he left the shop and rounded a corner in the village a pair of dainty hands reached out and grabbed ahold of his waist, as he felt the familiar softness of Linde's heavenly bust pressed against his back. When he turned around to face her he could see tears in her eyes as she wished him good luck

"Stay safe out there, I don't think I could live without you..."

Berengar nearly laughed at her remark, her training was going wonderfully, she was now a properly broken-in slave who would never betray him. After observing her angelic face with was covered in tears he reached out his index finger and wiped them from her sky blue eyes with his finger before kissing her farewell.

"I know"

is all the young lord said as he walked away from his lover with a confident stride; slinging the rifle on his back as he did so.

Berengar eventually regrouped with his father and a small host of men to accompany them. Their journey would be a long one, and thus they needed men to carry supplies with them. Berengar found that he had slung the rifle over his shoulder; a leather sling was attached to the steel sling points that hung beneath the rifle's stock. After many miles of hiking, Berengar was thankful to whoever came up with such an idea in his previous life. It made long marches far more bearable, and today he had hiked many miles into the mountains.

The sun had begun to set, and as such, Berengar's servants had set up the encampment for them. They had finally reached a wooded portion of the mountains, his father's favorite hunting spot. It had been a long while since Sieghard had last been here, and he took a moment to enjoy the scenery before passing a wineskin to his son was currently cradling his rifle like it was a newborn babe.

"Drink; it is not a hunt if you are properly sober."

Though Berengar wanted to keep his mind sober as he knew there was a dastardly plot to end his life nearby, he couldn't very well refuse his father. So he took a swig from the wineskin and wiped his lips with his sleeve before returning it to his father.

Sieghard could not understand his son's fascination with hand cannons; it was hardly a proper tool for hunting. Yet the youth had brought an even larger hand cannon out than his previous one. He began to wonder what was so special about the design. Nevertheless, he would not chastise the boy for liking the weapon; he just wished his heir was as good as his second son with the sword.

Berengar, on the other hand, was thinking of the information Linde reported to him the night before. Lambert's assassins should be camping out just out of hearing range for the sound of his rifle. Which worked perfectly for Berengar as he had decided that he would launch a night raid; seeing as how the full moon was out, there was plenty of illumination for him to pick off his targets, especially if they stood by the fire. When his father finally fell asleep, Berengar would take the high ground and snipe his enemies from above. After he got rid of them, he would search for any evidence among their bodies that could be used against his enemies.

As such, Berengar spent a lot of time getting his father drunk. It was only after the man could barely stand that Berengar led him back to his tent and tucked the old drunkard in. After leaving his father's tent behind, Berengar snuck around the campsite and picked up the rifle where he absconded into the night. Along the way, he slathered mud in his hair and across his face and hands to blend into the darkness better. It was quite the trek up to the position where he wanted to take control of; however, before he arrived at the outcropping, Berengar had a sudden encounter with someone he was not expecting.

One of the assassins had left the camp to take a leak, and while Berengar was sneaking past the area, the two came face to face with one another. Though the man could not tell Berengar's identity, it was not a good idea to allow a witness to their location to live. As such, the man instantly grabbed his sword and swung it out of his scabbard as he attacked Berengar in the dead of night. Berengar had to roll out of the way as he struggled to fix his bayonet. The fucking rifle wasn't even loaded yet, nor was the bayonet attached. As such, he had elected to hide behind a tree while he attached the blade to his rifle.

The man was just about to scream for help from his comrades when he walked by the tree Berengar hid behind and noticed a giant steel spike insert itself into his neck. Instantly feeling the sharp pain of a bayonet stuck in his throat, the man began to gargle on his own blood as he looked at Berengar in disbelief; since when did this guy have a spear? Berengar removed the bayonet from the man's throat and wiped it across his jerkin.

It had been quite some time since Berengar last killed somebody. He served as an engineer officer in the United States Army in his previous life, but he had found himself engaged in combat on more than one occasion. He even managed to kill a Taliban insurgent while he came under fire from their assault. As such, he was no virgin when it came to taking a life. After confirming the men in the camp were unalerted, Berengar snuck up to the position above the campfire where he saw three more assassins sitting in front of the fire and drinking.

After acquiring his targets, Berengar took out a paper cartridge and bit off its top before pouring its contents into his muzzle and packing it down with the ramrod. Once the round was properly chambered, he pulled back the hammer that contained the flint and aimed down the sights, which landed on the largest group member, who appeared to be dressed in brigandine armor. The man heartfully chugged down a flagon of wine completely unaware that he was in the sniper's sights. Berengar took a deep breath as he settled the sights on his target and calmly squeezed the trigger. The thunder of the explosion which propelled the minie ball projectile filled the air; having never heard such a sound before, these men at arms turned assassin thought that it had begun raining. After all, they were young upstarts who wanted to prove themself to the count; hand cannons were not that common on the battlefield at this point.

One of the assassins looked back at the man who had an enormous hole in his brigandine breastplate with shock, blood spurted from the caved-in hole in the man's chest as he soon collapsed, the others had no idea what had just transpired, but they were beginning to panic.

As they were freaking out about the loss of their friend, a second thunder went off; this time, the head of one of the assassin's exploded. The last survivor instantly hid behind one of the crates lying about the campsite; it had become obvious after the second occasion that they were under attack from an unknown enemy and weapon. Unfortunately for the young assassin, he had chosen poorly in regards to cover. After another half, a minute or so had passed, the .58 caliber slug pierced through the wooden crate, and the contents within penetrating its way through the man's leg, practically blasting his femur in half. He would bleed out shortly thereafter from a damaged femoral artery.

Just like that, Berengar had claimed the lives of the four assassins who were sent after him. After having sent the men to the afterlife, Berengar rushed down to the camp below and scoured it for any evidence that could be used against Lambert or Lothar. Luckily he came across the letter which contained the details of Berengar and Sieghard's hunting trip. Including the general location in which Sieghard always set up his campsite. It was signed by Lambert and in his handwriting. Berengar nearly broke out in laughter upon obtaining this letter; he finally had a key piece of evidence in which he could begin to build a case against Lambert's assassination attempts.

Throughout the remainder of the night, Berengar used his time wisely and got rid of any sign pointing towards his bloody deed. He did not want the Count's men sniffing around and finding out that he had personally dispatched his men at arms to hell. After everything was either buried or burned to ash, Berengar had left the area behind and returned to his own camp night. As if God were looking out for him, the heavens began to weep that night and washed any remaining sign of the skirmish. After a covert investigation, the Count would later assume that the men had abandoned their duties and fled Tyrol. He would later place a bounty for their heads, which nobody was ever able to claim.

For the rest of the night, Berengar slept like a baby. He had no second thoughts about murdering those men who were sent to kill him. Not even a tinge of guilt could infect his pure consciousness or lack thereof as he enjoyed the sound of the pounding rain outside of his warm tent, which slowly aided him in drifting to sleep. His last thought of the night was simply "This fucking hunting trip; I could be playing with Linde right now..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25: Returning Home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Throughout the entire venture, Berengar's absence throughout the camp went entirely unnoticed. By the time Sieghard and the servants awoke, they saw Berengar cleaning his rifle next to the fire. Sieghard could not help but exclaim in his heart.

'This boy is too dutiful; even on a hunting trip, he awakes at the crack of dawn.'

It had become a habit for Berengar to awake at dawn, in both his previous life and his current one. By now, he was used to running on a few hours of sleep a couple of times a week. In his hands was a glass of water which he had boiled over the campfire to rid it of impurities, at least to the best of his ability. He refused to drink polluted water and had spent the morning purifying a large supply of it. Since coffee had yet to be transported to Europe, he was forced to drink water this early in the morning. He was beginning to consider expanding his territory when he came to power. It would not be easy to establish a trade route from the mountains of Austria to the near east, and if he wanted to retire in luxury one day, he would need coffee.

Berengar's plans were simple, work hard for thirty years in establishing an industrial and economic powerhouse in his family's territory, and then retire in luxury, giving the reigns to a well-educated heir to continue his legacy. As of now, he had no desire to spend the remainder of his adult life at war. Something he had managed to do in his previous life. Of course, life did not always go as planned, and the future was unknown to him. There may be a necessity for him to expand his territory in time.

As of now, he was still just the son and heir of a lowly Baron, which meant he had no authority to make such decisions even if he desired to do so. Instead, he spent the remainder of the next few days being dragged around by his father hunting stags and collecting the meat. When he finally returned home, he was exhausted and covered in grime. The first thing he wanted to do was take a bath and cleanse himself of the filth he was covered in. Throughout the duration of the hunting trip, he had never revealed the full capabilities of the rifle; despite successfully hunting a buck of his own, his father was not impressed with the limited range that was displayed, and the exceptional reload time of the rifle.

The man had a traditional mind and felt that Berengar's use of what he incorrectly referred to as hand cannons were merely the fascination of youth with the newest technology. If he had known that the previous night Berengar had taken out three targets in a matter of minutes at a distance of 100 yards in the dead of night with his rifle, then he would probably have a heart attack from the shock of such a thing. Unlike an arrow, the rifle which fired a minie ball projectile was fully capable of piercing through a knight's hardened steel breastplate, let alone a common brigandine. Even the muskets fielded by Berengar's militia were capable of such a feat, albeit at a severely reduced distance.

There was a reason that during Berengar's previous life, after the invention of muskets, body armor slowly disappeared from common use. Even with the advanced manufacturing processes of the renaissance and the surpassing era, the breastplates used by heavy cavalry were only useful against melee weapons and musket fire at long distances. At close range, the steel breastplates used by cuirassiers would be punched through by a musket ball like an arrow through a common tunic.

If the medieval knights of the current era charged on horseback against a firing line of musketeers, they would be ended up as a bunch of blood-filled sieves, and such a frightening spectacle would be sure to affect the morale of the soldiers behind them. Even Berengar's militiamen who wielded such terrifying power had no way of knowing how capable their weapons were. After all, it is not as if they tested their guns on straw dummies covered in steel plate armor. That would be ludicrously expensive. Only Berengar was aware that his militia was capable of such an incredible achievement.

After arriving in the village with his father and the servants who followed them into the mountains, Berengar noticed a familiar sight waving towards him in an alleyway. It was his loyal slave who currently had tears of joy in her eyes that he had safely returned. The entire time he was away the pitiful young lady was in constant fear that her lord and master whom she had pledged her life to had perished in the ambush set up by her dastardly fiance. When she saw him covered in the dirt and grime of the mountains, she could not help but smile; there was not even a scratch on him. Truly she had worried too much. Without arousing suspicion, Berengar approached the alleyway where she was currently alone; as he finally fell out of sight, Linde rushed over into his embrace and nuzzled her porcelain cheek against his chest, dirtying it in the process.

Berengar accepted her embrace as he petted her sleek strawberry blonde hair in an attempt to calm her down. He had only been gone a few days and felt that she was overreacting. Nevertheless, he did not scold her, as he actually felt happy that she cared enough to worry so much about him during his absence. After all their relationship was complicated, to say the least. She was his concubine, and brother's fiancee whom he had forced himself on, and practically brainwashed into being obedient to him. Though he did not feel remorse for such actions, ultimately in Berengar's mind such actions were justified, and the young lady deserved her fate.

After stroking her luscious red-gold hair for several moments Berengar responded kindly to the young woman

"See, I told you I would be fine"

Though she still continued to sniffle, the buxom beauty wiped the tears from her eyes and began to smile. Everything turned out fine, and she could not be happier. However, Berengar could not abide the muck that had spread across her doll-like face and heavenly body from their brief intimate moment as such he whispered into the girl's ear

"Meet me in the bath"

The girl nodded her head and smiled as he departed before her. Things would not bode well for the couple if she was caught following him into the bath, as such they had to be extra cautious about how they moved from here on out.

And with that being said Berengar took off and headed towards the bath. Linde waited a few moments and did as she was commanded; not long after the young vixen found herself enjoying the company of her master in the warm water of the bathhouse, which proved to be a worthy investment. By the time the two were finished getting reacquainted with one another, it had already turned into evening. Dinner would soon be approaching, and he knew his father would have his chefs cook their gains during the hunt into a lavish feast. As such, the two left the confines of the bathhouse and separated; it would not look good if they arrived at the dining room together.

When Berengar finally entered the Dining room, he saw Lambert with a wicked smile on his face, he was the first to arrive, and the teenage youth was certain he would be enjoying the feast without his older brother this night. However, when he saw the handsome features of his older brother walk into the area, the young boy instantly went pale, with the expression that he was witnessing a ghost. How could it be possible that his brother had survived the ambush he had set in place?

Nevertheless, Berengar sat down across from Lambert and snickered at the boy, savoring his distraught expression to the fullest. He was beginning to think he might have become a true sadist after his many nights with Linde, as he now enjoyed the suffering of his enemies on a deeply personal level. The expression on Berengar's face told Lambert all he needed to know about the fate of the assassins he sent. However, Berengar would never admit to it. If he bragged about killing four assassins, nobody would believe him, and those who did would instantly question how a young man with no combat training whatsoever had managed to defeat four brigands by his lonesome. Eventually, the effectiveness of his rifle would be discovered, and his weapon designs would no belong to him alone.

Eventually, the rest of the family arrived, and Lambert had heard the tales of his father and brother's exploits from the Baron himself. Yet, there was not a single mention of the men who were supposed to ambush them.

'Is it possible that the Count's men were unreliable and deserted? Then what was with Berengar's smug grin earlier?'

Eventually, Lambert concluded that the men could have deserted and decided to write a letter to Count Lothar informing him of the operation's failure. Secretly Count Lothar would send a party to investigate the last known coordinates of his men-at-arms and come to the same judgment.

For now, Berengar could relax and enjoy the new dishes, which used the venison of their hunt as the meat of choice. Berengar savored the taste of venison; truly, it was one of the best meats a man could dine upon. After finishing his meal, he returned to his quarters. He needed to brush up on his history of this world. After all, it had been some time since he read about the many changes in the timeline from the world he once knew, and he would need to become accustomed to his surroundings if he wished to prepare for the upcoming war.

Berengar arrived at his chambers and quickly latched the door behind him. He opened up a scroll and spread it across his desk, the oil lamp in the corner providing the proper illumination necessary to view it. Truly it was different from his own timeline. The year was 1417, yet the Holy Roman Empire was at the height of its power; on the map in the Center of Europe lay the Holy Roman Empire, whose borders stretched beyond their peak in 1138 to encompass all of Italy aside from the papal states, as well as all of the regions that would one day consist of the Netherlands, and Belgium.

The Empire had also annexed the Teutonic State as a Vassal territory extending into the baltic. The Teutonic State was still a force to be reckoned in its own right, as it was victorious in the battle of Grunwald in this timeline; the victory sparked an extended campaign that lasted five years. During this Campaign, the Teutonic Order had conquered all of the coastal regions of the Baltic from Pomerania to the borders of Finland. Though the Teutonic State held the authority of its own Kingdom, it was essentially a theocratic Vassal State of the Empire and a puppet of the Pope; as such, its Grandmaster was not afforded the ability to vote upon the next Emperor, unlike the Kings who presided over the other kingdoms.

The feudal system of the Holy Roman Empire in this timeline was far more streamlined. Splitting into a very linear vassal system instead of the complex and convoluted semi-autonomous regions of Berengar's previous life. The Holy Roman Empire was comprised of several kingdoms including the Kingdom of Germany, the Kingdom of Italy, the Kingdom of Bohemia, the Swiss Confederation, and the Kingdom of Burgundy. The leaders of these territories were Kings in their own right and held varying control over the vassals beneath them, which were split into Duchies. These Dukes ruled over the various Counts whose land comprised the territory of the Duchy, and the Counts presided over the Barons, who in turn presided over minor lords and their knights.

Berengar currently resided in the Barony of Kufstein, a Vassal region of the County of Tyrol, which was a Vassal of the Duchy of Austria, the southernmost Duchy of the Kingdom of Germany. The Duchy of Austria in this timeline was far larger than in Berengar's previous life at this point in history. The size of the Archduchy of Austria included the Counties of Tyrol, Vorarlberg, Salzburg, Carinthia, Trient, Lower Steiermark Karnten, Upper Austria, and Lower Austria, and finally Steiermark which was the region ruled by his fiancee's father, Count Otto von Graz. Seeing as how Graz was the seat of power of the County and where his family derived its name from.

Aside from the changes with the Holy Roman Empire and its vassal states, Western Europe, Scandinavia, and the British Isles held the same territory in this timeline as they had in Berengar's past life. Even the Reconquista was going exactly as it had in the other timeline. The only other major change to the geography of Europe was the Balkans being held by the Byzantine Empire, which had over the centuries since the Crusades to the Holy Land recovered much of its lost territory. Extending from the Balkans, through Greece and Anatolia, all the way into the Levant. Though it has not yet been able to reclaim its former North African regions, it was currently doing so. Despite it being the late Medieval Ages, Europe had begun to take its place in the world as a powerhouse. However, they were far from reaching their full potential.

Berengar gazed at the changes of the map with a growing sense of ambition. He was beginning to get the suspicion that being a Baron was not his destiny; in the back of his mind, the thought of reaching greater heights began to manifest. He did not know what the future held for him, but now was not the time to think about it. He had plenty of work that needed to be done, and much of it could not be accomplished until he held absolute control of his family's lands. For now, he had to be patient and play the long game. Soon enough, the Kingdom of Germany would find itself embroiled in civil war, and he had to convince his father to declare him Regent before that happened. The hunting trip had not been a complete and total waste of time; he was capable of stopping his brother's wicked plans and grow closer to his father. Gaining his father's trust would be paramount for his plans to acquire power.

With that being said, Berengar heard a knock on the door and decided to end his studies for the day, He initially thought the knock on his door was most likely going to be Linde, and he could spend some time relaxing with his favorite toy. However, when he opened the door, he saw little Henrietta looking up at him with a frightened expression. The young girl held her favorite doll in her hands as she looked up at her big brother with tears in her eyes.

"Big brother, I had a nightmare. Will, you read me a story?"

It had been a while since Berengar had told his little sister a bedtime story; after all, he had been occupied with other things during the night as of late. As such, he let out a sigh and pet her silky blonde hair as he led the little girl to her room. Where he spent the next hour telling her the story of the Battle of Castle Itter during the Second World War in his previous life, where German and American forces came together to free prisoners of war from the Waffen-SS days before the end of the conflict had occurred. His fantastical telling of Machine guns, tanks, and cannons, as well as the brotherhood forged between former foes, enthralled the little girl who thought her brother was making up such an incredible story. In the end, Henrietta fell asleep from over-excitement, and Berengar kissed her on the forehead before leaving her room and returned to his own quarters.

When he returned Berengar had found Linde lying naked on his bed, waiting for his arrival with a pouting expression on her lips. Damn this girl; she was just too sinful. The young lord immediately closed the door to his chambers behind him and enjoyed the company of the beautiful young woman for the night.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26: The Counts Daughter Returns
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Days turned to weeks as time flew by; during this time, Berengar had been primarily overseeing the growth of the militia. By now, he had met his minimum infantry goals four companies of 100 men each. The Artillery Battery was properly taking shape as well, with 80 men and 5 guns. It would not be long until he had reached his minimum goal, but in his mind, that was not good enough. He now desired a full-sized Battalion and two artillery batteries before the war began.

Though their training continued, it was done in such a manner that, when observed by outsiders, highlighted the limitations of the weapons. As such, Lambert never once felt the need to report the mass use of hand cannons and field guns to his allies, and Sieghard had no desire to conscript Berengar's forces into his standing army, which all played perfectly into the young lord's hands.

Berengar was in a perfect mood today, as today was the day in which Adela returned from her trip to her homeland. Not only did he miss the company of his little fiancee, but he also desired the gold and silver hoard she would bring with her in payment to the ten tonnes of steel he had sold to her father. With it, the next phase of expansion could begin to take place. Berengar, alongside his family and Linde, had stood outside in their courtyard to greet the young lady's arrival.

After a long while, the banners of house von Graz appeared in the distance. Her family's coat of arms was a divided field of azure and sable in per bend division. On it, an or swan with argent beak, feet, and eyes was emblazoned. It was a truly magnificent and detailed coat of arms, unlike that of the house von Kufstein. Their coat of arms was rudimentary in comparison. It consisted of a per bend division in sable and or, with an argent bend across its center. It was remarkably similar to the black, white, and red shield decal seen on German helmets in World War I and II during Berengar's previous life; with the exception of the red being replaced by gold. Despite House von Graz's far more complex design, Berengar felt a certain sense of pride in his own family's banner. It reminded him of his great grandfather from his previous life, who served in trenches of the Great War as a soldier in the Kaiser's army. After the German Empire's collapse, his family fled the fatherland for greener pastures in America.

As Berengar reminisced about his past life, Adela's caravan had arrived inside the courtyard, the moment her luxurious carriage stopped in front of the family, its doors swung open, and the little girl jumped out of the carriage and into Berengar's arms, wrapping around his waist like a spider monkey. The young lord barely had enough time to stabilize himself as he caught ahold of his fiancee, who pecked him on the cheek with her precious lips.

"I missed you! Did you miss me?" was the first thing the girl said as she clung to her fiance in front of his family. While the family was stunned by the outburst, Linde had a pouting expression on her face. Now Berengar's fiancee had arrived, she would have less time with her lord and master to herself. Luckily everyone was too stunned by Adela's actions to notice Linde's sulking guise. She would have a hard time explaining the look on her face if her fiance had caught wind of it.

After Berengar had pried himself away from the young girl's grasp, he asked her the question which was on everyone's minds.

"So, is it all here?"

Adela quickly recovered and realized the degree of affection she had just showed Berengar in public; as such, her cheeks quickly flushed with embarrassment. Nevertheless, like a proper noble lady, she calmed her heart and pointed to the servants carrying large crates filled with silver and gold. It was not until all of them piled up did she boldly declare

"My father is a man of his word; the agreed amount of our transaction is in these crates in the form of gold and silver ingots. Count Otto von Graz wishes to express his thanks for supplying such a large amount of steel and looks forward to future cooperation."

Berengar smiled as he ordered a few of his family's servants to check the authenticity of the crates. Though he trusted Adela's words, he was still a cautious man and had each ingot inspected; only after its worth was confirmed was the mass of gold and steel transferred to the treasury. He now had the ability to invest in the textile industry, expand the capacity of the mines, and by extension, his steel surplus, which would come in handy for the many inventions he had planned. Once the irrigation system was fully in place, he would have many unemployed farmers who could begin work in the mines or the factories. Things were truly going according to his plans.

After Adela's arrival, the family threw a feast to celebrate her return; she thoroughly enjoyed the lavish cuisine she had so desperately missed during her absence. Berengar found the young girl's appearance as she devoured the food with a satisfied expression on her doll-like face to be incredibly cute. However, Linde could not help but glare at her rival. Even if she would never be the wife, Linde still did not like to see Berengar show his young fiancee such a different side of himself that he showed to her. Her menacing gaze did not go unnoticed by Adela; she could not understand why Linde disliked her so much. It must be the fact that the two brothers were feuding; after all, it's not as if they were currently fighting for the affection of the same man.

After the meal was over, Berengar immediately got to work; though he wanted to spend the day with Adela, pockets needed to be filled with coins to ensure his engagement ceremony was well supplied, his forces well equipped, and his factories manned. His father would normally handle the investiture into the mines, but the Baron had been delegating more and more responsibility to his son and heir recently. As such, Berengar quickly found himself managing the mines, which worked perfectly for his plans. It also meant that his father was testing him; if he could handle such a monumental task efficiently, he might be able to earn the title Regent. Maybe his father was also aware of the upcoming war and was beginning to make his preparations.

For now, Berengar could not know the truth of the matter. Thus he handled his business as best as he could. Supplies were brought in to improve the mines, and blueprints were drafted by mining safety standards and improvements from the industrial era. The last thing Berengar wanted on his hands was a collapsed mine. As such, he practically overhauled the system in place overnight in which the mines had used for centuries.

One of these critical inventions was the safety lamp which would provide adequate lighting in volatile areas where other lamps and candles could be hazardous. Mining was dangerous and backbreaking work; the least Berengar could do was apply safety standards and equipment and an adequate paycheck to compensate the workers for the work hazards that may appear. What would really speed up the process of mining was dynamite. Though he knew the chemical equation to create such a thing, he lacked a knowledgeable chemist and a production facility to manufacture it. He seriously needed to get his hands on an alchemist which he could personally tutor in chemistry, but unfortunately, there was none within a small region like his family's.

However, he decided it was better to have a chemical laboratory he could utilize within his spare time than to have no ability to produce chemicals whatsoever. As such, he put aside a small portion of the mining funds to construct a chemical laboratory and the equipment necessary to outfit it. As long as he requested the funding under the guise of "Miscellaneous Mining Innovations," his father would approve it. Thus the young lord quickly drafted the plans necessary for such production. Though he had limited spare time nowadays, he needed to produce supplies that required basic chemistry. It was better to have a system in place before he had a proper chemist than a proper chemist and no means of production.

While he was in the middle of his work, he heard a knock on his door, which he quickly responded to; after opening the door, he saw his darling little fiancee dressed in a pastel pink velvet gown and a tray of snacks in her hands. She knew her fiance was busy with work, but she still desired to spend some time with him, even if it was just watching him a snack while he was hard at work. A large German Cheesecake sat on the tray which the young girl had begun to divide up into pieces for the couple to consume.

After taking a bite from the delicious cheesecake, Berengar could feel a tear forming in his eyes; it was exactly as his mother used to make. After all, it was her recipe that he remembered; nevertheless, he could not help but feel a sense of longing for his old home. He started to wonder how his family reacted to his death. He had been too busy with work and school in his adult life to visit home often. Eventually, he drifted apart from his family; he began to lament that he had not spent more time with his parents before he passed. It was a shame he was an only child and had perished in Afghanistan; his parents were sure to regret that he had never produced grandchildren for them. As he began to think about his grieving parents with no grandchildren to comfort them, the tears in his eyes began to produce more rapidly, which did not go unnoticed by his loving fiancee, who sat next to him.

Adela noticed the tears streaming from Berengar's eyes and tried to comfort him; she had no idea what would cause such a strange reaction.

"What's wrong? Are you okay?"

Berengar wiped the tears from his eyes and smiled; he felt ashamed of himself for crying in front of a little girl like Adela.

"Yeah... I'm fine. The taste brings back memories."

Adela did not know what memories he could be referring to; as far as she was aware, these recipes were his inventions; they had never been seen before. At this moment, Berengar finally realized he had not answered the girl's question from when she first returned and looked softly into her eyes as he spoke truthfully with her.

"I did miss you, Adela; I'm sorry I wasn't able to say so earlier."

The young lady immediately began to blush as she heard his words; she was not expecting him to say such a thing. For the next half hour, she shared the snacks with Berengar, and by the time they were finished, she was satisfied with the small-time she spent with her fiance. She was finally able to figure out if he felt anything during her weeks of absence. The young girl thought that she was lucky to have such a loving fiance; if she knew he was cheating on her with his brother's fiancee behind her back, she probably would not have such thoughts. However, she did not know, and Berengar intended to keep it that way; it was best not to have your wife find out about your concubine if you could avoid it. Who knows what reprisal he might face if she were to become aware of his complicated relationship with Linde. So he continued to lie to his little fiancee, and she continued to believe him.

After some time, Adela had left Berengar's chambers, and Berengar focused on his work. All of his plans for the mines and the industry he had drafted were either delivered to Ludwig for implementation or sent to his father's desk for approval. The engagement ceremony's plans had been put into action by competent people beneath his father's command, and the family's coffers were filled to the brim. With it, another day's work had come to an end. He sighed heavily as he sat back in his comfy leather chair and watched the moon in the sky above. Any minute now, Linde would knock on his door and beg for attention, and he would spend the rest of his waking hours disciplining her for being so obviously jealous at Adela's arrival. It was good to be a noble scion, even if he was merely a Baron's son...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27: Visiting the Mines
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the rise of dawn awoke Berengar from his slumber, he quickly got dressed and left Linde by her lonesome in his quarters as she still slept. Today would be a hectic day for Berengar as he personally visited the mines to oversee their expansion. He did not even have time to work out this morning. For the next couple of weeks, Berengar would be at the mines near the village of Wildsch?nau. Wildsch?nau was currently under the direct control of one of Sieghard's Vassals, known as Lord Ulrich von Wildsch?nau; it was a perfect chance to leave a favorable impression on the minor lord and his family. After all, the rumors of Berengar being a petty, indolent, and sickly young lord were still prominent outside of the town of Kufstein and those who have had direct contact with him.

After grabbing a quick snack in which the chefs woke up early to prepare for his journey, Berengar left his family's Estate while only leaving a letter to inform them of his absence. He was a man of action, and since he had decided to oversee this venture personally, he would not waste time with parting words, especially since he would only be gone for a few weeks at most. As he stepped into one of his family's carriages and looked back at the window to his room in the tower up above, he could see Linde's heavenly figure gazing down at him as she waved goodbye. Evidently, his absence had awoken the beauty from her precious sleep. Berengar's parting gift to her was the kiss he blew in her direction before stepping into the carriage which swiftly took off from the castle and regrouped with the supply Caravan down in the town below. He would travel for several hours before reaching the Lordship of Wildsch?nau.

When his Caravan arrived, Berengar stepped out of his carriage to greet Lord Ulrich and his family; he had sent a letter in advance to inform the Lord of his arrival. As the Baron's son and heir, he still had to follow the proper etiquette when approaching his family's vassal territory. After stepping out of his carriage, the expressions on the family's faces went from forcing a gracious smile to deep shock. Berengar had appeared far different from the last time they had met. Though they could not see the extent of his fitness beneath his fine doublet, they could tell that his skin had a healthy glow and that his cheeks were no longer sunken. Evidently, the sickly boy they once knew had recovered from his childhood infirmity.

Berengar approached Lord Ulrich, who bowed before him; after all, despite his preconceptions about Berengar as a person, the young lord was still the son of the Baron and, as such, held a higher position than him.

"My Lord, it is a great honor to host your stay at our humble abode."

Lord Ulrich was a man in his early thirties, and his wife was nearly ten years younger. They were a young couple, and Ulrich had recently acquired the title of Lord from his late father. He was not exceptionally handsome, nor was he sufficiently strong. He was truly an average guy all-around, at least from an aesthetic perspective. The man had mid-length dirty blonde hair and ocean blue eyes with a trimmed beard to match his hair color. His skin was not as fair as Berengar's, nor was it as tanned as the commoners. His wife shared a strikingly similar appearance to Ulrich and Berengar began to wonder if they were related in some way. In her hands, she held an infant boy, which was the third son of Ulrich. Kneeling next to the couple were another two boys who were in their formative years. The little tykes gazed up at Berengar's with a sense of wonder. This was the first time they had met a family member of the Baron, and they were well aware of the position he held in the household.

Berengar motioned for the family to rise as he put on a charming smile

"You honor me with your kind words, Lord Ulrich. I'm merely here on business and will be spending most of my time at the mines. However, I will not turn down the hospitality you have shown me; be aware that I may otherwise be preoccupied to become acquainted with your fine household fully."

Berengar's words were chosen wisely; he did not wish to offend Lord Ulrich or his House, but he also needed to make it clear that he would be swamped overseeing the expansion of the mines. Thus he would not be able to entertain his hosts properly. On the other hand, Lord Ulrich nearly sighed in relief as he heard those words, the last time he had met Berengar, the young lord had acted like a spoiled brat of lower intellect. He wanted to avoid wasting time with such a wastrel if at all given a chance. However, Ulrich was quite shocked by how Berengar was behaving; it was quite different from his old self.

Ulrich quickly dismissed his family when Berengar made it clear he wanted to head to the mines as quickly as possible. He personally elected to guide the youth to the mines; if this petty young lord was overseeing the expansion of the mines in which Sieghard had ordered, it was best for him to stay close by and prevent any mishaps. As the two noblemen got into the carriage and departed for the mines, Ulrich could not help but ask about the project.

"So, what are the plans for expanding the mines?"

A smile appeared on Berengar's face as he began a long discussion about the new safety standards which included a more robust support system to prevent mine collapses and the safety lamp. He also demanded proper work hours and sufficient payment, which the Baron would personally take care of. There was also the ban on child labor in the mines in which Berengar had gotten approval from his father. Eventually, Berengar informed Ulrich that he would be using gunpowder to blast certain areas of the mine open, revealing new veins to extract the ore from. Because he did not have dynamite, Berengar had to use gunpowder and lots of it to expand the mining shafts rapidly. It was a risky move, but he was willing to take it. As long as it was done properly, he could mitigate the risks of the mine collapsing on the workers. Luckily for him, he had been stockpiling black powder for use in his militia. He had an overabundance of it which he felt fearful leaving lying around in his own territory. Thus Berengar had opted to bring quite a lot of it with him to aid in blasting open the mines.

After hearing all of Berengar's plans in great detail, the man could not believe that the petty, dull, and indolent young lord he knew years past had come up with such an extensive plan to overhaul the mines. It would take weeks to implement, but if it were done successfully, the productivity of the mines would skyrocket, especially since Berengar brought with him some of the unemployed farmers to act as the additional workforce. Until Berengar could build steam engines and a proper rail system, he would be forced to relocated families to the territory ruled by Lord Ulrich to increase mining productivity.

Berengar Also handed the Lord a set of documents that contained all the details of his four field system. He would also supply the Lordship's fields with enough fertilizer to last the season. However, Berengar had no plans to inform Ulrich about the irrigation system at the moment. Until the fields of Kufstein could properly field the irrigation system itself, he would not lend the knowledge behind its implementation to Ulrich. For now, he wanted to increase crop yields in his Vassal's territory, and gifting the four-field system to his vassals posed no major disadvantage. Even if Ulrich leaked it to other regions, the increase in food production throughout Europe as a whole was a good thing. His plans to be the breadbasket of Austria would still come true even if everyone else found out about the four-field system, as that was not his only agricultural innovation that would result in massive growth.

When Ulrich looked over the designs of the four-field system, he could not believe his eyes. He had to ask the question on his mind at that moment.

"You... you came up with this?"

Berengar smiled gracefully when he responded to Ulrich.

"I came up with the theory, but I had some help from a good friend testing it. We won't know how effective the results are until this year's harvest. However, I myself and many others are fairly certain there are at the very least no disadvantages to this system."

The man could not believe what he was hearing; Berengar had gifted him this information without asking for anything in return. This knowledge would greatly affect his crop yields, and in turn, the income his Land would garner. Why would Berengar give this tremendous knowledge away for free?

"What do you want in return for this information?"

Berengar continued to smile as he assured the Lord that there was nothing he wanted from exchanging information.

"There is nothing I want in return for these designs. The more food we produce in our lands, the better it is for everyone and the fewer farmers we need. The unemployed farmers can then be put to work in the mines. I have great plans for the resources those mines contain, and I will need every hand I can get in producing it."

Ulrich struggled to believe Berengar was so benevolent; he was truly gifting him this knowledge free of charge, merely so that his commoners were more productive? The Lord had a hard time grasping such a concept, of course, he had no way of knowing how grand Berengar's plans were for the industrialization of the Barony and its vassal territories. As such, he could hardly think of the need for a massive workforce.

Ultimately after some time to think for himself, Ulrich accepted the plans and promised to have the four-field system and the use of the phosphate fertilizer he had been gifted implemented as soon as possible.

"I humbly accept the designs and will do my very best to implement them as quickly as I can."

Berengar smiled graciously at the man's humble demeanor; Lord Ulrich truly knew his place in this world. A quality he could not say everyone had. After a long conversation about the ongoing changes in Kufstein, the supply Caravan finally arrived at the mines where they saw a camp set up outside of its entrance. Many of the miners had a difficult time returning to their families with all the work they were required to do, and as such, had built a shantytown outside of the mine's entrance which the miners referred to as "Miner Village."

Berengar found himself disgusted by the conditions these poor peasants were forced to live in and vowed that he would at least make some improvements to their temporary housing. After all, with the forty-hour workweek being introduced as one of Berengar's many safety and wellness innovations, they would no longer be forced to work until they dropped from exhaustion. After getting out of the carriage in which the two noblemen had ridden, the miners stood at attention as they noticed the arrival of their Lord, who ruled over the territory they found themselves dwelling in. It was sporadic for him to visit the mines, and many men did not react. Berengar, however, was the first to speak.

"As you were"

he had many things to handle in the upcoming weeks and did not have the time to mingle with the locals. Eventually, dozens of men started getting out of the caravan and bringing supplies over to improve the mines. Seeing the handsome and well-dressed men standing next to their lord and giving commands, the miners with more common sense took it to mean that Berengar was their boss's boss and swiftly obeyed his orders and got back to work. Only asking each other and the newcomers about who the man was with the slicked-back golden hair.

After several hours the miners became used to Berengar giving commands as he stared at a map of the mines and their current excavation process. It would be a long and arduous journey to get these mines up to code. However, Berengar would be damned if he failed to return in time for his engagement ceremony. As such, he once more burnt the midnight oil. It was not until the whistle blew and the miners returned to their shacks did Berengar finally get some rest. He would work as long as the miners did and lead by example. That was always how he had handled things when in a leadership position and would not change now just because he faced the dangers of the mines. Berengar lied down upon in a makeshift cot under a lean-to shelter as he gazed up the moon and stars above, thinking about his past and present life. Eventually, he fell to sleep thinking about the two lovely girls waiting for his return.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28: Cave In
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

By the time dawn arrived, Berengar was already awake and hard at work overseeing the mines' construction. He acted like a true overseer as he issued orders left and right. If one way within the vicinity, he could feel the ground shaking and the sounds of explosions as he commanded the workforce he brought with him to blast their way through the solid portions of rock with gunpowder caskets. The debris was rapidly cleared, and support beams were put in place to prevent a collapse. This was how Berengar spent the entirety of his time during the initial week after his arrival. He would personally go into the mining shafts to inspect the progress several times a day at regular intervals.

Berengar had personally led these men through the current overhaul of the mines and had championed their cause for better working conditions. As such, he felt as if he was safe among these hard-working men, for in their eyes was a level of genuine respect rarely afforded to someone of Berengar's status by the common people. It was the same gaze the people of Kufstein gave Berengar every time they laid eyes upon him. Berengar felt happy knowing that he had made a positive impact in the people's lives under his family's dominion. He did not think for one second that the people whose lives he had improved would turn on him. After all, who would harm their benefactor?

Ulrich had visited the mines several times throughout the week and was amazed by Berengar's progress. If things continued as planned, Berengar would be able to complete the project in a total of three weeks, which was slightly over his initial projection. Nevertheless, it gave Berengar ample time to prepare for his upcoming engagement ceremony, in which he had personally handed Ulrich his invitation. Everything seemed to be going as planned, that is, until three days after the second week of the project had begun. One afternoon while Berengar was going through one of his regular inspections, he was led rather deeply into the mine by the foreman he had placed in charge. Despite this, he initially did not feel any sense of danger; after all, this man was one of many who had directly benefited from Berengar's labor reformations.

By the time Berengar had reached the end of the mine shaft, he had begun to feel a bit suspicious. He had not encountered any miners for the last three hundred yards aside from the foreman he traveled with. After coming to a volatile section of the mine shaft, the supervisor turned around while holding onto his safety lamp; the bright flame illuminated the eery smile that spread across the man's lips as he mouthed the words.

"Your brother Lambert sends his regards."

As soon as the man said those words, Berengar instantly realized he had been led into a trap. He had been surrounded by allies for far too long and had forgotten a valuable life lesson from his previous life. Greed and avarice will always prevail over good and virtue; as long as the price was right, even the most honorable of men would do the most despicable things. He had no way of knowing it at the time, but this man who under Berengar's guidance had seen his life, and that of his family's vastly improved had been paid an extensive sum by Lambert to lead Berengar to his death. Before Berengar could react, the man sprinted behind him towards the exit; a second after passing him by, a blast went off, collapsing the tunnel upon the young lord, then everything went dark.

Hours passed before Berengar regained consciousness; he was pinned under a giant stone and had difficulty breathing. His body was aching, and he could feel blood dripping from his forehead. There was no light nor sound, only the feeling of pain reverberating throughout his body. Debris filled the air causing the young lord to choke as he cursed himself for being foolish enough to follow the man alone into the mine shaft.

"God fucking dammit! This is what I get for trusting people so easily..."

After venting out his frustration, Berengar attempted to lift the stone that was lying across his chest. The large stone must have weighed 150 pounds, and under the circumstances, he had a hard time lifting it off of his chest. Luckily for him, he had been using his bench press extensively over the past few months and had made significant gains in that time. Through much effort, he could lift the rock off his chest and slide it to the side. Allowing him ample space to breathe.

As the young lord looked around to get his bearings straight, he could see very little; however, a few yards away, he could see the light shining through the cavern, which gave him hope. At least there was fresh air circulating through the cut-off region. Hopefully, the others would notice he was missing and send a rescue party. The biggest problem he currently faced was that he had nothing to drink, which meant if the search party could not find him within three days, then he was destined to die again, and so shortly after, he had reincarnated in this world. That, of course, was assuming that a search party would be sent after him; after all, if the foreman betrayed him, who's to say the others weren't in on it as well. Things were not looking good for Berengar at the moment; as such, he spent the next thirty minutes looking for an escape route. When he found out that he was well and truly trapped, he could only rely on the grace of God for his salvation.

...

The night after Berengar was trapped in the mineshaft, Lambert opened a letter in his chambers addressed to him by Lord Ulrich von Wildsch?nau. The contents of the letter were as followed.

"Dear Lambert son of Sieghard von Kufstein and the rightful heir to the Barony of Kufstein. With great pleasure, I inform you that your brother has been trapped within a mineshaft and currently has no means of escape. It will only be a matter of days until you are officially recognized as the heir to your family's lands. I congratulate you early on succeeding your father and gaining the title Baron of Kufstein. I will make sure to be at your wedding in the coming months. I trust you know what to do with this letter after you have finished reading it.

Sincerly, Ulrich von Wildsch?nau"

After reading the letter, Lambert lit a candle and was about to set it ablaze when Linde walked through the door to his bed-chamber; seeing what the young boy was about to do; she felt as if something had gone terribly wrong and immediately inquired about the details of his latest scheme.

"Is that a letter from my father?"

Lambert pulled the letter away from the flame and handed it over to Linde with a deeply satisfied smile spread across his lips.

"Better, it is a letter from the Lord of Wildsch?nau informing me that has taken care of our little problem."

Linde hardly listened to Lambert's little narration as she studied the contents of the letter. When she read about Berengar's precarious situation, she could not prevent herself from breaking into tears, which Lambert immediately noticed. Confused, and suspicious Lambert got up and grabbed approached his fiancee with a concerned facade.

"What's wrong? Are you alright?"

Finally noticing that she was choking back tears with her free hand over her mouth, Lind began to wipe the tears from her eyes and did her best to reclaim her calmness, despite the wavering of her heart.

"Yes... Of course, these are tears of joy. We are one step closer to our goal!"

Lambert though initially suspicious, ended up believing the heavenly beauties act. However, before he could further advance their relationship, she tossed the letter and pushed Lambert aside.

"If you'll excuse me, I need to write to my father about our success."

With that said, Linde rushed out the door; it was only after she was out of sight that she began to break out into tears, which crashed down around her as she ran to the only person she knew who could save Berengar, if he was still alive that was.

...

Ludwig stood in his shop, operating the trip hammer as he pounded an ingot of high carbon steel into the form of a sword. Though it had been many years since he last built a sword, it was something he would never forget how to do. The masterpiece's design he was working on was referred to in Berengar's many records as a side sword. A design that would usually not be made for the next hundred years, yet due to the many projects Berengar had spent time designing existed solely in the form of blueprints until now. Initially, when Berengar was started learning swordplay, he wanted a proper sword designed for himself. Though he later scratched the idea, the designs still existed within the confines of the old engineer's shop.

Ludwig and his team of smiths, engineers, and metalworkers had all banded together to create a wedding present for Berengar; though it was years away, they rarely had downtime, so after hours, they would spend a little bit of time each day working on their masterpiece to present the young Lord as a token of their appreciation for everything he had done in their lives. Here in Kufstein, Lambert had no allies among the common population, and the level of respect they had for Berengar was beyond the means of simple bribery.

Everything was calm and quiet on this evening, and only Ludwig was currently still in the shop working on the design of the production of the exquisite sword. Just for Berengar, he had made the weapon out of crucible steel; due to Berengar's innovations, he created a small crucible furnace solely for the production of fine crucible steel to be used in presentation grade swords. Crucible steel was not common in European countries in either timeline but was largely used by eastern civilizations. The variations of which had different names, such as Damascus or wootz steel. Berengar had always mentioned how beautiful crucible steel swords were and had much desired one for himself, even though he felt the sword would soon become largely ceremonial.

While Ludwig was in the process of creating the sword blade, he heard the doors to his shop swing open and immediately looked up at the disturbance. Linde, the heavenly beauty, Lambert's fiancee, was standing in the doorway with tears streaming down her face and a nervous expression as she shouted at Ludwig in a pleading tone.

"You have to help him! You have to save Berengar!"

This perplexed Ludwig, as the man had heard on several occasions when drinking with Berengar that there was a cabal of nobles conspiring against him to remove him from his inheritance, and it was all lead by Lambert. He could not understand why Lambert's fiancee would say such a thing and was immediately suspicious. He instantly stopped what he was doing and back away from the girl who had a crazy expression in her eyes.

"Help him how? Save him from what?"

Linde struggled to find the words to say and tried to calm herself down. After several seconds she was able to articulate her thoughts properly.

"Lambert, he got the Lord of Wildsch?nau to collapse the mines on top of him; he might be dead already..."

Ludwig could see the genuine look of concern on the beautiful girl's face and was deeply confused by this. He accidentally let his thoughts slip through his tongue.

"You're Lambert's fiancee; why do you want to save Berengar?"

Linde instantly became aware that Ludwig knew about her fiancee's intent to assassinate Berengar and could not come up with an excuse for her actions. As she stared at the old man who was waiting patiently for her answer, she had no choice but to tell the truth; after all, Ludwig was Berengar's dear friend and could be trusted, right?

"Because... because I love him!"

Ludwig heard this and could not help but mumble beneath his breath

"Fucking Nobles..."

However, he could tell from the look on her doll-like face that she was telling the truth, and as such, he sighed heavily.

"Alright, I'll go gather the boys. If he's still alive, we'll save him; if not... well, let's not think about that."

With that said, Ludwig rushed off to gather the men and supplies he needed to mount a rescue expedition. If the Lord of Wildsch?nau was on Lambert's side, then there was no way his own men, the miners, would help in the search for the young lord. He had no hope but to gather as many people as he could as quietly as he could. His first stop was to Eckhard Berengar's second in command of the militia. They needed to be rallied and quickly. If Ulrich were really on Lambert's side, he would not allow excavation to occur, and the rescue force needed an army loyal to Berengar to protect them in case things turned bloody. If he reported this matter to Sieghard, he would need proof to obtain his help; even if he could convince the Baron, it would become a political battle between a Baron and his vassal, by the time help arrived, the young lord would be dead.

When Eckhard heard the news from Ludwig, he did not hesitate to muster the militia; by midnight, an army of 600 men and 6 cannons were on the march to the Lordship of Wildsch?nau, alongside the hundreds of volunteers whose aim was to rescue Berengar. Just as the young lord was about to lose faith in the bonds he had sewn with the commoners, they would reward him in a greater capacity than he could ever ask of them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29: The Age of Knights has Already Passed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Under the cover of night, the army in which Berengar had formed rapidly covered the distance between Kufstein and Wildsch?nau; by the time the dawn had arrived, they had occupied mining town and detained Ulrich's workers. The sappers in the field began to construct fortifications surrounding the mining towns; by the end of the day, the makeshift town would resemble a miniature version of fortifications used during the Siege of Petersburg from Berengar's previous life. The volunteer militia manned the fortifications while others interrogated the workers that had been detained.

Eckhard personally oversaw this effort. He began by speaking to the workforce Berengar had brought with him, which was far more loyal to the people of Kufstein where they had grown up. However, they were unaware of the assassination plot, but when they heard that Berengar might be stuck in the mines; they quickly revealed the only information they knew. Which was that the foreman had led Berengar into the mines during a routine excavation and that they were oddly ordered to withdraw. Nobody saw Berengar again after that, but a large explosion was heard, which they had assumed was regular construction. When Baerengar's workers had asked the foreman about their Lord's whereabouts, the man claimed that Berengar had left to visit Lord Ulrich.

After hearing such information, Eckhard immediately seized the foreman who had already been detained and violently tortured the man for the information regarding the exact location where Berengar had been trapped. After some good ol' medieval justice, the man sang like a canary, and the rescue operations had begun.

Meanwhile, Berengar was trapped inside the confines of the collapsed shaft. He had no food or water and was slightly injured. It was a miracle that no serious injury had occurred; he was slightly concussed and possibly had a broken rib, luckily it had not punctured his lung, or else he would long since have passed from this world. His throat was dry, as he had not quenched his thirst since before the cave-in, and while stuck in the darkness with no way out, he began to become deeply paranoid about the forces conspiring against him. He swore that if he survived this ordeal, he would personally lay siege to Ulrich's castle and drag him to the dungeons by the throat. There was simply no possibility the Lord of Wildsch?nau was not involved in this attempt on Berengar's life.

Shortly after having such thoughts, he had heard a muffled voice behind the rubble, which he could barely recognize as belonging to Ludwig.

"Milord, can you hear me? Are you alive in there?"

With a hoarse voice caused by dehydration and breathing in the fumes of the debris, Berengar managed to converse with the man behind the wall.

"Ludwig? Is that you? How the hell did you find me?"

Ludwig had an enormous smile spread across his face when he heard that the young lord was still alive. He began to speak awkwardly as he confessed to how he found out about his current predicament.

"Aye, it's me... Though I'm not one capable of judging the actions of the nobility such as yourself, your brother's fiancee erm... revealed your current situation to me as she begged me to save your life."

Berengar could not help but chuckle but groaned in pain as he did so, he had definitely fractured a rib, and it made breathing difficult and laughing agonizing.

"Dear Lord, do I love that woman! She came through for me once again! I'm seriously going to need to reward her this time!"

Ludwig could tell by the tone of Berengar's voice what the young lord was implying and could not help but sigh.

"It is good to be young..."

After getting out those words, he decided to inform Berengar of what was transpiring.

"Just hang on; I've got hundreds of the villagers to come to your rescue; you should be out of there in no time."

Berengar quickly realized the problem with this; there was not the slightest possibility that their actions would go unnoticed by Ulrich; after all, this was his land that they were currently standing upon. When the Lord found out that there was an ongoing attempt to rescue the target of his assassination, he would undoubtedly send his army in an attempt to cover his tracks. As such, he began to give orders to Ludwig.

"Ludwig, my friend, you need to get Eckhard to muster the militia; when the Lord of Wildsch?nau finds out what you are doing, he will surely send his army to eliminate you all."

Ludwig could not help but chuckle; he knew what Berengar was thinking and had already acted accordingly.

"Please rest assured, milord, Ser Eckhard, and his men are already here fortifying the position as we speak. All 600 men and 6 guns are currently in a position to defend this mine with their lives"

'600 men, and 6 guns? Fucking Christ, I need to give these guys a raise; they are working way too hard!'

Berengar thought to himself as he laid down and waited for rescue. For now, he had no choice but to wait for the excavation to be complete. If Ulrich showed up with his meager army during this time, he would be in for a rude awakening. The might of his militia was not to be underestimated, though the feudal forces of this world were sure to do so.

...

A soldier in the field was in the process of cleaning his musket. This musket was personally designed by Berengar and was named the 1417 Land Pattern Musket, and it was quite an anachronistic design. It utilized a 46-inch barrel much like the infamous "Brown Bess" used by the British Army for a length of time and a similar flintlock design. Yet, the stock was closer in design used by the early doglock muskets utilized by English forces during the English Civil War. As such, the firearm maintained quite the renaissance aesthetic. The primary difference in the design of the stock was that it had been cut off shorter at the end of the barrel to allow for the attachment of a socket bayonet. The stock also had sling swivels, and each musket was equipped with a leather sling. The 46-inch barrel was bored in a 58 caliber and had iron sights similar to the 1861 Springfield Rifled Muskets used by Union forces during the American Civil War. The reason for these two things was that they were all manufactured with the intent to be rebored and rifled for the use of the .58 caliber Minie ball projectile when the factory could handle such an extensive workload.

It was truly a unique design blending components of three eras of musket development from Berengar's past life. This was a weapon designed with two purposes in mind waging war in the most efficient manner available and looking good while doing it. The soldiers who wielded this mighty weapon were using their downtime to clean their muskets and ensure everything was functioning properly. It would not be long before Ulrich, and his armies arrived. Though they had quite the defensive position, as well as a numerical advantage, most of these men had never seen a battlefield before, those who had been in the field were now officers and NCO respectively and formed the veteran backbone necessary to lead their mean properly. Against a professional and experienced force, things might not go so smoothly.

As the sun began to set, The soldier cleaning his musket pointed into the distance as he saw a scout on horseback riding off towards the Castle.

"A scout! Where's the marksman? Take him out now!"

Berengar had implemented tactics from modern doctrine and installed a designated marksman with a long rifle into each platoon to engage targets a larger distance. The marksman was already aware of the target and had loaded his rifle in the meantime. When he finally was able to get a shot off, the scout was at a distance of roughly 250 yards, though that was not a problem for the rifle he wielded, which was a replica of the one Berengar had used to take out the assassins during his hunting trip.

Slowly but surely, the dirty peasant, clad in earthly linen clothing, lined up his sights, took a deep breath, and squeezed the trigger. After a thunderous explosion and a puff of smoke, the minie ball projectile was sent down range and pierced the back of the scout who was riding off to report to his master to inform him about the occupation of the mining town. A massive hole appeared in the man's torso as the minie ball pierced through his brigandine breastplate as if it were made of single weave linen. Ultimately, the horse was frightened by the blast, and with no concern for the rider which had fallen of its back bleeding out into the dirt below, rode off towards the castle from which it had come.

When the horse returned without a rider, it immediately invoked suspicion. As such, Ulrich knew something had happened to the scout he sent to oversee the rumors of an occupying force at mining town. He had no idea how large the force was or who it belonged to, but an enemy force had seized the land right under his nose. This was an insult to his authority, and if he could not handle it himself, he would only lose the trust in the Baron who's son and heir he had just assassinated. His first course of action was to muster his troops. As a lowly Lord, he only had a dozen or so knights under his command and at most a hundred men at arms; still, his warriors were well experienced, and he had little doubt what he was facing was merely a pack of brigands. When he finally arrived with his army, he was shocked to see many peasants armed with what appeared to be oddly shaped spears. He was unaware of the invention of the musket, or the earlier hand cannon for that matter. It was an especially rare piece of equipment during this time. As such, he vastly underestimated the forces in which Beregar's allies had brought to aid him.

Lord Ulrich approached the fortifications and inquired about the identity of the peasant rabble who dared to offend him.

"I am Lord Ulrich von Wildsch?nau; under whose authority do you trespass on my territory and occupy my mines?"

Eckhard stepped out in front of the defensive line and approached Ulrich; unlike the rest of his troops, he was properly equipped with the munitions grade half-plate armor prototype. Adorning his head was a sturmhaube, or burgonet, a type of helmet that would normally not be developed for the next century or two. Ludwig was able to sneak a few sets into production for the officers and NCOs of the militia. In Eckhard's hands was a musket with its bayonet attached, which he rested on the ground as he chatted with Ulrich.

"I am Ser Eckhard, retainer to Lord Berengar, son and heir of Sieghard von Kufstein, the Baron who presides over these lands. It is under his authority that I am here"

Ulrich's face instantly turned ugly; this meant Berengar was still alive and somehow could muster such a force to come to his rescue; things were not going well. Luckily Berengar would only know that Lambert was behind this plot and had no proof of his involvement. As such, Ulrich tried to play it cool; after all, the forces he was up against were practically six times the size of his own, even if they were unarmored peasants armed with sticks and spears; such numbers still posed a threat.

"As far as I'm aware, Berengar left back towards his home a while ago without paying proper respects. Why would he order you here?"

Eckhard spit in the general direction of Lord Ulrich, which was an enormous slap to his face

"Cut the crap, my lord; we know you are responsible for the cave in. I suggest you lay down your arms and surrender to justice. If you confess to the actions of the real mastermind behind this plot, I promise in the name of my liege, Berengar von Kufstein; you will be granted leniency."

This response shocked and outraged Ulrich; there was no way of knowing that he was involved in this plot unless Lambert turned on him or someone in his employ did. Though why Sieghard would send this rabble to bring him to justice instead of his own army, Ulrich could not understand. The truth that he was incapable of understanding was this was Berengar's private militia and was fully capable of bringing down the Lord and his Army; hell, they could even lay siege to his Castle if they wanted to.

Ulrich threatened Eckhard further in an attempt to strike fear into the hearts of the peasants who followed him.

"When I return with my levies, I will teach you a thorough lesson in the art of war."

Eckhard chuckled at Ulrich's comments which thoroughly provoked the lord

"What's so funny?"

Eckhard stared at Ulrich with a look of contempt as he spoke the blatant truth.

"My Lord, you could attack this position with tenfold the numbers you currently possess, and the result would still be the same. If you march on this position only death awaits yourself and those who are foolish enough to follow. If you run and hide in your Castle, I promise that we will follow you, and when we tear down those mighty walls in which you cower behind, I will personally see to it that Berengar is the one who rips you from your seat of power by the throat!"

Eckhard was clearly the victory in this war of threats that was currently ongoing between a fallen knight and the Lord of Wildsch?nau. The more Eckhard spoke, the more Ulrich was enraged by his words and made foolish comments.

"Really? How do you expect to accomplish this without any knights or men at arms?"

Ulrich felt with this statement; he would make the militiamen under Eckhard's command back down. Still, when he looked in their eyes, he was shocked to find the same look of determination and disdain Eckhard had so boldly displayed in his presence. Were these peasants mocking him?

Eckhard's final words to Ulrich before he retreated was this.

"If you do not surrender, I swear to show you that the age of Knights has already passed."

With that statement spoken, Ulrich snorted at the remarks and returned to his holdings. While the excavation for Berengar's rescue was ongoing, the Lord of Wildsch?nau called upon the peasants in his territory and raised his levies with 1500 men. Even if the cost of the battle was the death of all his levies, he make certain to take Berengar's life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30: Symphony of War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took the entire night for Ulrich to raise his levies and properly equip them with what little equipment he could spare. It's not like their lives mattered to him in the slightest. Of course, the levies had no idea who they were fighting or why such a significant number of them had been conscripted. Most of them had never held a spear before in their lives. If they had known they were going against Berengar, the son and heir to the Baron of Kufstein, and were essentially acting in open rebellion; they probably would have taken a stand against Lord Ulrich. Unfortunately, they did not know their opponent and merely did what they were told in fear of persecution.

As the sun rose on the next day, the sound of excavation could be overheard by the forces resting in their trenches. The rescuemen worked day and night to free Berengar, and now they had finally achieved their goal. As the wall of rubble collapsed around Berengar and the light of their lamps shone into the room, he shielded his eyes, as his eyes were not adjusted to such brightness. Then he felt a hand clasp on his shoulder, and he looked up, barely making out the haggard old face of Ludwig, who was covered in soot.

"Milord, I'm glad to see you're okay!"

Berengar began to chuckle and cough from the debris particles which filled the air.

"Apparently, I'm hard to kill," he said with a wry smile on his face as Ludwig dragged the young lord to his feet and began walking him out of the mine shaft.

"Aye, now let's get you to a field medic and see if we can do anything about those injuries of yours."

After exiting the cave, Berengar saw the hundreds of volunteers and the militiamen cheering for him as if they were watching a general return from triumphant conquest. In either of his two lives, he had never witnessed such a scene before. Maybe he was a little too rash to lose his faith in the common people. Some fresh air did wonders for the clarity of his head as he sat down on a stool and had a field medic disinfect his wounds, which stung horribly as the distilled alcohol killed the bacteria that had begun to fester.

The moment Berengar founded the militia, he was sure to start up a production line for first aid supplies and medic kits that those who became field medics could use to save lives on the battlefield. It was by no means a surgeon's kit, but it got the job done. He would never send an army to war without medics alongside them to aid the wounded. As such, the medics received both infantry training and basic medical training, or at least to the best that Berengar could remember. He never was trained as a proper medic; he just knew some basic first aid from his time fixing himself up after some scraps in his old life. After all, in his old life, the American health system was atrocious, and he'd sooner suture himself than go to the emergency room and shell out hundreds if not thousands of dollars for it. What he learned in his old life he passed on to his field medics so; at the very least, they could save some lives from minor injuries.

After being treated by the medic, Eckhard approached him, who patted him on the shoulder and informed him of the situation.

"Lord Ulrich has conspired against you with your brother to bring your demise in these mines. The foreman we captured spilled everything he knew about their plot. Last evening Ulrich approached us and demanded we leave; of course, we refused, and he vowed to return with levies. How should we proceed?"

Berengar was currently shirtless with many bandages wrapped around him. His body was covered in soot, grime, and dust, which blackened his otherwise flawless milky white skin. The pomade in his hair had collected the filth of the cavern, like moths to the flame. If one was not familiar with the young lord, they might have mistaken him for someone else. Berengar took a sip of water from the canteen he was provided and exhaled deeply. He felt like his entire mouth was filled with dirt and iron after inhaling the debris particles for the past few days. After gargling the water and spitting out the filth, he looked up at Eckhard with his reply.

"How should we proceed? We kill them all, of course! Every man who marches on this position is guilty of treason; I do not care if they simply follow orders. Let us show these traitors what happens when they march upon a trench line filled with 600 guns and the brave men who wield them!"

Berengar shouted his command loud enough for all the nearby militiamen to hear; once more, the cheering began, but this was not the cheer of men thankful that their lord and commander was safe. This was the cheer of men who were about to lay waste to their enemies and who reveled in it. Though when Berengar stood up and raised his hand, silence quickly followed as he began his speech.

"I look around me, and who I see are not peasants, nor serfs, nor commoners; but the people of Kufstein, brothers, fathers, and sons. Under my leadership, we have made great progress towards a new era, where a man's worth is not determined by the class he was born into, but by the hard work and effort, he puts into his community.

Many of you have been raised from the life of a serf, breaking your back every day in the fields so that you may grow crops for your masters. Now you work in factories and are afforded good wages and proper living conditions.

The men out there want to take my life, but more importantly, they want to take away the life you have made for yourself, which I have worked alongside you all to implement.

I ask you not to put your lives on the line for some petty grievance in which I, your lord and commander, have suffered, but to preserve the way of life that we have all built and continue to work towards! Today is the day we stand up to those who would oppose the dawn of a new era, the dawn of the industrial era!"

Though it was not some epic speech of a lifetime, it was more than enough to rally the men who had begun to question their position in the line of defense and bolster their courage. As soon as Berengar had finished his speech, the enemy's horn roared in the distance, and with it, an army of 1600 men came marching towards the fortifications. However, by now, the defenders were fully enthralled by the rallying cry of Berengar and would defend this position with their lives if need be. The militiamen rushed to their positions and began to load their muskets, rifles, and cannons.

Berengar could not stand idly by; and walked over to Eckhard, who was busy commanding the forces to their positions.

"Major Eckhard, I require a musket!"

Berengar said in an authoritative tone to his second in command, which baffled the old knight. Berengar had not eaten in days; he barely had enough time to hydrate before the enemy showed up; he was covered in cuts and bruises. He was slightly concussed and had a fractured rib. Yet the filth-covered young lord stood there demanded a musket so he too could join the action. Eckhard, of course, could not help but voice his complaints.

"My Lord, do you really think that's a good idea?"

Berengar glared at Eckhard with a tyrannical stare as he boldly declared in front of his forces lined against the trenches with their muskets raised.

"I will not sit idly by while the men under my command put their lives at risk in the face of the enemy; now tell somebody to fetch me a musket!"

Eckhard could not help but admire Berengar's spirit; even in his condition, he chose to fight and die alongside his troops. He was truly a young lord worth following. Before Eckhard could even bark the command, a man came over with a musket and paper cartridge box tied to a belt and presented them to Berengar while kneeling.

"My Lord, I have acquired what you asked."

Berengar grabbed ahold of the equipment and attached the belt shortly after. He bit open a paper cartridge and began to reload his weapon; while he was in the process of it, he barked at the soldier who had brought him his weapon.

"Rise, I do not need every soldier to kneel at me every time they are in my presence; a salute is fine enough. You should have learned this in your basic training."

The man quickly snapped to attention and saluted

"Yes, My Lord!"

Berengar returned the man's salute before giving him commands

"Good, now take me to the frontlines. I want to be among the first line that gets a shot at these bastards!"

The militiaman was assigned to a support unit. He was initially thankful, but after seeing his Lord and Commander's enthusiasm for battle, he could not help but feel sorrow that he would not get to fight at the front line by the side with the young lord. After leading Berengar to the frontline, the man returned to his support unit with a gloomy expression. Berengar as the highest-ranking officer, had seized direct command of the front line, something in which the troops were pleased.

...

Meanwhile, Ulrich stayed behind his troops with his house guard; he was a cowardly man who refused to get his hands dirty on the field of battle. Alongside the house guard were the knights and men at arms. Essentially the entirety of his professional force. Ulrich's plans were simple; he would have the peasant levies charge at the enemy's defenses; after all, they completely outnumbered Berengar's militia. When the levies had removed the cavalry traps placed in front of the trench line, his Knights and Men at arms would ride through mining town and slaughter Berenagar's remaining forces.

While Berengar was covered in dirt, grime, and filth from the mines and had no proper armor, nor even a doublet to wear, Ulrich was covered head to toe in steel plate armor in the style which was common during this time which would later be referred to as the Churburg style. Currently, the visor to his great bascinet was open as he watched his peasant levies march towards the fortifications. He had very few archers. However, once they were within range, they would rain a volley down upon the unarmored defenders allowing his levies to rush towards the trenches.

His plan was all supposed to go smoothly, it would allow him to defeat Berengar and his militia and cover his tracks successfully. So when his archers advanced into the 400-yard range, which was still far beyond their capabilities, he did not in the least expect the cannons that were hidden undercover would begin to rain fire upon them. When the six cannons echoed with thunder as the canister shot flew out of their bores and rained upon the archers piercing their gambeson and mail armor as if it were made of tissue paper and scattering their limbs across the field, Ulrich nearly fainted from fright. He had never before witnessed cannons, let alone muskets. Instantly what little archers he had were decimated into piles of mincemeat, their bodies no longer recognizable. The first part of his plan was completely and utterly destroyed.

However, the cannons did not stop there; they quickly reloaded and fired a second bombardment of canister into the peasant levies, reaping the lives of dozens, if not hundreds, in the process. Their blood flowed onto the fields like a river and fertilized it in the process. At this point, the morale had already been broken among the levies, and they began to panic; even the warhorses of the Knights and Men at Arms began to become frightened. As Lord Ulrich saw his ranks breaking, he swiftly commanded the knights and men at arms to hold the line at any cost.

"If those peasant bastards start breaking ranks, ride them down! They will move forward or they will face the consequences." The knights and professional soldiers heeded their Lord's command and rode down their own routing levies. Very quickly, the peasant levies began to understand where they stood and were pushed forward out of fear into the line of fire. Though the cannons continued to sound off, taking the lives of dozens if not hundreds with every step, the levies rushed through it, knowing their only way out was forward and into death. Even Ulrich figured once they got close enough, those frightening thunderous weapons would have no effect.

...

Berengar, on the other hand, was making sure his men did not fire in panic; instead, with each bombardment of the cannons, their morale grew rapidly; many even stared dumbfounded at how effective their weapons were.

"Hold your fire! Hold your fire! Do not fire until you see the whites in their eyes!"

This was a phrase Berengar continued to repeat to his musketeers as they held the line with their fingers firmly on the trigger. Despite the cannons blasting the ranks of the levies and the hundreds of losses, there were still close to a thousand troops who rushed towards their position. The number was staggering and frightening. Nevertheless, they knew Berengar would not steer them wrong as they waited until they were given the command to fire. Finally, when the first line of Ulrich's levies were within 25 yards of the trench line, Berengar shouted at the top of his voice.

"Fire!"

With that, the echo of close to 500 muskets went off in unison, each musket ball finding its way into the body of an enemy. Limbs were torn apart, holes the size of a fist were punched through chests, and the blood-curdling screams of those unfortunate enough to survive filled the air as the militiamen rapidly reloaded their muskets. By now, the average militiamen could reload their musket within 20 seconds after all were reloaded, including Berengar's he would give the commands of "ready", "aim" and "fire" as the symphony of war continued to rage upon the battlefield.

Despite losing hundreds of men with each volley, the peasant levies pushed on as their escape route was cut off by Ulrich and his professional soldiers, who by now would not dare move forward. Ulrich finally understood the absurd comment Eckhard had made to him the day prior, "The age of knights is already passed," as he gazed upon the horrendous destruction wrought upon his army by Berengar's volunteer militia. Luckily he was out of range of these crazy weapons; he began to feel as if the wrath of God was reigning upon him as his army collapsed and began to route, no longer fearing the men at arms behind them that were essentially acting as soviet commissars and reaping the lives of those who fled.

Right as Ulrich was about to give the command to retreat, he once more heard the thunder of the cannons and the whistle of the shot in the air, however this time, it was not a canister that was fired, but a solid ball. The 12-pound cannonball flew in his direction and punched through his chest blowing his body apart. The Lord who supported Lambert in his attempt to assassinate Berengar's life was completely and utterly dead.

Berengar laughed as he saw the man's body torn apart by the massive cannonball, as he thought to himself.

'Getting shredded by artillery fucking hurts, doesn't it!?!'

Instantly conjuring up the scene of his death in his previous life. Nevertheless, Ulrich was now dead, and his forces were routing. The knights and men at arms knew better than to stay in the confines of Kufstein, where they had just acted in rebellion. As such, they took off on their horses, fleeing the Barony and Tyrol altogether. Nobody would ever believe what they claimed to have witnessed on that battlefield, and it would be a long time before such a scene resurfaced.

Meanwhile, Berengar could not get rid of the orchestra of war that had filled his ears throughout the battle; despite the loud cheers of his men celebrating a battle that was won without a single casualty. Berengar had an epiphany, and would one day in the distant future, be quoted saying as follows.

"It was on that day when 600 men defended their position with their guns thundering in the dawn that the Grim Reaper was conjured. When I saw his ugly face, I recognized that I was not a dealer of steel and textiles but thunder and death. At that moment, I came to a sudden realization about my fate. One day I would be Emperor..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31: The Aftermath
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the battle had occurred, there was much cause for celebrating the overwhelming victory gained by the militia forces. Having gotten their first battle out of the way with the new weapons, the men comprised of Berengar's forces were entirely confident of defending their territory from any invading force, and more importantly, in Berengar's command. The fact that the young Lord stood at the frontlines facing down wave after wave of enemies alongside his troops would be spoken throughout the villagers of Kufstein for months to come.

Berengar, on the other hand, promised a great celebration after they cleaned up the battlefield; they could not very well allow hundreds of corpses to lie on the fields to rot. As such, after much effort, the Militia had dug a series of mass graves where they buried Ulrich and his forces. Berengar would have difficulty explaining his overwhelming victory to his father if he told the whole truth. Despite the desire to brag bout his feats, he decided to lie about the battle and completely downsize the results. Because the men at arms and knights had by now fled the confines of the Barony of Kufstein, and the peasants who fought against them were round up, lined against the wall, and executed, there were no witnesses to the events that transpired aside from the forces loyal to Berengar, and as long as he gave the order to keep keep the telling of their war stories to what he had instructed there should be no problems with the leaking of how effective his firearms were.

The story Berengar told to his father about the attempt on his life by Ulrich, the mustering of his forces, how they built the defenses and defended the position from a few hundred peasant levies. The Lord's professional forces were very different from reality. Berengar spun the events, making it seem like Ulrich was unaware of hand cannons, and foolishly attacked the hill with a few men. The missing peasants were explained by running away from their homes and families in fear of reprisal from the Baron. It was a stretch, but judging by the fact that the knights and men at arms also fled the region, Sieghard had no choice but to believe it. After all, hand cannons were extremely effective against the peasant levies' light armor or lack thereof and frightening to those who were not accustomed to the sound.

As for the death of Ulrich, Berengar made it seem like a stray shot had pierced his skull when the visor to his helmet was open; with the Lord's death, his forces collapsed and routed. Sieghard sent a team to investigate the fields to confirm this information was true but found no traces of the mass graves and only the small ones Berengar had used to mislead the Baron and his brother Lambert. As far as anyone was aware, the battle was quite small and was set between 200 of Berengar's militia dug in at the mining town and armed with hand cannons against 300 of Ulrich's men who fled with the accidental death their Lord. After all, in this feudal world, it was considered unacceptable to kill a nobleman outright if it could at all be avoided. Men of higher birth were afforded the privilege of ransom. There was no mention of the use of cannons; due to Berengar's previous misinformation, the cannons were considered to be static weapons and largely immobile by the uninitiated. Thus he did not want to reveal how effective they really were.

After Ulrich's untimely demise, his son and heir, who was only a small child, was named Lord of Wildsch?nau; as he was so young, he needed a regent, which Sieghard placed from a dedicated member of his own court to ensure the loyalty of the young Lord who was now his vassal. He would not allow the grieving widow of the boy's traitorous father to skew the future Lord's allegiance to his liege.

As for the foreman who was captured, he was Berengar's only viable witness in Lambert's schemes against him; however, unfortunately, as the man was lead to the dungeons of the Castle of Kufstein, he was shortly thereafter found dead from asphyxiation, it was ruled a suicide as the man had supposedly choked himself to death with the chains that bound him. Berengar, however, knew that this was clearly the work of Lambert and his allies cleaning up their mess. The only witness he had to his brother's ploy was Linde, and Berengar refused to play that card; she was a valuable spy not only against Lambert but her father as well. He would not expose such a precious asset against his enemies in a rash attempt to expose Lambert's machinations. It became apparent that his father's army and the guard had been compromised. Clearly, there was a faction loyal to Lambert among them, and such a force would need to be purged when Berengar finally came to power.

It took a long time for Berengar to explain the volatile situation that had occurred to his father. By the time he was finally able to wash the dirt and grime off of his filthy body, it was late into the night. His paranoia that he had developed from being trapped in the darkness of the mine shaft for days began to take hold as he sat alone in the bath during the twilight hours. As he heard the door creak open and the light taps of footsteps approach his location, he felt like another assassin was nearing by. When the footsteps finally reached his vicinity, Berengar launched a surprise attack on the would-be assassin, dragging them into the pool of water and pressing their head beneath its surface.

For whatever reason, it never occurred to him that Linde was entering his bath to be with the man she loved. After all, she had been beside herself the past few days as she waited for news of Berengar's situation. Every day that Berengar was trapped, she was overcome with anxiety and despair, to the point where she could barely maintain the facade of Lambert's ally. It took a few moments for Berengar to realize he was in the process of drowning his own lover. When he finally came to his senses, he quickly released his hands and allowed the divine beauty to resurface from the filthy bathwater, where she struggled to breathe. Berengar looked upon her with shock and terror, as he had acted upon instinct, and did not recognize what he was doing until after he had harmed Linde.

The girl's sky blue eyes were filled with tears as she stared at Berengar in fear; she could not help but ask why she was so severely punished.

"What the hell! Why would you do that?"

Berengar, who was in the middle of a panic attack because of his actions, struggled to breathe, which was incredibly painful due to his fractured rib. As such, he grabbed ahold of his side and winced in pain as he struggled to give the girl an explanation.

"I'm... I'm sorry, I... thought you were an assassin."

Linde gazed upon the deep sense of dread that was spread across Berengar's immaculate visage and instantly forgave him; she could not imagine the sense of distress and agony that Berengar had suffered while being trapped in the darkness of the mines by his lonesome for days on end, wondering when he would finally enter death's embrace. As such, she approached him cautiously and wrapped her warm body around his, placing her head on his shoulder.

"I'm here for you if you want to talk about it..."

It was only after he felt the warmth and love of Linde's heavenly body that he began to calm himself down and realize that he was not still in the cavern waiting for death. He was finally home, and though there were enemies in his midst, those who loved and cared for him far outnumbered them. Quickly, the sense of paranoia and dread was changed to one of intense wrath as he gained control of his emotions and began to plot his brother's downfall. At the moment, he still did not have enough evidence to bring charges against the treasonous little brat. He had been on the defensive for too long against Lambert, and now he would conspire against his own little brother and bring the little bastard to justice. Yes, justice, not vengeance. He could not very well kill his own brother and be labeled a kinslayer for the rest of his days.

If Berengar so desired, he could easily have his little brother assassinated by Linde, though that would not be good for his conscience. Berengar would not stoop so low as to engage in fratricide, at least at the moment. If Lambert truly crossed the line, there was nothing Berengar would not attempt if it meant achieving his goals. Instead, he would target his brother's allies and cut off Lambert's support one by one. Aside from the Count of Tyrol, Lambert's allies were largely among his father's vassals and the armies that supported them. If he could identify them, he would have a much easier time dispatching them to the afterlife. As such, he began to share his scheme with Linde, who was Berengar's most valuable asset in the shadow war with his brother.

"My dear Linde, I have a task for you..."

Linde had sparkles in her eyes, though she had yet to be rewarded for her previous actions; she knew it was only a matter of time, and with a new task meant an even greater reward. As such, she instantly replied obediently.

"Yes, master?"

Berengar narrowed his eyes; within them contained a great sense of wrath and a desire for retribution. He was a man who would show no mercy to his enemies, and this recent attempt on his life had made him particularly vengeful, even if he told himself it was a desire for justice.

"I want a list of names of every single person who has ever aided my brother in his attempts to gain the inheritance. Who they are, where they live, their weaknesses, and the extent to which they aided him. If someone so much as entertained the idea of taking my life, I want to know about it in exact detail! I trust this is something you can handle?"

Linde nodded with a deep smile on her face as she cuddled up against Berengar.

"Anything you require, Master."

Berengar gazed down at the peerless figure of the gorgeous young woman next to him and smiled deviously.

"By the way, I need to reward you for saving my life. Do you have any particular desires that I may fulfill?"

Linde blushed at the words with embarrassment, though deep down she had been waiting for this moment, as such, sat atop his lap and began to make out with him. The remainder of the bath session was filled with sounds that, if overheard by others, would cause a great scandal. Nevertheless, those who dwelled in the castle noticed not a single noise as the couple enjoyed the time they spent together with great passion. By the time the two left the bathhouse, they returned to Berengar's chambers, where they spent the rest of their waking hours continuing their fun.

On the other hand, Lambert was wide awake and filled with terror as he hid within the confines of his large stone room. The attempt on his brother's life had failed, and the foreman used his name during the act. If Berengar was unaware of his previous endeavors, then he was certainly aware now. Not only that but one of his greatest allies was now dead, all because the fool carelessly had his visor open. Surely if the visor to his bascinet were closed, the rocks fired from the hand cannons would have glanced off, right?

Of course, Lambert had no way of knowing the real way in which Ulrich had perished, nor was he aware that the lead balls fired from the musket would have penetrated the bascinet either way if fired from an appropriate distance. Instead, Lambert felt he caught an unlucky break; his plans were leaked to Berengar, possibly from someone under his command. Still, it could have also come from one of the many workers Berengar brought with him, who were suspicious of the foreman's actions. He had no way of knowing how the militia and rescue force arrived so quickly to Berengar's aid. All of these things contributed to the overwhelming sense of angst he felt deep in his stomach.

Nevertheless, the worst part was that Lambert now had to fear his brother's reprisals and with how things have been going lately, he could not help but be afraid of divine intervention on Berengar's behalf. Because he was unaware of Berengar's schemes to target his allies, the teenage boy dreaded an attempt on his own life by his elder brother as an act of retribution. Thus while Berengar was enjoying his time with Lambert's fiancee, Lambert did not get a wink of sleep as he was too fearful of what might transpire while he slumbered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32: Recovery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Adela struggled to fall asleep, a lot had happened in the last few days, and she recently only became aware that her fiance had returned from the Lordship of Wildsch?nau after a botched assassination attempt. Yet other than spending many hours explaining the exact situation to his father, Berengar made no attempt to visit her. Instead, he went straight to the bath to cleanse himself of the filth that he had garnered throughout the time in the cavern. Afterward, before she could approach him and check to see how he was feeling, he went to his bed chambers, where he was reportedly resting. The young girl had heard that Berengar was injured and needed rest, but she did not know to what extent; as such, she worried deeply about his health.

The reality of the situation was Berengar's full attention during and after the bath had been captured by Linde, who was secretly bedding Adela's future husband behind the scenes. Nobody was aware of the illicit relationship between Berengar, and Linde, especially not Adela. She was not the type of girl to accept her future husband to be playing around with other women, even if she was too young to take their place.

Eventually, Adela could no longer take the heartache of being incapable of seeing her dearly beloved, who, as far as she was aware, was hospitalized in his room at the moment. As such, she got out of bed and dressed in a white lace nightgown that was appropriate for the time period. It was only after she had tidied her appearance did the young lady depart from her bed chambers and silently make her way to Berengar's room. Her actions, if spotted, would surely cause a misunderstanding, and rumors were bound to flare. Luckily for everyone involved, nobody had witnessed her depart from her quarters. She quickly found herself in front of Berengar's door, where her heart began to beat rapidly. She had never visited his room after hours before; she wondered if he was asleep or not. After taking a few moments to calm herself, she lightly knocked on the door.

...

Berengar was in the middle of playing with his favorite toy when he heard a knock on the door; he was in no position to answer it at the moment, as there was a divine beauty "sitting" atop his lap. He could not fathom who would possibly be at his doorstep at this hour aside from Linde. However, he made sure to motion with his hand to Linde to cease her activity and stay silent. After making sure the girl's lips were sealed, he just about called out to whoever was at the door when he heard a soft feminine voice with which he was all too familiar from behind the door.

"Berengar, are you awake? Are you okay? I didn't get to see you when you returned... Can I come in?"

Berengar quickly unsheathed himself from Linde and whispered in her ear with a voice so low Adela could not hear it from the other side of the door.

"Get under the bed, and take your nightgown with you!"

Linde did not disobey his commands, albeit she was a bit frustrated she didn't get to finish; she quickly hopped off the bed and grabbed ahold of her nightgown, which was scattered across the stone tile floor. She then crawled under the bed where she barely managed to fit in the crawlspace with her plump behind and buxom chest. Afterward, Berengar quickly put on a pair of trousers and answered the door. Adela was just about to leave when the door swung open. In her hand was an oil lamp that illuminated Berengar's bruised body, which caused Adela to become deeply concerned about his health.

The young lady gasped when she saw the condition he was in and instinctively touched his abdomen to check to see if Berengar was okay. Berengar, who was desperately trying to hide his lower region behind the door, could not help but feel awkward as the little girl touched his bruised abs. Eventually, he could no longer contain it and broke the silence between the couple.

"Ahem... You know you shouldn't be here at this hour."

Upon hearing Berengar's voice, Adela quickly realized what she was doing and retracted her hand away, where she tried to hide her sheepish expression.

"I could not sleep knowing that you were injured... I wanted to check on your condition."

Berengar looked at Adela as if she were a little angel. Unlike the vixen who currently lie under his bed which ran him ragged despite his injuries, this young lady was too stressed to fall asleep knowing that her fiance may be seriously injured. Luckily for her, he was fine, aside from a cracked rib and a few bruises. Personally, he has had had worse and barely noticed the pain except for when he laughed or breathed heavily, but he would never admit that to a pretty girl who was concerned about him.

Berengar smiled, and he explained his situation to the young girl who was kind enough to check up on his condition even if it ruined her reputation.

"I'm hanging in there; at the very least, it is nothing life-threatening. So you don't have to worry too much."

Adela immediately felt relieved that her future husband was not in any danger and smiled endearingly at him.

"Well, that is good, is there anything I can do to help?"

Berengar did not want to let the opportunity go to waste; it was a way to gain points with the little girl and tease Linde. As such, he invited the girl inside to his room to talk.

"Do you mind coming in? Since you are here, I have some things I want to talk about in regards to our engagement ceremony."

Adela's cheeks became flushed as she heard the offer; it was completely inappropriate for a girl like her to be in a boy's room after dark. Well, it was inappropriate for her to be alone with a boy in his room, period, but she had already done that several times.

On the other hand, Linde heard the words "engagement ceremony" and instantly began to scowl as she thought to herself.

'Ceremony? What ceremony? Is he throwing a party to celebrate his engagement? Why was I not invited? Why don't I get one? Why is master making me listen to this? How cruel!'

Her scowl instantly turned into a pout as she felt left out, she knew she was only his concubine, but it still pained her heart every time she saw Berengar act flirty with his future wife. Luckily for her, Adela refused the offer.

"I'm sorry, Berengar, I don't think that would be appropriate... I'll see you tomorrow!"

with that said, the little girl in twintails ran off back towards her quarters. It was quite an adorable sight; seeing her run off in embarrassment. Despite that Berengar said his thoughts aloud as he shifted his attention to Linde, who was crawling out from under the bed.

"Maybe I teased her a bit too much... What do you think?

When he saw tears starting to form in the girl's eyes, he could not help but laugh to himself.

"Did I tease you too much too?"

After he said that, he held the girl in his arms and carried her back to his bed, where he spent his waking hours making it up to the young woman.

...

Before he knew it, a whole month had passed, and Berenger could no longer feel any pain in his ribs. Though he would still try to take it easy for the next two weeks, he was essentially healed from his injuries. During this time, things went as planned. The mines were overhauled completely and seized by the von Kufstein family in reparations for the attempt on Berengar's life. The von Wildsch?nau family suffered greatly from the loss of the mines, their professional army, and 1500 peasants, which despite the rumors that they had all died at the skirmish at mining town, nobody had ever found any trace of the mass graves. Berengar was truly a master at hiding bodies.

Berengar's exploits were advancing wonderfully; by now, the fields within the vicinity of the town of Kufstein were fully irrigated, His chemical laboratory was up and running, and he began to produce various things within it. Though he still lacked a dedicated team of chemists to work full time on chemistry, he managed to work on some small projects when he found the time. His flax farms and textile factory were either fully operational or close to completion. The labor force of Kufstein had grown quite rapidly after the implementation of irrigation, which allowed Berengar to open up a separate production line for agricultural equipment like the steel plow, the combine harvester, seeder etc. On the other hand, After the skirmish at the mining town, the volunteer militia was on a recruiting spree; they barely had enough time to equip their soldiers properly. By now, Berengar's artillery battery was full, and he had a total of 800 infantry. He was getting very close to his goals.

His spy network had produced great results, as Linde was able to uncover a long list of names of those who were in bed with Lambert, and Berengar was currently in the process of figuring out who to conspire against first. Linde had even managed to spread the web that was his informants to the other regions of the Barony of Kufstein. Rumors began to spread of the heroism Berengar showed in the face of death, how he was no longer a sickly lord, and how he was a benevolent lord to his people. This was all due to the network Linde had set up; she wanted to get rid of those filthy rumors regarding her lover as quickly as possible. Though they still prevailed among the nobility, many of whom had met Berengar in the past and had poor first impressions. The common people were more inclined to believe the rumors Linde spread, how he survived an assassination attempt only to lead a volunteer force of peasants armed with hand cannons to defeat the professional forces of Lord Ulrich von Wildsch?nau. Of course, the rumors she spread were greatly under exaggerated at first; over time, they had evolved to a point where they practically mirrored the truth of the battle.

Currently, Berengar was observing himself in the bathroom mirror; it had been a little over three months since he had been reincarnated in this world. He started out as a borderline emaciated, sickly youth. Now he had grown firmly into his body, which was well-toned with muscle, and though lean, he looked extraordinarily fit. He figured with the way this body was designed, he would never be as muscular as his past life, but that was fine, considering his princely face would not look well combined with the hyper-masculine body of a soldier. It would be a damn shame to ruin his regal appearance with the obsession of becoming a warrior again. He was not a soldier in this life, but a Nobleman, and one day maybe even an Emperor.

His ambitions had grown wildly since the battle with Ulrich's forces. He had no desire to be Holy Roman Emperor. Instead, he had the desire to carve an Empire of his own from the German-Speaking regions. It was still four centuries too early for the German Empire to come into existence, but he would speed up the process in this timeline. As a man of German descent in his previous life, and an Austrian noble in this life, he felt it was his destiny to unite the German people into one cohesive Empire. He was a strong believer in the concept of the nation-state and felt that complex multi-ethnic, multilingual Empires were a lot more difficult to manage and would eventually become unstable. He did not know why, but seeing his peasant forces crush the feudal army of his enemy awoke something in him, he felt it would be a damn shame to squander his knowledge in a small region like a Barony, after all in all of the strategy games he played in his old life, he was never content with being in charge of a minor nation.

For now, those lofty ambitions would have to wait, his engagement ceremony was in a few days, and it would be an exceptional occasion. Not only were his father's vassals and their family's going to arrive in Kufstein, but also the Count of Steiermark and his family, as well as the Count of Tyrol. Linde forced Berengar's hand and thus he invited her father to arrive, not because she particularly cared about respecting the alliance his family had forged with her father, but because she wanted an official invitation, rather than just being present. She no longer cared about her father's ambitions; he was not a man fit to be Duke, let alone King; but in her eyes Berengar was.

By now, some of the families had already arrived and were lodging in Sieghard's estate. He was deeply concerned about a lack of rooms for guests, and as such, during the past month, he had a special lodging area built for the excessive amounts of families who would be arriving. The areas were essentially Chateus designed by Berengar; they appeared similar to Castles but did not have the defensive structures and were quite luxurious. They could very well afford the expense after the massive sale of steel.

After Berenger had finished admiring his appearance in the mirror and gotten properly dressed in his opulent attire, he slicked back his hair with pomade and left the bathroom. Today was a new day, and he had many guests to greet alongside Adela. There were also many on the list of his enemies that appeared, and he would do his best to come to know their weaknesses in the following days. Not a single soul who plotted against him would escape his fury.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33: Tea Time
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was holding Adela's hand as he walked side-by-side with her into the dining room, where many of the guests visiting for their engagement ceremony were currently staying and enjoying a lavish meal. The noblemen and women of various stature could not help themselves from complimenting the chefs and the fine cuisine they had served to the guests. Of course, it was all of Berengar's favorites and the culinary knowledge he brought with him from his previous life. Though certain foods were missing from the dishes due to the inability to source them, the main staples of what would become german cooking were all spread out in a feast for the Lord and Ladies to enjoy at their leisure.

When Berengar entered the room, he was wearing a fine black velvet doublet with golden embroidery. Worn over the doublet was an exquisite sleeveless black fur coat. His trousers were matching black velvet and were well-tailored, and he currently wore knee-high leather riding boots. All of which were recently made. Atop his neck and over his shoulders was a golden chain embellished in black gemstones. His extravagant attire was recently manufactured in his fledgling textile industry and was in the style of the Tudor era, which had yet to exist in this timeline. To the medieval lords and ladies who gathered in the room, his renaissance style attire was new and luxurious. The moment the nobility laid their eyes upon the young Lord and his unique fashion sense, they could not help but feel astonished and envious at the same time. Was this really the sickly and petty young lord they all knew?

Though they had all heard the rumors of Berengar's recent transformation, none of them had truly believed it until the moment they laid eyes upon him. Adela, of course, was standing next to him, holding his hand and wearing a Tudor-style dress in the same black and gold color scheme. Despite her age, she appeared quite ravishing standing next to her betrothed; many of the eligible bachelors instantly became furious that a lowly Baron's son like Berengar had snatched up such a fine young woman. They could not understand what the Count of Steiermark was thinking, allowing his youngest daughter to be wed to the son of a family of such low nobility. Of course, Otto was not the only count marrying one of his daughters to Sieghard's sons.

With the arrival of the Count of Steiermark and the Count of Tyrol came many of their subjects paying respects to their lieges and their attendance at what would normally be a local affair. There were far more nobles at the occasion than what was initially projected, and there were many more to come in the following days. From Steiermark and Tyrol, nobles of all positions could be found in Kufstein at the moment. Many of which were not even aware of Berengar's existence before his engagement to Adela. Still, they did their best to appease him, as they could tell by the presence of two Counts at a celebration that he personally called for, that perhaps one day Berengar would become an important figure in the Duchy of Austria.

Linde was standing in the crowd next to Lambert as she watched Berengar and Adela arrive in the newly designed fashion with a great deal of envy in her heart. Why had Berengar not presented her with such a fine dress? Obviously, she knew it would not be appropriate for him to do so, and if she waltzed around wearing such a fine dress, her father and fiance would immediately become suspicious of where she had acquired it. Yet the young woman could not prevent such feelings as she gazed upon Berengar and his future bride standing in the middle of the dining hall basking in the glory.

Just as Berengar had planned, the nobles saw the luxurious new outfits Adela and himself were sporting and could not help but approach the two and inquire about where they purchased such fine clothing. Of course, Berengar revealed that it was designed and manufactured in his family's territory within the new textile factories he personally owned. If the nobility wanted to purchase the new fashion designs for themselves, they would have to negotiate with him personally. Thus a new, and lucrative trade was born on the spot.

Through much effort and expense, Berengar had begun to grow flax and had imported a great deal of the material alongside silk to produce these designs. Though at the moment, the flax was still growing and had yet to be harvested. The factory was fully constructed. However, it was currently operating at minimum capacity, as only a single unit of each of the new inventions was set in the large building. Those inventions include the spinning jenny, the spinning mule, the flying shuttle, and the water frame. Considering his industrial district was built near the river Inn he had ample water power to use in both the steel and textile industries.

As of now, he could only produce a small quantity of clothing, but it was more than enough to appease the nobles in front of him and their desires to buy the new style of fashion in which Berengar had personally introduced. Though now was not the time to talk business; instead, it was the time to build alliances and conspire against his enemies. Berengar and Adela spent much of the day socializing with the other nobles; in this feudal era, building alliances were important.

Berengar sat at the head of the table as he associated with the other young nobles, drinking fine chamomile tea as he snacked on apple strudel and lebkuchen cookies. The other nobles of his age were delighted by the delicacies in front of them, which Berengar boasted of being the invention of the local chefs. He would not take credit for too many things, else nobody would believe him.

A young lady who was quite attractive could not help but exclaim in joy as she tasted pfeffernusse for the first time.

"Adela, you are so lucky; I would be so happy if I could snack on such treats each day."

Adela could not help but smile at the compliment; the truth was she was quite used to snacking on these things. She had even begun to exercise more to maintain her petite physique; she would never want to become fat and unattractive in Berengar's eyes. Berengar, on the other hand, goaded the girl on and handed her a slice of cheesecake.

"Try this; I promise you will love it!"

The young lady who had a passion for pfeffernusse tasted the german cheesecake and immediately fell in love with it. Linde was observing Berengar's behavior while snacking on her favorite foods at the other side of the table. She was not as into sweets as Adela was and preferred the actual meals, like schnitzel. As long as she could get a good jaeger schnitzel with a side of spaetzle and a good lager to go with it, she was satisfied. That just so happened to be Berengar's favorite meal, too; of course, a crucial component of the meal was missing, but Linde had no way of knowing it.

The more Berengar ate his favorite food, the more he missed the potato pancakes and chocolate desserts that he grew up with as a staple in his previous life's household. He desperately wished he could speed up time to send out an expedition to South America and get his hands on cocoa and potatoes. However, patience was a virtue, and whether he liked it or not, he would have to wait until he had enough power, influence, and wealth to sponsor such a voyage. Thus he opted to enjoy the fine cuisine in front of him as he was thankful he could dine on such treasures regularly.

On the other hand, Lambert was surrounded by his allies, who all began to chat among themselves about the lack of a certain Lord who was a core part of the alliance. A young man in which Berengar recognized as Ser Ingbert Heltzer; was currently conversing with Lambert about Ulrich's absence.

"Is it true? Was Ulrich killed by a stray projectile fired by a hand cannon in the hands of a peasant?"

Lambert could not help but furrow his brows and facepalm at such a remark. He had no way of knowing if his brother's claims were true as nobody could find Ulrich's body. Officially, Berengar was so disgusted with Ulrich's behavior that he left his body for the wolves. Though the men beneath Berengar's command all confirmed the story was true, there was no way of knowing precisely how Ulrich had perished in battle without a body. However, as far as his father was concerned, Berengar spoke the truth, and as such, Ulrich was condemned as a fool who had marched upon an entrenched enemy position and had met his fate at the hands of lady luck.

The Lordship of Wildsch?nau was in a rough state at the moment, a large portion of their workforce had disappeared overnight, they had no professional army to call upon in the event of a war, the von Kufsteins seized their largest source of income, and a small child was at the head of the household. The child-lord was present for this ceremony, accompanied by his regent, who the von Kufsteins appointed; this said a lot about how the feudal overlords currently viewed the von Wildsch?nau family. Truthfully they got off easy compared to others who have attempted something similar in the past. The fact that Ulrich's family was still in possession of most of their lands and their lives was a testament to the benevolent nature of Sieghard.

Still, the result of Ulrich's attempt on Berengar's life made many of the other lords and knights in Lambert's corner hesitant to provide any more support than they already have. If it weren't for the Count of Tyrol backing Lambert, most of his support would have vanished after Ulrich's death. Despite supporting Lambert, the Count of Tyrol was absolutely livid at the boy's repeated failures to get the job done. Looking upon Berengar, how healthy he appeared, how graceful he was when talking with the other Lords and Ladies, and how prosperous his industries were becoming, the old Count could not help but feel like he had backed the wrong horse. Who was the idiot who told him that Berengar was a sickly, idle fool!?! If he had known the truth about Berengar sooner, he would have engaged his beloved daughter to him instead. Damn that Lambert for deceiving him!

However, the more Count Lothar watched Berengar, the more he came to realize that he desperately needed to install Lambert on the throne; even if it were possible for him to switch sides now, he would not do so. Every word Berengar spoke to the other nobles was carefully chosen to present himself in a better light. The young man was cunning, too cunning. It was obvious to Lothar that even if he could marry his beloved daughter to Berengar, the young lord would not be so easily fooled into giving up Kufstein's iron reserves in which Count Lothar desperately needed to achieve his greater ambitions. What Lothar needed was a pawn, and Lambert fit that role perfectly. The boy was exceptionally eager to give up his family's most valuable resources so that he could be with the Count's daughter. It was truly, and utterly pathetic, yet Lothar still agreed to the betrothal of his dearest daughter to the pitiful baron's son anyway, for he would never become Duke of Austria without Kufstein's iron reserves.

As Count Lothar was inspecting Berengar with his discerning eye, so too was Berengar examining Count Lothar. Currently, the Count of Tyrol was the greatest threat to Berengar's existence. Though the Count's daughter had fallen under his control, and Berengar could expect to be one step ahead of the Count, and his Brother, the young lord, did not feel safe knowing that such a powerful man was after his life. Nevertheless, he did not display a hint of his internal hostility towards the Count. As Lambert was discussing with his allies the loss of their partner in crime, one of the young ladies fawning over Berengar brought up the tale of his battle with Ulrich, by now the rumors had spread far and wide and had become greatly exaggerated, the rumor had now become so inflated that even his actual accomplishment no longer seemed so impressive.

"Berengar, I heard that you personally commanded an army of 100 men while previously wounded from the attempt on your life against an army led by that dastardly Ulrich who had over 2000 of his own troops! Surely the mad man must have emptied his fields to take your life!"

Berengar struggled to maintain his composure as he heard the absurd lengths the rumors had reached; he was good, but not that good! He had to correct this mistake while still making it seem like his feat was grand. Thus he decided to tell the whole truth, of course, to the many observers who were aware of the official numbers what Berengar was about to say would seem like he was conceding ground, to appear humble while still greatly exaggerating the battle.

"I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you; the reality of the situation was that I was facing 1600 men, with 600 of my own. Still, with our hand cannons, we gunned down hundreds of their men before they finally broke ranks and fled like the cowards they were..."

The girl did not seem disappointed in the slightest. Instead, she had sparkles in her eyes as she heard the exact details of the battle from the man himself. Granted, he did not deny the part of him being grievously injured, despite only having minor injuries and dehydration. On the other hand, Lambert nearly spat out his drink when he heard his brother's wild claim. The way Berengar espoused such a hyperbolic tale was without a hint of dishonesty on his face. Either Berengar was the greatest bullshitter Lambert had ever seen, or he was actually telling the truth. The youth struggled to wrap his head around what was real and what was dishonesty.

Ultimately the meeting between the various nobles and Berengar was split into two factions sitting across the table as if battle lines were drawn. Those who supported Berengar tended to be of the younger generation, few of which had already succeeded their fathers; most were heirs like Berengar or even second sons. The other faction supported Lambert, and most of them were of the older generation, those who were currently in a seat of power and had been for some time. If one were not aware of the deadly war of intrigue fought in the shadows of these two brothers, then they would not understand the full context of the seating arrangement that had occurred. Either way, the friendships Berengar made at this table with the younger generation of nobles from across Austria would one day become the backbone of his power base.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34: There is Something Else...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Throughout the day, Berengar entertained his guests with his fiancee well nearby to make him look good. She was cordial and graceful in every regard, a proper partner to Berengar's natural charm. The two built quite the lasting impression on the nobles who visited the von Kufstein family's estate. He had begun to make progress in forming alliances with the capable youth of the younger generation. He had no use for an ally who could not pull his own weight as such; Berengar would not waste his time with the indolent and frivolous young lords and ladies who could not even count to ten. Sadly it appeared like they were the majority of the noble offspring throughout the realm. He, too, had once been like them, spoiled rotten and never using his brain.

Most of the people Berengar entertained were either the offspring of Barons or Viscounts from throughout the Counties of Steiermark and Tyrol. They were roughly in the same position as he himself and could provide sufficient support to his plans if he were to build an alliance with them. Sadly there were not too many exceptional members of the lower nobility in this generation, and they mostly clung to the corner forming a small social clique among themselves. Most Barons who were not their direct liege would not give them the time of day due to their low status, let alone Viscounts or Counts and their families.

Currently, Berengar did not have time to oversee his projects personally; as such, he left them in the capable commands of administrators he placed in charge of them. Ludwig, as per usual, was in charge of his burgeoning industrial sector, Gunther was tasked with implementing his many agricultural innovations, and Eckhard took personal command of the matters that pertained to the militia. As for the militia, their activities were suspended during the duration of the visitor's stay. Berengar could not very well have information leaked about the effectiveness of his weapons. Such a thing could prove disastrous to his plans. As such, the militia was given a slight reprieve from the arduous task of basic training.

Though they had been victorious in a single battle, it was against mostly poorly equipped levies, who foolishly rushed a well-entrenched position, the troops in Berengar's battalion still had to complete basic and specialized training if they were to become an army fully capable of annihilating their enemies in the fields. Though they were far more accepting of their training and its methods after personally witnessing the results they had yielded during that fateful day when they slaughtered Ulrich's forces and rescued their Commander. It was a story many of them would be telling their grandkids someday in the distant future.

The next few days, he would be busy socializing with the nobility visiting for the massive party he was celebrating for Adela. He had a large surprise in mind for the young girl. He decided it was about time to introduce some renaissance era culture, particularly ballroom culture, which would not come about naturally for at least another century. Of course, Berengar only knew one dance from his previous life, the waltz, so it might be fairer to say he would be implementing an aspect of early modern culture.

Berengar did not have time or permission to extend the castle to contain a ballroom; as such, he built a public platform in the town square for the occasion. Eventually, he would like to construct a more modern palace that would obviously contain such a necessity and do away with the Castles altogether. After all, once his weapons spread across Europe's great powers, the mighty stone walls of the medieval era would become obsolete.

Though he had no plans to sell his weapons to others, it was only a matter of time before they were recovered and reverse-engineered, at least to some extent. It might take years or even decades at the current pace of things, but muskets and cannons would rule the battlefields of Europe far earlier in this timeline than in his old life, and when they did, large castles would become a thing of the past.

Lately, Berengar had been drafting plans in his spare time to turn Kufstein into a functioning city; it was a distant dream at this point, but one he intended to make a reality within his lifetime. If he were to achieve his aspirations, he would need a grand city to be his seat of power, and he refused to leave behind his family's lands just because other areas were more developed.

At the moment, Berengar found himself working on the layout for the proposed City of Kufstein. It was late at night, and his guests had retired for the evening. He had even sent Adela to her room who was exhausted after socializing with the noble families who had arrived early. Currently, an oil lamp illuminated the large stone room in which he resided. It was just about midnight, and any moment now, he could expect a knock on his door and a particularly jealous Linde to appear and demand her share of attention for the day. After all, she had to sit in Lambert's corner and could not converse with her lover throughout the time, all while watching him act lovingly towards Adela.

Sure enough, the knock came on the door, and when Berengar opened it, he found Linde with an adorable pouting expression as she forced her way into his room and jumped into his embrace. However, before she could kiss Berengar's lips, he raised a hand and blocked her attempt before sitting down upon the bed and motioning for her to sit next to him. Their nightly fun could wait; he had important matters to discuss with his spymaster. Linde, never one to refuse one of Berengar's orders, sat down next to him and latched onto his arm, and buried it into her bosom while wearing a wide smile on her face.

Berengar, who was used to the vixen's antics by now, did not react in the slightest and merely continued with his train of thought.

"So your father appears to be displeased with my brother..."

Linde could not help but chuckle at the statement; it was true that her father was currently furious with Lambert. Not only had he failed once again to assassinate Berengar, but he also managed to cost Lothar a serious amount of raw materials. After all, Ulrich had been digging up more iron than he had reported to his Liege and was selling it on the side to Lothar at a lowered price. It was part of the alliance they had reached. Now that Ulrich was dead and his mines confiscated by Sieghard, he was no longer getting a regular shipment of iron from Kufstein. Thus his plans to equip his armies with the best weapons and armor around had begun to come to a halt. Though the Count could acquire iron from other regions, he had already invested heavily in his alliance with Lambert and wanted a return soon.

Linde was aware of all of this and could not help but laugh at the fact that her lover's enemies would never be able to accomplish their objectives.

"Father is furious with your little brother. However, that also means he is going to be pressuring Lambert into acting against you again. This time try not to get caught in their trap... I don't know what I would do without you."

Berengar noticed the distressed look on the girl's face and began to pat her head to comfort her.

"I admit that I was careless last time. I promise you I will not make such a mistake again."

Linde could not help but smile at the promise he made; there was a fierce look of determination in Berengar's eyes, which she took as a sign that he would stay true to his words. Afterward, Linde spoke her greatest concern that had been bothering her all day, but she had no way to inform Berengar until now.

"There is something else..."

Berengar raised his brow; by the way the beautiful young woman was acting, it was something serious. As such, he poured himself a glass of wine while offering one to the heavenly beauty next to him. However, to his surprise, she refused. Instead of accepting the wine, she glanced up at him with an unyielding gaze while resting her hand on her abdomen.

"I am pregnant..."

It took a moment for those words to register in Berengar's brain. As he nonchalantly took a sip of wine, however, while in the middle of drinking the red wine, he realized what she had said and nearly choked upon it. He stared at her in disbelief as he struggled to understand her words.

"You are what?"

Linde turned back to a pouting expression as she saw that Berengar was not as excited as she was; in fact, he was deeply concerned about the whole situation.

"You heard me! I am pregnant. You are going to be a father."

Berengar did his best to maintain his composure as he slowly drank his wine while maintaining a dignified appearance. This was not something he expected; of course, with the way those two had been going at it every night for the past month and a half, it was something he seriously should have anticipated. His brain rapidly thought of a solution; after all, she was not even married to her fiance yet; that alone would be a scandal, but the truth of the matter was her fiance was not the father. If anyone found out about that, her reputation would be ruined for life. Berengar had to prevent that from happening for multiple reasons; chiefly among them is that it would seriously damper his diplomatic relations if people found out he had been fooling around with his little brother's betrothed. After several moments of intense thought, he finally came to the best conclusion he could think of.

"Say it is Lambert's!"

He said sternly as he ordered his lover like a domineering master. She was shocked; deep down, she hoped Berengar would officially recognize the child and make it a legitimate bastard. That way, it would have a claim to his titles, and she would not have to marry Lambert. Instead, he said something which sounded asinine, and she immediately voiced her concerns.

"Lambert? Even if I said it was his, he would never believe me. I have never slept with him!"

Berengar glared at the girl menacingly. The thought of his brother touching his lover enraged him to the core; his voice was slightly raised as he chastised her.

"And you never will!"

Realizing that he had raised his voice, Berengar calmed himself down and exhaled deeply before putting on a wide smile and touched Linde's frightened face with his firm but loving palm.

"You don't need him to sleep with you to make him think it is his; get him really drunk, strip his clothes off and lie down next to him. When he wakes up in the morning, tell him that the two of you slept together. Make it look convincing, spill some blood on the sheets, so he doesn't suspect anything."

Afterward, he kissed his lover for several moments before apologizing.

"I'm sorry, I know your desires for the future of our child, but I'm in a precarious situation right now. I don't have the luxury to take responsibility for this at the moment. Maybe one day I can proclaim to the world that this child is mine and the love we have for each other, but for now, it is not in the cards. Please understand..."

Linde wiped away a tear that had been forming in her beautiful sky blue eyes. Before nodding in acceptance to Berengar's request.

"I understand, and I will do what you have asked."

Afterward, the couple spent the night together in each other's embrace, celebrating the conception of new life. Completely unaware of the troubles that would follow because of the birth of this child. After all, who could know the distant future?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35: A Night to Remember
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several days had passed since Berengar initially found out that he would soon be a father, and so far, the couple had not told a soul. Currently, Berengar was having breakfast and entertaining his guests alongside Adela. It was the day of his Engagement Ceremony, and all of the invited nobles had safely arrived in Kufstein. During these past few days, Berengar had schemed with Linde to set up her fiance as the official father to her child. The plan would go into effect tonight. Lambert's 16th birthday was nearly a month away, and she would push for a wedding as quickly as possible to conceal the fact that the pregnancy was out of wedlock. Something in which her father would go through great lengths to hide. If successful the only people who would be aware of the child's true lineage were the parents themselves.

Berengar had become quite the expert in maintaining his social grace among the elites of Austria who were gathered at his family's estate. By now, all of the undesirable rumors about him had begun to fade in the minds of those at the party; they had become well accustomed to the new and improved Berengar. During this time, Berengar did not stand idly by and merely entertain his guests. He had set in place several transactions for steel and textiles. Which would bring in quite a fair degree of wealth for his family. These trade agreements would eventually blossom into friendships and perhaps even alliances one day. With each passing day, his father looked more favorably upon him; Berengar was certain that the day until he has officially declared regent of his family's lands was near.

Currently, he was engaged in discussion with his future father-in-law about the state of affairs of his steel-making industry.

"Rest assured, Count Otto, we are working on improving the production rate of steel. We have already begun to implement a second production line in our industrial district. Before long, we will be able to produce twice the amount of steel that we are currently able to manage."

Essentially what Berengar meant was that more beehive ovens, blast furnaces, and Bessemer converters were currently undergoing production. With the decrease in needed farmhands, many unemployed farmers were actively transitioning to factory work or skilled trades. With each passing day, the Town of Kufstein was transforming from a small agricultural town to an actual city, filled with a wide degree of diversity in professions.

The count smiled as he heard the news; he would continue to purchase steel from Berengar; after all, the quality and quantity of the steel, Berengar produced far outmatched anyone else he knew of. Though Berengar had plans to use the steel in many aspects, he still sold off the surplus to those interested, and there were plenty who wanted a piece of the pie. The Count now decided to switch to a more personal topic to make sure Berengar was a good match for his youngest daughter.

"Are you attracted to my daughter?"

Berengar did not expect such a question. Nevertheless, he could not honestly say that she was too young for him to get excited over. Otherwise, Adela might take it the wrong way, and she was carefully observing his reaction. For some time now, she had been suspecting that Berengar thought of her as a little kid, or even worse, a little sister. He never gazed at her the way she saw him stare at Linde during the night of their first encounter, and that bothered her.

"She is quite the beautiful young lady, with many years ahead of her to mature into her body."

Berengar's response to Count Otto's question was satisfactory for the old nobleman, but to Adela, she could tell what he really meant and pouted at the answer as she muttered under her breath.

"Stupid Berengar..."

Though nobody had heard her dissatisfied statement, Berengar could tell by the expression on the young girl's face that she was sulking. It became apparent to him that she had understood his hidden meaning in the statement. Count Otto, on the other hand, nodded his head slowly and accepted his words.

"Good, it is important for a couple to be attracted to one another. I know I certainly would have never married my wife if she was a dog-faced woman."

Berengar nearly laughed at the statement and the look upon his wife's face, who was sitting next to the Count as she heard her husband's words. Count Otto was a slim man well into his forties; he had short golden blonde hair and a clean-shaven face. However, unlike his daughter, he had emerald green eyes. It was the Countess whom Adela had inherited her deep sapphire eyes from. A trait in which was commonly shared between Berengar and the two of them. After all, Adela's mother was Berengar's aunt and had thus come from the same gene pool as Berengar and his family.

Berengar's aunt was named Wanda and had married the count many years ago, much like her daughter, she was also quite young when she was betrothed to her husband, and he was considerably older than her. Thus she was in the middle of her thirties, and like all members of Berengar's family, was quite attractive.

The family would enjoy their meal and entertain the guests until the mid of the day. Afterward, Berengar successfully slipped away from the endless number of guests who were at Kufstein with the sole purpose of visiting him. He tried to decompress from the stress of talking to so many unknown people for so many hours. It was not until the start of the feast that Berengar finally re-emerged from his solitude. The feast was held outside in the center of the town, it was a fine spring evening, and a gentle breeze in the air enhanced the wholesome atmosphere.

There was a gated area that contained a variety of tables and dishes atop them. Many noblemen and women were enjoying their food, wine, and beer as they engaged in conversation. It was not until Berengar stood up from his chair and led Adela over to the large dance floor erected under his orders. He was dressed in a particularly dazzling outfit for the evening, and standing beside him was Adela, who was equally lavishly dressed. Berengar held onto the girl's hand and asked her a question she was not expecting. In front of the audience, which caused her to become slightly embarrassed.

"May I have this dance."

She did not know how to respond and nodded her head in curiosity. As such, Berengar took her up on the dance floor in front of all of the nobles who were watching with inquisitive gazes. Their sight cast upon Berengar and Adela as the couple waltzed together to the music which played in the background. Though Adela was unaware of the intricacies of the waltz, she quickly caught on as Berengar led her through the paces. As the sun began to set, the two danced together throughout the early night under the illumination of a thousand candles and the full moon above.

Though the men in the audience initially scoffed at the sight of the couple dancing, the women were instantly inspired by the extraordinary sight and quickly became envious of Adela. Soon enough, they asked their partners to take them up to dance as well. Though they did not know the waltz, they still participated in traditional folk dances of the regions they were from. From the sidelines, peasants gazed upon the various feudal powers of the regions as they engaged in a new tradition with various expressions. Some were envious, others were confused, and a few were just downright disinterested. Though one thing was certain to the townsfolk of Kufstein, Berengar was at it again with his crazy ideas.

Adela quickly became entranced by Berengar's wide smile as she danced the night away with him. It was only after a couple of hours of dancing and socializing when the two finally sat down. Many of the couples present continued to dance as the young lord, and his fiancee sat back down at the head table. Lambert had offered to dance with Linde, but she outright refused. If she were going to dance with any man, it would be Berengar; of course, she could not outright say that, so she stated that she thought the whole act was childish.

Berengar, on the other hand, had just begun his ploy to set up his little brother; as such he brought over a couple of mugs of beer and ordered the servants to keep them coming.

"Come, Lambert, let us drink in celebration of the upcoming union of your dearest elder brother."

Lambert's eyes instantly narrowed as he looked at Berengar with a great deal of suspicion. By now, Berengar was fully aware of the plots against him. Yet he was so cheerfully offering to drink with him in public. What was his angle? Nevertheless, Lambert could not refuse and cautiously took a sip from the beer; when he confirmed it was not poisoned, he began to drink more. After all, these last couple of days had been extremely tiresome for him, as Count Lothar was constantly berating him for his failures.

Before long, Lambert finished his drink, as did Berengar, and thus the young lord motioned for two more drinks to be brought to the table as he goaded on his little brother.

"Care for a friendly wager, little brother?"

Lambert's chilling gaze landed on Berengar as he wiped the beer residue from his mouth before asking what Berengar was implying.

"What kind of wager?"

Berengar gulped down the beer in his hand and placed his mug directly next to his first one.

"It's simple; we drink; the first man to drop has to run around the courtyard naked at the crack of dawn."

Lambert scoffed at Berengar's childish behavior, but he knew his brother was not much of a drinker, which would make this a good chance to embarrass him. Thus Lambert foolishly accepted the terms of the gamble and began to compete with his brother in the game of drink. The old Berengar may not have been much of a drinker, but as a soldier in his past life, who was often stuck in the barracks with nothing to do, Berengar had become quite the experienced drinker. He had no doubt he would outlast Lambert, though whether he won or lost really did not matter to him. Berengar's primary goal was to get Lambert so wasted he would have no recollection of the night before. In the worst-case scenario, Berengar would have to strip down and run around the castle courtyard at dawn; what was the old saying? He who dares wins?

As such, the brothers began to drink beer like there was no tomorrow, which did not go unnoticed by the other party-goers who began to cheer them on. As the two engorged themselves on alcohol. Berengar had a calm expression on his face; he was a veteran drinker who could have over a dozen beers and still be able to function properly the next day. Lambert, on the other hand, was far more of a lightweight than he expected. By the time Lambert had reached his sixth beer, he was practically slurring his words. Berengar could not prevent his lips from curling up into a sneer when he saw the sight, which only acted as instigation for Lambert to drink more. By the time they reached 15 beers, Lambert was on the verge of passing out, and Berengar's cognitive faculties were mostly intact.

Seeing the state Lambert was in, Linde finally urged the two boys to stop their contest.

"Let's call it a draw, shall we boys? It's getting late."

Lambert was thoroughly hammered at this point and could barely form a sentence.

"Daz... right... Draw?"

Berengar chuckled lightly before he accepted the terms

"Fine, we will call it a draw. Get some rest, little brother."

With that, he stood up from his chair and left with Adela towards the castle; he trusted Linde to take care of the rest. Linde, of course, instantly helped up her drunk fiance and dragged him off to his room. Where he quickly passed out, by the time he woke up, he would have a horrible hangover and a complete and total lack of memory of what happened the night before. He would also be facing a serious crisis, as Linde had done exactly as Berengar asked and made it seem like the two of them slept together. When in reality, nothing happened between the couple.

As for the rest of the nobles who enjoyed the celebration to the fullest, this would be a night they would remember for the rest of their lives. One in which they could not thank Berengar enough for providing. After this night two traditions were born in the Duchy of Austria, throwing lavish parties to celebrate one's engagement, and ballroom dancing...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36: A Difficult Negotiation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Days had passed, and all of the guests who were present for Berengar's Ceremony had departed. All except for Count Lothar, who was in the middle of a fierce debate with Sieghard about Lambert's supposed affair with Linde. Strictly speaking, they were not supposed to engage in such behavior before their wedding night, and Linde purposely made it seem like she was pressured into the occasion by a drunken and belligerent Lambert. Though nothing actually happened between the two, the only people aware of that fact were Berengar and Linde who used this opportunity to sow division between Lambert and his greatest backer. As far as both families were concerned, Lambert had done the deed with Linde during Berengar's engagement ceremony, and it would not be long before Linde revealed she was pregnant to the two families. However, there was still some time between now and then.

Berengar sat in the great hall and listened to the bickering of the two old men as he dined on schnitzel, which the cooks had prepared for him. He washed it down with a flagon of beer and enjoyed the scene of Lambert being scolded by the two feudal lords who were furious with his behavior. Linde had done more than Berengar had asked and made it seem like Lambert had practically forced himself on the poor girl; of course, Lambert had no memories of the time he spent with Linde and deeply regretted it. If he really did as she claimed, then the worst part of it was that he could not remember what her naked body looked like or how it felt. She had covered herself thoroughly with the sheets when he awoke to the scene and could not a get a good glimpse of her bare figure.

Linde was standing next to her father with a downcast expression; she was an excellent actor and could play the victim's part quite well. Lothar was spouting his demands to Sieghard as he pointed his finger at him menacingly.

"Unacceptable! I will not stand for this; I demand some form of compensation for my daughter's chastity, which your errant son violated! Just because they are betrothed does not mean he can force himself on my daughter as he pleases!"

Sieghard was trying to manage the situation and felt deeply embarrassed by Lambert's actions; though he knew the boy's relationship with his fiancee was tense, he had no idea that his prized son would act in such a way after having a few beers.

"I promise, I will do my best to make this right, but what is it exactly you are asking from me?"

Lothar was genuinely not too appalled by Lambert's behavior; in fact, it was doing him a great favor; this gave him cause to demand a portion of Kufstein's iron reserves. Which he immediately requested.

"I demand 25 percent of Kufstein's iron reserves in return for your son's actions."

Sieghard was outraged by such a demand that was giving away a massive pile of wealth, especially now that Berengar had managed to find a way to turn all of that iron into steel in an efficient manner. As such, he pounded his fist on the armrest of his seat of power and refused Lothar's demands.

"Absolutely not! you are trying to rob me!"

Count Lothar frowned at the insinuation and retorted properly

"Rob you? A lowly Baron like you may not be aware of this, but Linde's chastity has an extreme degree of political significance attached to it as a Count's daughter. If your Barony were not so rich in minerals, I would have married her off to a Duke!"

At this point, Berengar had put down his fork and got off his chair while tidying his mouth with his napkin. Afterward, he walked over to the center of the Great Hall, where the two noblemen were bickering. As the man tasked by his father with leading the industrial sector, he had a great deal of say on how its resources were managed. There was not a single possibility that Berengar would allow Lothar to have his way.

"Pardon me, My Lord, but I don't believe that such a request is even remotely reasonable. At most, I would be willing to sell you a supply of steel at a discounted price. I will not under any circumstances hand over the resources of my industrial district because of the improper actions of my little brother."

Lothar was thoroughly outraged by this interruption and the offer. Who did this kid think he was to so boldly interrupt a conversation between two lords?

"Under whose authority do you gain the power to negotiate with a man of my standing? I'm busy talking to your father, little boy; you'd best go back to eating your meal."

Berengar chuckled at the vicious response he was given by Count Lothar, who was in all technicality his liege.

"I'm afraid to say that my father has delegated all responsibility of the mines and steel industry of the region into my hands. If you want to demand compensation in the form of minerals, I'm the one you need to be discussing this with."

Lothar glared menacingly at Berengar; if this were true, he would have a much more difficult time getting what he desired from the von Kufstein family. Sieghard was mostly compliant and was not nearly as cunning as Berengar. Over the past few days, Lothar had observed Berengar and his dealings with the other nobles and discovered that he was an incredibly shrewd young man. Berengar would not crumble under pressure Lothar held as Count and would fight tooth and nail to make sure every aspect of the deal was favorable to his position.

Lothar walked over to Berengar and stared the young man down, a challenge from which Berengar did not back down. Rather he returned Lothar's vicious gaze with a smug smile as if no matter what Count Lothar did or said, the negotiations would ultimately be in his favor. This haughty expression further enraged Lothar to the point where he wanted to backhand the arrogant youth.

"I demand 25 percent I will not leave here until I get it."

Berengar had struggled to contain his laughter; aggressive negotiations like this would never work on a man like himself. For it to do so, Berengar would have to fear the power in the hands of Count Lothar, and considering that fact that the young Lord could bring forth the power of nearly 1000 guns and unleash it upon the Count's feudal army, he did not fear, nor respect the meager power in which the proud Count held. As such, he calmly denied Lothar's demands.

"Then make yourself comfortable because it looks like you're going to be here for the rest of your life. Do you understand the value of a quarter of our iron reserves when converted into steel?"

Lothar wanted to throttle the boy for his arrogance. How dare he speak to his liege in such a condescending manner. He would have to teach this boy a valuable lesson.

"Bah, and I suppose you have the ability to convert such a large amount of iron ore into steel? Do not jest with me, boy. It would take a lifetime to make that much steel!"

Berengar did not say anything; he just stood there with a satisfied smile on his face. If the Count knew how much steel he was currently in possession of and how much he could produce in one batch, then the man would surely never have suggested such an absurdly high number. Eventually, Berengar broke the awkward silence between the two as he countered the Count's proposal.

"Here's what I can do, as an official apology from the von Kufstein family for my foolish little brother's unsightly behavior, I will cut the cost of steel sold to your family for the next ten years by 15%. That is the best I can offer you, any more than that, and I will be operating at a loss."

The brow on Lothar's forehead began to twitch uncontrollably as he struggled to contain his anger.

"Operating at a loss? Your brother has stolen my daughter's chastity, and you're concerned about operating at a loss?"

Berengar did not say anything; he just smiled and nodded his head. Truthfully he had not calculated the demands that Lothar would make into his scheme. He figured that his father would pay Lothar a small amount of gold and silver in compensation, which would be the end of it. However, Lothar had made a ridiculous demand that allowed Berengar to take control of the conversation. He now fully intended to make a profit off of framing his little brother.

Lothar approached Berengar very closely and whispered to him in a voice that only the two of them could hear.

"Do you think your pathetic little Barony could withstand the might of the County of Tyrol if I were to order my bannermen to march upon your house?"

Though Lothar had boldly threatened Berengar in an attempt to get the young lad to back down, he did not get the result he expected. Instead, Berengar smiled devilishly as he whispered back to the old Count.

"My Lord, do you think it is wise to send your men to die in Kufstein when your forces will be needed elsewhere soon enough?"

The Count stood stupefied upon hearing those words. Either this young man was referring to his plots to overthrow the Duke, or he was referring to the upcoming civil war that everyone with half a brain knew was on the horizon. Either way, he was absolutely right. He could not afford to send the armies beneath his control into Kufstein to punish them over such a small matter. His bluff had been called, and now the old Count had to admit defeat. With great reluctance, he whispered back towards Berengar.

"I accept your terms on the condition that the price of steel purchased from your lands is reduced by 20%."

Berengar's smile was so wide that it had practically taken up the entire lower half of his face at this point; just now, he had been victorious with the negotiation. All that remained was to see how much of a profit margin he could scrape together from this deal.

"17% and I will cover transportation, take it or leave it that is my final offer..."

Everyone else was looking at the two who were so close that their faces were practically touching, on the face of Count Lothar was a large scowl; he felt awful not getting what he wanted, but at least he was getting a better deal with Berengar than he was from Ulrich, and better yet it would be steel ingots, not iron ore that would be shipped to him. Though his daughter's chastity had been violated ahead of her wedding, at the very least, he could gain something from the occasion; after all, he still needed Lambert to succeed Berengar if he was eventually going to get the resources he needed. If anything, this harsh negotiation served as a reminder that Berengar needed to die if the Count's ambitions were to become a reality.

Little did The Count of Tyrol know that this whole scenario was a ploy from Berengar to pin Linde's pregnancy on Lambert. If Lothar were aware that not only was his daughter's chastity taken by Berengar long ago but that she was also pregnant with the scoundrel's bastard child, then he would have had the urge to draw his sword at that moment and drive it through Berengar's black heart. But, he did not know, and as such, he pretended to be nice to Berengar as he accepted the young lord's offer.

"Deal."

Afterward, Lothar turned away from Berengar and put on an act

"You drive a hard bargain Berengar von Kufstein; out of the respect that I have for your family, I will agree to your terms. Come Linde; it is about time you return home...

Berengar nearly laughed at the old man's poor performance; however, he instantly became aggrieved when he heard the last part of his sentence. There was no way he was going to allow this old bastard to seize his lover from him. However, before he could protest, Linde stood up to her father.

"I'm not going!"

Lothar stopped in his tracks as he turned around and glared at his errant daughter.

"What did you just say?"

Linde was no longer afraid of her father's fury; now that she had Berengar protecting her, she knew there was nothing her father could do; however, she was also quick-witted and came up with a proper excuse to stay behind and spend her days with the father of her child.

"You need to have proper representation in whatever deal you just came to an agreement to with Berengar. I will stay behind and protect your interests."

Count Lothar was initially furious that his daughter wanted to stay behind after everything that had transpired, and also downright confused. However, it turned out that she was looking out for the family's interests like she always had. Her explanation made perfect sense, and the more he thought about it, the more he did not trust Berengar; somehow, that blaggard would screw him over; he could feel it in his bones. With Linde keeping a close eye on the boy, he had nothing to worry about. After all, she was clever enough to keep up with Berengar.

"Under those circumstances, I will allow you to stay. I will see you at your wedding."

Linde smiled and bowed to her father like a proper young lady.

"Of course, father. I will see you then."

Afterward, the Count departed from Kufstein, and thus the last guest on Berengar's list of invitations had left his family's regions. From now on, Berengar no longer had to entertain the nobility and could get back to his normal schedule. He had many things to take care of in the coming days, and he was just happy to have a bit of reprieve.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37: We Will See About That
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Lothar had departed from Kufstein, Berengar explained to his family the deal he had reached with the old Count. They were very pleased with the results, especially Sieghard, who was convinced that Berengar was fit to be his Regent after such a performance. A storm was brewing in the capital of the Kingdom of Germany, and Sieghard feared it would not be long before the war had ravaged the lands. Soon enough, he would be called off to battle once more, and when that happened, he would need a capable leader to rule in his stead. Initially, he was planning on placing one of his councilors as regent. However, these past few months, Berengar had transformed into a formidable young lord, one in which he knew would one day make a superior Baron to himself. It was such a pity that he could only allow his son to inherit this humble Barony. Berengar's potential as a ruler was so much greater than anyone he had ever met.

As such, Baron Sieghard von Kufstein had finalized the plans to declare his son the Regent of Kufstein; if for whatever reason he was forced to leave the dominion of his ancestors, it would be his son and heir who would have control while he was away. Tomorrow, he would fully declare to the family and his councilors that Berengar was to be Regent. For now, the Baron had to chastise his second son for making such a terrible mistake that, if not for Berengar's intervention, would have cost the family dearly. Lately, Lambert had been failing Sieghard's high expectations; if you were to ask him half a year ago which was his favorite son, it would be Lambert. Yet now Berengar was the shining star of the family, and Lambert was an utter disappointment; the roles of his two sons had reversed completely.

While Sieghard had a long and difficult conversation with Lambert, Berengar was currently overseeing the drills of his militia, alongside his second in command, Eckhard. Currently, his troops were equipped in entirely new garb. Berengar had used his textile factories and the imported materials to construct the uniforms of his militia. He had gained quite the eye for fashion ever since he was transmigrated into this world and was surrounded by luxuries. As such, the attire of his peasant militia was that of the Landsknecht, which were elite mercenaries of the 16th-century battlefields from Berengar's previous life. Their clothing was honestly quite flamboyant, but it looked fantastic from Berengar's perspective. The Landschnekt uniforms were all dyed in the colors of his house, which were black, and white, and gold. The NCOs and Officers were currently garbed in blackened steel munitions grade half-plate armor, with matching burgonets and gorgets. Each piece had an intricate brass pattern engraved across the armor.

Berengar was also properly equipped in the attire, though his outfit was even more garish than the other soldiers. He wore a waffenrock which was essentially a skirt that went over his pantaloons, and instead of a burgonet, he was equipped with a blackened steel skull cap, with a feathered Landsknecht hat that was dyed in the colors of his uniform and house. Unlike his officers, the trim of his armor was done with gold, showing off the wealth and prestige he had recently acquired, as well as his authority as the commander. He also wore a chain maille mantel over his gorget, which was made of blackened steel rings, except for the bottom two rows which were made of brass. All of the men were equipped with the anachronistic-looking 1417 Land Pattern Muskets, and they had their socket bayonets attached. Roughly 800 Men had been split into six companies who were currently training in line tactics.

For some time now, Berengar had been attempting to get his father to approve the manufacture of armor for his troops; initially, his father was adamant that all armor production be given priority to his standing army. However, the workforce of the arms industry in Kufstein was now much larger than it was before, and the exact equipment Sieghard requested for his army was fully fielded. Thus Berengar had finally gotten the approval he needed to equip his militia with the armor they desperately required, but that was a very recent event. Aside from the NCOs and Officers, very few men were currently equipped with proper armor. Still, it would not be long before his Army was the most well-equipped force in the world.

Truth be told, Sieghard was not exactly keen on adapting Berengar's military innovations, primarily because Berengar deliberately downplayed how revolutionary they were, but also because he was quite the traditionalist and believe the use of brigandine, mail, and gambeson for his standing army was a far superior quality than the munitions grade half plate, and outlandish clothing that Berengar's forces were currently equipped with. He would be absolutely incorrect, as the armor Berengar's troops were fielded with was more than enough to sufficiently protect them against any lethal threat on the current battlefields while still being lightweight and maneuverable enough to conduct warfare properly. In fact, due to the quality of the steel Berengar was currently producing, he could manufacture slightly thinner and lighter weight armor than was historically used in the renaissance while still being just as effective in protection.

As Berengar mustered his forces and walked them through everything from marching drills, firing drills, and anti-cavalry drills. Linde watched from afar with a passionate gaze in her eyes; she was either smart enough or infatuated enough to believe that Berengar's tactics were revolutionary. After all, she had directly heard from Berengar's mouth during pillow talk how effective his weapons and tactics were at the Battle of Mining Town. She was too enamored by the spectacular sight of Berengar commanding his troops to notice that Adela had been walking by and noticed her impassioned ogling of Berengar.

Adela instantly felt something was amiss about Linde's glances and began to wonder if Linde had feelings for Berengar. After all, the girl treated her own fiance like crap, especially after the recent incident, and had always been giving weird looks to Berengar and herself throughout the past couple of months. Initially, she thought that Linde was on Lambert's side in whatever conflict the brothers were engaged in, but now she did not know what to think. These were not the glances of a woman studying her enemy but that of a school girl intensely focused on her crush. As such, Adela decided to approach and question the girl who was slightly older but much more developed than herself while she was currently entranced.

"Magnificent, isn't he? So much better than his scoundrel of a little brother."

Linde was caught up in the scene in the field below and did not even register the fact that Adela had approached her; she merely heard the words and responded on instinct.

"He sure is!"

Only after Linde had said those words did she recognize that Adela asked the question and that the little girl was testing her. A look of horror spread across the beauty's face as she realized that she practically just admitted that she preferred Berengar over her own fiance to Berengar's fiancee. On the other hand, Adela was not pleased; she got the answer she was most afraid of. A frown spread across the cute little girl's face as she quickly became strict with the teenage temptress standing next to her.

"I do not care if you admire him from afar; I suppose most girls do but do not approach him. Berengar is my future husband, and I have no intention of letting a harlot like yourself steal him away from me."

However, the little girl's attempt to get Linde to withdraw backfired completely. The corners of Linde's lips curved into a devilish smile; she slowly approached Adela with a smug expression on her face and whispered in the girl's ear.

"We will see about that."

Afterward, Linde strutted away confidently as she left little Adela pouting in anger like a small child. Though Linde respected Berengar's wishes to not inform others of their relationship, she knew that someday Berengar would recognize their child as his own, and when that day came, if the heavens blessed her with a son, it would be her child and not Adela's who inherited the Empire that Berengar would one day carve out of this land. As such, she was feeling pretty confident in the brief but heated exchange between herself and her lover's fiancee. Of course, the moment Berengar found out about this lover's quarrel, she would be punished severely, which also gave her a sense of excitement and anticipation. It had been a while since Berengar had been rough with her; maybe she could finally invoke his ire with this incident.

Adela, on the other hand, was in an extremely foul mood; Linde's response could only mean one thing, that seductress was going to try to steal her man. Adela would not let Berengar fall into the Vixen's trap. After all, though he was a benevolent man, he was still a man and could easily fall for a woman's wiles. Especially one as gorgeous as Linde. She vowed in her heart never to allow that to happen. Of course, if she were aware that Berengar had long since been involved in an intimate relationship with Linde, she would probably tear her own heart out. As the thunderous sounds of shots were fired into the straw targets by Berengar and his forces, war was declared in his own backyard without him even being aware. This was not a war that would exist between men and their armies, but two young beautiful woman and their claims on a particularly excellent young man.

It was only after the militia was done with its daily training that Berengar returned to the village. He was standing alongside his troops in the town square. He had his family's cooks work all day to prepare a feast for his soldiers and himself. While the army was mustering in the fields, the chefs were preparing a banquet for the hard-working troops. When Berengar told his chefs that he wanted to prepare a surprise party for his troops who had fought side by side with him at Mining Town, they were more than eager to help pay respects to the many men who had saved their lord's life. As such, the best dishes they could make were piled into the town square, where the soldiers engorged themselves with food and drank from the endless amount of beer that was poured for them by many young women.

After a while of drinking and feasting, Berengar tapped on his mug with a spoon, gaining the attention of his soldiers, who all looked upon him with respect. While still in his armor and just with the helm and cap removed, Berengar stood up from his table and began to give a toast to his men.

"I told you all I would celebrate our magnificent victory over the traitors at Mining Town; unfortunately, my damned noble obligations came up, and I was unable to celebrate with you men properly. Though it has been over a month since we stood side by side on the front lines, I wanted to dedicate this night to you all, the brave men of Kufstein who answered their commander's call in a time of need and brought down an army of traitors! Cheers!"

The town square echoed in cheers as the men celebrated their victory on this fine night. All of which were still in uniform, when the standing army and town guard gazed upon the hundreds of men in the town square in uniform, they began to feel a bit envious, and those who were a part of Lambert's faction began to feel fearful. Though they initially thought this peasant militia was nothing but common rabble formed on a young Lord's whim, they had actually managed to win a battle with zero casualties, which was beyond impressive. As such, Berengar spent the night drinking with his brothers in arms; it was not until 2 AM when Berengar returned to his bed-chamber, where he found Linde waiting patiently naked on his bed.

Berengar approached his lover and began to caress her body. The last words he remembered hearing that night came from Linde as she whispered in his ear seductively and with a devilish grin on her face.

"Master, I've been a naughty girl and need to be punished."

Though he had no way of knowing what she was referring to, he was too drunk to care. Thus he accepted his role and bound the girl with ropes as he began to punish her for whatever misdeed she was informing him about. It would not be until the next day that he fully became aware of what Linde had said to Adela and the feud it had started. By then, it was already too late to prevent the girls from fighting with one another for his affection, and he would have to endure the consequences of having two women by his side. Luckily neither of the girls were wicked enough to try to take one another's lives.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38: A Formal Declaration
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar awoke next to the arms of his beautiful lover and with a splitting headache. He had drunk far too much with the boys the night before, but it was a victory celebration, and thus he felt his actions were justified. As such, he rose from the bed and decided to take things easy today. A day off from extensive exercise would not hurt him in the slightest, though he would never allow such inactivity to become a regular occurrence.

Linde awoke shortly after him and placed her arms around his body as she nibbled on his neck, giving the young man a love bite. It was her way of marking her territory and warding off potential predators of her man. In other words, it was a gift for Adela. Berengar laughed at how possessive the girl was this morning and shrugged it off as nonsense. He eventually pushed her down on the bed, thoroughly excited by her actions. He returned the favor and gave Linde a hickey on her graceful and slender neck. As long as she covered it up properly, it would not be a concern.

The two engaged in some physical intimacy before parting ways for the morning. Now that Linde had a proper excuse to visit Berengar in the day, she would no longer need to avoid him openly. As long as she approached him under the guise of managing her father's transaction, she could spend time by his side at any point in the day instead of just secretly during the night. Finally, she would have more time with the father of her child. Something she desperately wanted to rub in Adela's face. Though she knew there was a limit as to the degree to which she could flaunt her relationship with Berengar to the little girl, else others might become too suspicious. She had already declared war on Adela and would not back down. Linde knew the little girl was too proud to release the details about their little dispute to the world. As such, she felt confident that she could contain any information regarding this love triangle between the three of them.

Berengar, on the other hand, was blissfully unaware of the conflict brewing between his future wife and his lover. Thus he was dumbfounded by the malevolent gazes the two girls gave each other at the breakfast table. He began to think that something may have happened between the young ladies that may have soured their relationship, and he was not the only one to come to this conclusion. Lambert witnessed their intense rivalry as they gracefully consumed their breakfast, sitting across from one another with fierce gazes. Of course, Lambert did not really care for the reason, as he was sure it was just the trivial matters of women and did not concern himself in the slightest.

As the two girls feud over Berengar without anyone else's knowledge, Sieghard decided to break the awkward silence.

"I am formally requesting the presence of my family and Councilors in the great hall after we finish dining. There is an important announcement I would like to make that regards the safety and prosperity of our family and our realm."

after saying that, everyone's attention was shifted to the Baron as he spoke in an authoritative voice; noticing the presence of his future daughters-in-law, he decided to address them personally

"My Ladies, your presence is not required, but if you would like to attend it, you are more than welcome to."

Berengar sighed in relief when he noticed the two women nod at one another with stern expressions. He did not know why the girls were fighting, but he was certain he would find out soon enough. At least for now, the tension was released. Lambert, on the other, appeared visually nervous; if his father was making a formal declaration, it must be something important; he began to fear that the favor his father had shown him was beginning to wane and instead be shifted upon his older brother and rival. Whatever this announcement was about, it surely pertained to Berengar's recent rise in power, which was not good news for him.

Berengar sat in silence and continued his meal; now that his women were not fighting one another, he felt much more at ease and could finally enjoy his breakfast. However, internally he was quite excited, there was only one thing that he could think of that Sieghard would announce after they finished eating, and if it pertained to his thoughts, then it would be great news for the young lord's aspirations.

Shortly after the meal was completed, the family gathered in the Great Hall; Linde and Adela were still obviously feuding with each other about something. However, their attention was currently drawn to Sieghard, who sat on his seat of power, where his councilors flanked him. They were men of great importance who advised the Baron on matters about the realm, even they were not privy to the contents of Sieghard's announcement.

After everyone had arrived, Sieghard cleared his voice and spoke in a stern tone.

"I Sieghard von Kufstein first of my name, Baron of Kufstein hereby declare my firstborn son, and heir Regent. If I must travel from these lands, he is given full authority derived from me to act as Baron in my stead!"

A wide smile appeared on Berengar's face as he heard the news, he had been waiting for this declaration for a long time, and he had finally proven himself in the eyes of his father as a capable leader. Lambert of course was horrified; this was terrible news for him and his allies. When war finally broke out and Berengar took up his position as Regent, he would have the full judicial authority to launch an investigation into Lambert's attempts on his life and gather the evidence he needed to execute him. This meant only one thing, Lambert had at most a year to end his brother's life before the old King croaked, and he was placed into an exceptionally vulnerable position.

The problem was Berengar had solidified his position in the hearts of many of the surrounding nobles, those who were benefiting from his steel monopoly, and the burgeoning textile trade would obviously back Berengar if he requested their aid. It was now more difficult than ever to plot against Berengar.

On the other hand, the girls both reacted to the news with satisfied smiles on their faces. This was good news not only for the man they loved but also for themselves, whose positions would become more favorable when Berengar became Regent. Although when they realized that they both had the same satisfied expression on their faces, they immediately shifted back to a feuding state.

The reactions of the councilors to this monumental announcement were varied. They were all aware of Berengar's recent transformation and his formidable capability of presiding over the realm. Thus, many of the councilors were excited by the news, as they could not think of a better man to take up the position. However, a quarter of the councilors were backers of Lambert's attempt to gain power, and thus they were quite miserable at the announcement. If they allowed Berengar to come to power, it would only mean their removal from office at best and their deaths at the worst.

Henrietta and Gisela were both delighted by the news, and Sieghard had a satisfied smile on his face. Though they did not know it, battle lines were immediately drawn when this news was announced, and his two sons would increase the brutality of their war of intrigue. Berengar made sure to keep note of the expressions of the councilors who were either indifferent to the news or outright dismayed. It became immediately apparent that they were either on the fence about the issue or outright supporters of his brother. Thus Berengar figured he would get rid of his Brother's most immediate backers before taking out any of the other local nobility who supported him. After all, these noblemen who advised his father held significantly more power than those who would answer his call to arms once every blue moon.

Later that night, Berengar would get his spy network to acquire the materials he would need to manufacture a particular poison that was virtually undetectable In this medieval world. The target of his new ploy would be the Marshal of his father's forces. The man was clearly the most disturbed by the news and even eyed Lambert for his reaction. Berengar did not doubt within his mind that the Marshal was in bed with Lambert. As the commander of his father's forces, he presented the biggest threat to the security of his Regency and needed to be removed before Berengar seized power.

However, that was a task for later; after the declaration was made, Berengar was congratulated by many people, including his future wife and lover. Even Lambert was shocked when Linde approached Berengar immediately after the announcement and fought with Adela over who would pay their respects first. At this moment, Berengar instantly realized what was going on between his two women, and he knew that Linde had said something to Adela to antagonize her. Now her words from the previous night began to make sense, and internally he was furious.

When the two were in the middle of bickering, Berengar raised his hand, and the two immediately became silent.

"Adela, you are my fiancee; you may tell me what you wish to say first."

Linde immediately became flustered as she was denied the right to speak with her lover first. Still, she understood his reasoning and let it slide.

"Congratulations Berengar! I know you will do your family proud."

the little girl then eyed Linde with displeasure and whispered in Berengar's ear

"I need to talk to you about something later."

Judging by the look on her cute little face, Berengar was certain that she was unaware of the extant of his relationship with Linde, which was a good thing, but he definitely needed to figure out what had been said between the two.

He nodded and smiled at his future wife as he held on to her hands

"Thank you! That means a lot coming from my fiancee."

While saying that phrase, he eyed Linde with an expression that said

"I know what you did, and I'm not happy!"

Linde immediately flinched when she was the vicious gaze Berengar had given her; she began to think that maybe she should not have openly declared war on Adela so soon. She was definitely going to be punished far worse tonight, which made her dreadfully excited. Of course, she was skilled enough at acting to mask her desire with a look of indifference.

After Berengar had accepted Adela's respects, he moved on to Linde, who bowed respectfully and said formally.

"Lord Berengar, I would like to congratulate you on your latest title. I trust you will be a benevolent and efficient regent in the future."

Lambert was extremely agitated by the sight of his fiancee paying respects to her older brother, but judging by the lack of informality in her tone, it was merely her fulfilling her social obligations; as such, he never suspected she was romantically involved with Berengar. Instead, he felt even more sure of his previous thoughts that she was bickering with Adela over something frivolous and thus did not pay any more attention to her actions.

It went on for some time, but he had to entertain many people paying respects to him; when he was finally done with his noble obligations, he thanked his father for the trust he had placed with him and left the great hall. Adela was in tail following her fiance. When they were finally secluded, he could not prevent himself from asking the little girl what exactly was the nature of her Grievance with Linde.

"So, are you going to tell me what happened?"

Adela tried to fake ignorance, as she did not want to discuss her war with the temptress for his affection.

"I am sure I do not know what you are talking about..."

Berengar laughed at the young girl's cute face as she tried to pretend like she did not understand his question.

"Come on; it is obvious that you are fighting with my brother's fiancee, even my father noticed it, and he isn't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed when it comes social circumstances."

Adela let out a deep sigh and told Berengar the truth of her encounter with Linde and how she felt about it; needless to say; she was not happy. Berengar was an excellent actor and laughed it off as if it was a joke. He really needed to salvage the situation, and he did his best to do so.

"That's it? She's obviously angry with Lambert for his drunken antics and is trying to make him angry by pursuing his older brother. If she really has any intentions to steal me away from you, I'm afraid it's too little too late. You have nothing to worry about."

Adela looked at Berengar with a sheepish expression as she asked him with tears forming in her eyes.

"Really?"

Berengar, of course, instantly felt intense guilt for lying to his fiancee about the true nature of his relationship with Linde, but he could not well afford to reveal it at the moment. Granted, he felt justified in his actions and did not feel the slightest guilt for the act of having a lover on the side. However, he did not let any of those complex emotions show on his face, as he masked his emotions with a very convincing facade.

"Of course! Do you think I would throw you a lavish Engagement Ceremony like I did if I did not have the intention to marry you?"

His words made sense, and Adela slowly wiped the tears from her eyes. A smile spread across her face before she reached around Berengar's neck and pecked him on the cheek. Afterward, she ran away in embarrassment, though she had kissed his cheek many times, it was still too much for the little girl to face him afterward. Berengar told the truth when he said that last part; he had no intention to marry Linde. He had developed her into the perfect mistress, but that did not mean that she was wife material by any means. That was not something that could be cultivated in a woman past a certain age. By the time she was physically mature, she was either a wife material or she was not; or so Berengar believed. The young lord had personally witnessed too many men's lives ruined in his past life by the full-grown women they tried to change into housewives and the court system which favored the women after they no longer wanted to be married, no matter what atrocious things they may have done during their time of marriage.

Luckily for him, Divorce was a rare occurrence in medieval times; she would essentially need the Pope's approval. Even then, it would require special circumstances. While adultery was grounds for the dissolution of a marriage, it was a costly process and rarely worked in a woman's favor. He figured sooner or later he could convince Adela to share him with Linde; the girl was stubborn and prideful but not entirely closed-minded. Of course, he would first need to marry the girl and show her how much he cared for her before even broaching the subject of his lover At the very least, it would be many years before he ever admitted to it, and he would do his damndest to make sure she did not find out until then.

Thinking about it now, he should probably do his best to get in the good graces of the church; despite being an atheist, he realized how much power the papacy held in this new world; it was far greater than the timeline of his past life. He decided to speak to his priest at the upcoming Sunday Mass and build a relationship with the clergy. It would be nice if he could find an open-minded priest, but the likelihood of that happening was very slim. Whatever the case, he would never confess his "sins" to a member of the clergy, especially in an era where the papacy held significant authority.

Before going to bed, Berengar sent a message to his spy network to acquire the means to produce White Arsenic, a tasteless, odorless, and lethal poison that could be used in a powdered form. When he could properly manufacture this deadly poison, he would use it on his first target. Though it would take some time to acquire the means to create it, thus he could only wait until his first assassination attempt.

Before Long, Linde showed up in his room with a guilty expression on her face. She willingly submitted herself for discipline, and Berengar spent the rest of his waking hours punishing the young beauty severely for instigating conflict with Adela. Which she, of course, enjoyed to her heart's content. Though at the moment he had assured Adela he would not pursue Linde, she would only be suspicious from here on out. Nevertheless, Linde had actually been the one to form the love triangle that would one day become the backbone of a great dynasty.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39: Religious Ambitions
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days passed, and it was now Sunday. The day in which the people of Kufstein, both high and low, would gather for mass, or liturgy as it was known in this era. Currently, Adela stood outside Berengar's door with little hope in her heart as she prepared to knock upon it and ask Berengar the same question she had inquired about ever since she first arrived in Kufstein. Unlike Berengar, who was secretly an atheist, Adela was a true believer in the gospel and held the church in high regard. However, every time she approached her fiance to attend the Sunday service together, he always had an excuse as to why he could not go. Thus she was beginning to fear that he was, in fact, a heathen or an apostate which was a condition she could not accept. Today she had fierce determination to drag the man she loved to church and save his potentially damned soul. As such, she sighed heavily before knocking heavily on the door to Berengar's room in which he was currently exercising.

"Berengar, will you attend Liturgy with me? It has been quite lonesome without your presence..."

To her surprise, the door swung open, and Berengar had a smile on his face. He completely forgot that he was currently dressed in only his undergarments while his upper body glistened with sweat, the sight of which caused Adela's face to flush with embarrassment. It took him a moment to realize why she was acting in such a sheepish manner before he realized that her eyes were fixated on his developing abs. He quickly put up a single finger and shut the door while saying.

"One moment"

by the time he returned, the young lord was dressed in a white linen undershirt that clung to his sweaty body. This was slightly better, and as such, Adela regained her composure before asking the question on her mind for a second time.

"Berengar, will you attend the Sunday service with me?"

She had no intention of letting him play hooky now that he had opened the door. However, what truly shocked her was Berengar's immediate acceptance of his request.

"Of Course! Today I am quite free, and I would love to attend the liturgy with you."

This was quite shocking to her; since she arrived, he had never once accepted her request to go to church together, but now all of a sudden, he agreed as if it were an ordinary thing for him to do. Was he really just swamped with managing his secular activities this entire time? She only felt foolish for doubting the religious views of her betrothed, whom she held in high regard.

Berengar sniffed himself before requesting the young girl, who seemed incredibly excited about the fact that he would finally be attending the service with her.

"Just let me clean myself up a bit, and I will meet you at the Castle's gates in a quarter of an hour, okay?"

Adela quickly agreed to his request before chastising him as if she expected him to run away the moment she left his sight.

"Don't be late!"

Berengar nodded and smiled; shortly thereafter, Adela departed, and Berengar's dropped his facade. Before muttering under his breath

"I suppose she's lucky I have plans for the Church."

Afterward, he grabbed ahold of his attire and headed to the bath, as promised. He would arrive at the Castle's gates fully clothed in fashionable attire within a fifteen-minute time frame. All the while, Adela had been waiting for him at the entrance with a bright smile on her face. Berengar quickly grabbed ahold of the little girl's hand and led her to the Church within the village where the rest of his family was already gathered.

By the time he arrived, he had noticed that Lambert was there alongside Linde, and Henrietta was grouped up with their parents. Linde had a shocked expression as she saw Berengar attend church for the first time since she had arrived. She was not particularly religious, but she at least pretended like she was. Berengar was usually silent about the topic and avoided the church as if it had been the epicenter of a plague. Still, the heavenly beauty felt quite perturbed as she saw her lover attending church alongside his fiancee. After greeting his family and lover, Berengar walked into the chapel with Adela before standing at attention while the priest went over his sermon. There were not many pews in medieval times, and as such, unless one was old or feeble, they usually stood in the center throughout the entire service.

As Berengar gazed upon the luxurious trappings of the Chapel he found himself in; he could not help but scoff at the sight. Evidently, the church here was quite wealthy, yet he never saw them out in the field aiding the villagers in any charitable way. He would not doubt it if the head priest himself was embezzling funds to fill his own pockets; after all, the church was mighty, wealthy, and most importantly, corrupt, especially in this timeline. When he scoffed at the sight of how embellished this single church was, it did not go unnoticed by the Deacon, who was a young man currently on the last phase of the path to priesthood. Though the priest himself did not notice Berengar's reaction, the Deacon could not help but do so.

After the ceremony was over, Berengar had initially intended to speak with the priest; after all, he wanted to establish some ties with the church. In particular, he was looking for an open-minded priest who may become useful in the future. However, before he could, he was approached by the Deacon, who was quite cordial in his manners.

"My Lord Berengar, that is your name, correct? I hear many great things from the mouths of the parish about your many deeds. Do you have a minute to talk?"

Berengar was quite curious why the Deacon would approach him; as such, he took the time out of his busy schedule to see what this supposed holy man had to say. Berengar followed the man to a secluded area, where they began to chat.

The Deacon was a young man, quite possibly even younger than Berengar. The man had short dirty blonde hair and emerald eyes. he was the third son of a Saxon Count and opted to join the church rather than vie with his siblings to inherit his father's land. This decision turned out to be a wise choice, considering most of his five brothers met with terrible accidents after the young Deacon had left his family behind. As such, he was a man who was not only aware of Berengar's precarious position but was actively supportive of him; in fact, he was currently a member of Berengar's vast spy network throughout his family's lands. Even Berengar did not know the identities of all the little birds who reported to his lover about the activities of his enemies.

The young man was eager to greet the Baron's son and heir whom he had already aided with great effort in countering Lambert's schemes. As such, he bowed before Berengar respectfully and said his piece.

"My Lord, I doubt you are aware of who I am, but I am one of the many members of your web of intrigue, and I know why you are here. You seek to establish ties with the church, is that correct?"

Berengar was shocked that a deacon would belong to his network of agents, and as such, he proceeded with caution. Testing the young Deacon with a question only someone directly reporting to his spymaster would know the answer to.

"Hmmm, I'm afraid Adela has never mentioned you to me."

The Deacon was a bright man and knew instantly he was being tested by Berengar; if he were fake, he would most likely nod his head and recognize Adela as his spymaster. Yet, that was not the case. Instead, the young man grinned and gave the correct answer.

"Funny, I remember speaking to a young woman with strawberry blonde hair and sky blue eyes, not to mention her magnificent bust."

Berengar's expression was indifferent, but he was really excited he already had a member of the church working for him in the shadows. As such, he clasped the man's shoulder and apologized for his test.

"I apologize for my rudeness; it appears you really are a supporter of mine. One can never be too careful these days. What is your name?"

The man smiled greatly after hearing Berengar apologize for testing him; he truly was a man of character as he had heard.

"I am Ludolf, a Deacon of this church."

Berengar walked around the area with Ludolf and picked up a golden chalice; once more, he decided to test the youthful deacon and see if he could be fit into his plans for the future.

"Tell me, Ludolf, what are your thoughts of the garish embellishment we see around us. Gold crosses, chalices, chandeliers, and even rosaries. Is this not a waste of the church's funds?"

Ludolf smiled once more upon hearing Berengar's views of the Church's wasteful spending.

"I could not agree more, my Lord. Unfortunately, the Priest of this chapel and the Bishop of Innsbruck care more about appearances than helping the common folk. Something I have heard that you accomplished quite well in our stead. I'm afraid no matter where I go, that seems to be the current status quo of the church. Sucking money away from the people like leeches with promises of salvation in return for their hard-earned coinage. Using it to build lavish chapels like this one. Such wasteful spending if you were to ask me..."

Berengar's lips began to curve into a smile. Though this young man may not seem like much, he had the potential to become the Martin Luther of this world. With the right guidance, and support he may very well break the Papacy's stranglehold over the Kingdoms of Europe. Something which Berengar greatly desired. If his aspirations were to become a reality, then he could not have the Church wield unrestricted power throughout Europe as it currently did. He would need to start a revolution from within, and it just so happened this young Deacon named Ludolf already had some revolutionary ideas. If pushed in the right direction, he could prove to be a powerful ally against the authority of the Church. Thus Berengar decided to act like the devil on the young man's shoulder and guide him in causing a major schism within Christianity.

"Ludolf, I share many of the same sympathies; it is the reason I have not been attending service lately. Would you like to go for a walk? I would very much like to discuss my concerns about the direction the Church is heading in..."

Ludolf, a wide-eyed and faithful young man concerned with the church's misconduct, took this seemingly benevolent young man for his word and followed him on a walk. The two would have an exceptionally long discussion about the difference between secular and spiritual authority and the separation of Church and State. By the time the two had finished talking, several hours had passed, and Ludolf felt as if he had been enlightened by Berengar, who acted as if he were a pious man concerned about ecclesiastical corruption and its effects on the people of Europe. Thus Berengar not only further gained support from Ludolf in his war of intrigue against his brother but also in his future struggle against the Church and their over-reaching power. One thing was certain; this man held great importance for Berengar's plans to bring an end to the era of the Church's influence over the secular authority of the German people.

After sending Ludolf back to the chapel with much to think about, Berengar returned home. Where he dined with his family. Adela was pleased that he went to church with her. Though Linde looked at him strangely; she had many questions about why he went to church and who he spent his afternoon with. Nevertheless, now was not the time for the topic. After sharing a meal with his family, Berengar took a bath and then returned to his quarters, where he further developed the plans for the future City of Kufstein. Shortly thereafter, he heard a knock on his door and opened it to find Linde, who sprung into his arms. Berengar accepted her embrace while kicking the door close. After passionately kissing one another for several moments, Linde broke away and finally asked the father of her child the question on her mind.

"You don't seem like the type of man to take the gospel seriously... Why did you go to Church?"

Berengar could not help but chuckle as he sat on his bed and poured himself and his lover some wine. After taking a swig from the chalice, he answered the question honestly.

"I have plans for the church. I'm not going to lie; I seek to destroy its dominion over these lands and its people by any means necessary. Truly I find the hypocrisy, corruption, and power of the Church in this world to be appalling."

Linde was quite shocked by his ambitions. The church had held significant authority over Europe for centuries, yet the man she loved claimed he wanted to bring that era to a sudden end and implied using force to achieve his goals. Though she was not religious, she understood the church's significant power; it would not be an easy task.

"You know, if word got out about your plans, the church would declare you a heretic..."

Berengar nearly choked on his wine as he laughed at Linde's remark.

"Let them come; I do not rely on the protection of God. Instead, I trust in the thunder of guns and the men who wield them. Soldiers win wars, not faith, and before long, my army will rival the legendary power of the Kingdom of Heaven!"

Though he was exaggerating, it was no lie to say that his armies were becoming quite well equipped and trained, better than any other force in the current world. Even if they only acted as a militia at the moment, they would become the core of his power when he inherited this land. Their numbers swelled by the day, and now that he was producing proper armor alongside their arms, Berengar felt as if his army could easily contend with a force five times their numbers on the field of battle. After all, his weapons were beyond effective against the greatest units of the era, and with the right tactics, he could overcome any foe. With time his weapons would be even more efficient, and by then, nobody could stop him.

Truthfully religion had its purpose of serving in Berengar's many plans, but a Church that refused to bend to his will did not. Berengar would make use of scripture and the concept of divinity in his future efforts of propaganda. Though he personally did not believe in such things, he realized that Religion played an important role in functioning society. As such, he had plans for a reformation of the Church, the extent of which would rely on Ludolf and those who would support his future efforts. As for Catholicism and the pope's authority over secular affairs, he would never recognize such a thing. This adamant refusal to bend to the will of the church would lead to many conflicts with the papacy in the near future.

Linde did not know what to say after hearing such a speech; either Berengar was a mad man, or he truly had the capability to change the world. Personally, she did not care if the Church's power over these lands collapsed and supported the rising ambitions of the man beside her. After finishing their wine, the two stripped off their lavish attire and embraced each other in the dark of night. For the rest of their waking hours, they intimately enjoyed each other's company.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40: Caught in the Act
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar gazed upon the musketeer who stood upon the testing field. In his hands was a small spherical steel device with a fuse sticking out from its top. In his other hand was a slow match in which the soldier used to ignite the fuse. After the successful ignition, the man lobed the spherical device towards a safe distance and quickly sought refuge behind the provided cover. Within seconds a thunderous explosion occurred, and shrapnel was sent in every direction shredding apart the closely packed straw dummies in which it had landed near.

After such a shocking scene, the sound of slow clapping could be heard from afar as Berengar showed his sign of approval of the new weapon. What was just tested by this brave man was the prototype of a hand grenade. It would not be long before he could field these to his troops in large numbers and establish grenadiers into his ranks. However, this revolutionary weapon of war was not the most exciting innovation being tested to this day. Eckhard was filled with anticipation as the artillery crew loaded a strange-looking device into the bore of the 1417 Pattern 12 lb cannon. The old knight prayed to the father above in heaven that this device went off without a hitch.

After a relatively smooth loading of the cannon, the powder was vented, and the cannoneer used the linstock to light the fuse. After a few moments, the familiar roar of the 12 lb cannon echoed into the air. However, what truly astonished those who were fortunate enough to watch this secret testing, was that when the projectile landed it exploded upon impact into many fragments, sending shards of steel into all directions. The result of which was far more destructive than the hand grenade, which was tested previously.

This time a thunder of applause rose from the bystanders as they watched a new era of artillery being born before their very eyes. Berengar had a wicked smile on his face. He had finally done it; he had created the first explosive shell. Though the solid ball still had its uses; against infantry, nothing was more devastating than explosive shells. In his previous life's timeline, the explosive shell was not invented until the 16th century. However, the shell he was currently using was modeled after those utilized by the 12 lb Napoleon cannon by Union forces in the American Civil War; it was a far more efficient shell than the earlier designs.

Eckhard saluted Berengar and congratulated him on his newest innovation; with this, their militia was even more fearsome than they were a month ago at the Battle of Mining Town.

"Commander, let me be the first to congratulate you on the success of this truly revolutionary design! With these shells, our artillery will rule the battlefields."

Berengar smiled and returned the salute to his second in command. However, one thing was noticeably missing from his forces, the third branch that comprised all early modern armies for centuries. Cavalry, though he would not be able to raise cavalry for his militia until after he took over his father's position. Either as a regent or as the Baron himself. Nevertheless, this was truly a monumental occasion; with shell and canister being fired out of his 12-pound cannons, he could engage forces far larger than his own on the field of battle.

As his militia further completed their training and outfitted themselves with better equipment, Berengar believed it would not be long before he could begin his conquest of Germany. It might take a few years for him to succeed his father; in his eyes, the Baron of Kufstein was not likely to survive the upcoming war. By the time the war was over and the various feudal powers of the Kingdom exhausted themselves in bloody conflict, he would rise from the ashes and stake his claim with his superior army. By right of conquest, one day, he would be Emperor of the German people!

After testing the new weapons, Berengar wanted them mass-produced as quickly as possible; as such, he put in priority order, he would have his Artillery trained to use the new shells effectively and would establish the strongest and most elite of his infantry forces into Grenadiers. Of course, all weapons operations were strictly confidential; as such, they would have to use the new testing field Berengar had set up, out of the sight from unwanted eyes.

After testing the weapons successfully and giving his new orders, Berengar returned to the Castle, which took a while, seeing as he had to travel from his secret testing facility. When he returned, he saw Adela and Henrietta playing in the castle corridors. They were not too far apart in age and were getting along splendidly. On the other hand, Linde had a tense relationship with Henrietta; the little girl had good intuition and had a feeling something was going on between Lambert's fiancee and Berengar. A sense of intuition that the men of the family desperately seemed to lack. As such, the little loli constantly ran away from Linde whenever she tried to get along with the family.

Of course, Linde's most strained relationship was with his Berengar's mother, Gisela. Gisela was a shrewd and proud Baroness who had long suspected an affair between Berengar and Linde, practically since the first night when Linde arrived at the Castle. However, she saw how Linde treated Lambert and saw this dirty secret as a way to break her second son's betrothal. If Berengar wanted a lover to hold him over until he married Adela, then she would allow his selfishness, so long as she could later use it as a means to get rid of the young vixen once and for all.

Though she was not aware of the fullest extent of Linde's abuse towards Lambert, she could tell it was at the very least a verbally abusive and unhealthy relationship. Especially since the night of Berengar and Adela's engagement ceremony and the alleged actions Lambert had engaged in. The growing closeness between Berengar and Linde under the guise of Count Lothar's transaction did not ease the Baroness's animosity toward the young woman. Berengar was aware of how his mother eyed the two of them and had long since known about her suspicions, however as long as his mother did not intervene, he would not say anything to her about his relationship with his lover. Of course, if Gisela were aware that Linde was currently pregnant with Berengar's child, she would do everything in her power to separate the two of them.

When Adela saw that Berengar had returned home, she ran over and hugged him; Berengar responded to this by petting her head gently. It was nice having two women with completely different personalities to care for him. He vowed that he would never give up this lifestyle and never complicate it further by adding more women to the mix. He cared for both of his women equally, as they both served their own unique roles in his life. After a while, Adela let go of Berengar and asked him the question on her mind.

"Are you done with work for the day?"

Berengar smiled and nodded at his little fiancee before noticing Henrietta come over to him with a sheepish expression.

"Big brother, will you play with us?"

Berengar chuckled lightly as the little loli grabbed ahold of his torso and hugged the other side of him. He thought to himself for a moment and then decided to entertain the two girls, who were currently in the middle of playing an imaginary game. One where Adela was the crown princess, who was captured by an evil witch. Berengar played the role of the valiant knight as he strode through the castle walls and rescued the princess from the wicked grasp of Henrietta, who acted the part of a wicked witch. Berengar felt quite embarrassed playing such childish games at his age and was thankful that video cameras did not exist at this time. He could not imagine what the internet would label him if this scene were posted on some video-sharing site from his previous life. However, after rescuing the princess and slaying the evil witch, Berengar picked up Adela in a princess carry and walked around the castle with her. To his surprise, he got a reward that he was not expecting. When Adela gently pecked him on the lips, her face began to become red with embarrassment and she looked away while in his arms and awkwardly muttered.

"My Hero..."

At this point, even Berengar felt embarrassed, as he was not mentally prepared for such a thing. He did not know what to say, so he chose some cheesy one-liner and smiled at Adela and said in a serious tone.

"I will always protect you, my little princess!"

The scene was sickening to Linde as she watched in the corner; it was only when Adela's eyes met her own with a furious stare did the young beauty realize that her little rival had been aware of her presence and that Adela had deliberately done this to mark her territory. Linde thought it was cute that the little girl considered that slight peck on the lips to beconsidered a kiss. Obviously, Linde would have to leave her own mark on Berengar later that night to make up for it.

After seeing Linde had watched the entirety of his performance, Berengar's heart immediately imploded. He sincerely hoped nobody was watching what would be considered a potentially illegal activity in his previous life. Yet he was caught in the act by his own lover, he was never going to live this moment down, and he could tell by the smirk on Linde's face that she was going to hold this moment over his head forever. Berengar attempted to defuse the situation and asked Linde an important question, which immediately received the two little girls' glares.

"Would you like to join us, Linde?"

The heavenly beauty immediately scoffed at the idea and glared at Adela

"No thanks Berengar, I've long since matured beyond the need to play such childish games. A word of advice, if you keep playing games like this with little girls, people might believe you to be a pervert."

And with that said, Linde turned around and walked away with a smug expression on her face. Before Adela or Berengar could even form a response, she had already turned the corner and was out of sight. The couple then stared at each other awkwardly as Adela was still in Berengar's arms. Henrietta, of course, was lying on the floor pretending to have been slain, but she still managed to overhear the conversation, and her disdain for Linde grew even greater as a result. After Linde's departure, there was an awkward silence for a while before Berengar finally let Adela down from his arms. Feeling embarrassed about the whole situation, the young man scratched the back of his head before calling it quits for the evening.

"I suppose we should end it here... We can play again some other time!"

Adela nodded; she was also quite embarrassed after Linde's harsh words. On the other hand, Henrietta was pouting; she wanted to play some more with her big brother and soon-to-be sister-in-law. It was rare where she was able to play games with Berengar these days. Nevertheless, she acquiesced to their conditions. Either way, she would hold her elder brother to his word that they would definitely play together later.

Afterward, Berengar dined with his family, it was a civil conversation, and there was less animosity between him and Lambert than usual. Berengar was well aware that Lambert was in the middle of cooking up a conspiracy against him; after all, it had been a while since Berengar was given the title of regent, and Lambert had yet to act. What Lambert did not know is that Berengar was also in the process of conspiring against his brother. His plan would not only disrupt Lambert's plot but actively take out one of the boy's greatest allies.

After dinner, Berengar snuck out into the town where he entered his newly built chemical laboratory today. Tonight he would complete the production of white arsenic, which would allow him would begin his plot to assassinate his father's marshal, who was an ardent supporter of Lambert. Of course, he had to confirm such a thing before acting rashly. While some of his spies were acquiring the materials to create arsenic, others were gathering intel about any potential alliance with Lambert. In the process, Berengar uncovered lambert's plot to act against Berengar, and frame him and his militia for multiple crimes, and use the marshal as a witness. Unfortunately for the teenage boy, the marshal would soon become very ill and pass away from this world.

Berengar began to laugh sadistically as he saw the powdered arsenic that was created overnight. He would give his many spies strict instructions to lace the Marshal's wine with the poison in small doses for the next week; once the man became dreadfully ill, Berengar would increase the dose, effectively ending the man's life. As far as anyone was concerned the marshal would have fallen ill and passed away from said illness shortly after. Even if someone expected an assassination, nobody would be able to prove it. Just like that, Berengar had taken this war of intrigue to the next level. Lambert would soon enough be left alone, cut off from any support, and when Berengar finally had his scoundrel of a little brother by his lonesome and the authority to pursue justice, then, and only then would he put an end to this war of intrigue once and for all.

After distributing the poison to his assassins, Berengar quietly returned to the Castle. He made sure that his absence went unnoticed. When he finally returned, he saw the familiar sight of Linde waiting for him. She immediately ran into his arms and kissed him passionately, as if she was trying to remove the mark upon him that Adela had left previously. Just like that, Berengar and Linde spent the remainder of the night enjoying each other's passionate embrace.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41: Lindes Revelation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A month had passed, and Berengar awoke once more at the crack of dawn. Lying next to him was Linde, who was sprawled about under the sheets, her silky strawberry-blonde hair glistened under the light of the sun. She was still asleep and lately had slept through his morning exercise. She was now roughly two months pregnant at this point, and as such, Berengar allowed her some much-needed rest, as he knew that nobody else in the castle would be up at this hour. However, he quickly got out of bed and started his daily workout. Today was a chest-oriented day, so he used his bench press. Though he recognized that he would never be as physically strong as he was in his past life in this life. Berengar still tended to exercise four to five days a week.

After spending half an hour lifting various weights, Berengar quietly exited his room and went for his daily run. He liked to run at least ten miles a day during the days of the week he exercised. As such, he ran around the village in loose-fitting clothes early in the morning when the farmers began to get to work. Due to the recent industrialization of the region, many of the commoners had proper working hours and were still resting at this time. Thus the number of people up at this ungodly hour was constantly dwindling. Berengar would wave and say hello to the common folk, but his primary focus was on his run. The only other people who were up at this hour were the militia members in basic training. When their commander ran by, getting in his morning run, they all saluted him at attention; he returned the salute as he continued to run.

The fact that the men could see their Lord and Commander up at the same hour, engaging in an exercise routine like themselves, boosted their morale, as well as their trust in Berengar. He was a man who led by example and refused to get any more sleep than his men did. Berengar also never truly had a day off from his work. He was so busy maintaining his region's industrial, agricultural, and military sectors that he felt like he did more work than his father did. In fact, his father, the Baron, had deliberately pushed an excess of his workload on to Berengar, expecting him to break from the stress. Still, Berengar took it in stride and exceeded his expectations in every way. This was one of the reasons Sieghard gave him the prestigious title of Regent. Berengar thrived when he was busy; he was not a man who could handle idle time well; when Berengar had downtime, he was bored, and he always found something to do when he was bored. Preferably something productive, as such, he worked harder than anyone he knew.

This was a trait from his previous life, where he had to work hard for everything he owned. His family was not particularly wealthy growing up. Both of his parents worked full-time jobs with excessive overtime. From a young age, he found himself helping around the house to alleviate the stress on his parent's shoulders. That was one of the reasons he knew all of his family's cooking recipes by heart. As the son of German immigrants, his youth was filled with German cuisine, and when he reached a certain age, he handled the cooking and cleaning of the house when his parents were at work. By the time he was an adult, he had entered Westpoint, and after graduation, was an officer in the military; as such, he spent much of his downtime looking busy. In his mindset, if you are looking busy, you might as well be productive.

After finishing his run in roughly an hour and a half, Berengar returned to the castle, where he washed the sweat away from his body in the private bathhouse the family had constructed within their castle. After getting out of his bath, over two and a half hours had gone by since the time he woke up, and he planned to get some work done in his chambers. He returned to his room to find that Linde was still asleep; by now, the servants were wide awake and active throughout the castle; even his family members were out and about. The fact that the young woman was still in his room meant there was a great risk involved with returning to her quarters at this point. Berengar walked over to the bed and got inside with Linde; he decided to tease the girl and caress her bare body until she woke up. She immediately felt him grabbing onto her heavenly bust, and a smile spread across her face as she pretended to sleep. However, when Berengar whispered in her ear.

"It's already past 7:30. If you continue to sleep in, my family will find you here..."

Linde immediately got up and out of bed, while shaking his hands away from her breasts.

"Master, why didn't you tell me it was so late already!"

Berengar chuckled as he watched her get dressed in her nightgown from the night before, with a big grin on his face.

"You need your sleep, so I decided to let you rest."

After getting dressed in her nightgown, the girl kissed him on the lips before absconding from his room in secrecy, cautiously returning to her own quarters while making sure nobody was aware she had spent the night with Berengar. If Berengar had not awoken her, she would have surely slept in long enough to cause a scandal. Thankfully her lover was looking out for her.

After Linde had left his room, Berengar spent the remainder of his morning going through his progress. By now, the formation of second artillery battery was taking precedence over the infantry battalion's ranks. Most of the new recruits were placed into the second artillery battery, while the arms factory had begun to spam 12 lb cannons. He now had more cannons than cannoneers, which he supposed was a good problem to have. Due to the increase in workforce, he was able to form the second steel production line in half the time of the first, and it was now fully operational. With the increase in productivity of the mines after the von Kufsteins seized them from Ulrich's family, the steel-making factory could double its output. Any steel that exceeded their production capability was sold at a fair price to the contacts he had made during his engagement ceremony. The armor he designed had been produced in massive numbers for his troops, and a total of 1/4 of this his soldiers were now equipped with munitions grade half-plate armor.

After investing in importing materials and establishing the use of inventions like the spinning mule, he was now able to make clothing for peasants and nobility fetching a fair price while relying mostly on local production. It was only the super luxurious fashion that cost him a pretty penny to make, luckily he was still able to sell them for quite the profit, thus expanding the already filled coffers of the Barony of Kufstein.

Today was an important day for Berengar; two of his schemes would fully come to fruition this day. Over the past month, the marshal had been slowly poisoned by the young lord's spies to the point that he was very near death. A slight overdose today would rid the world of one of Lambert's most powerful allies. Though physicians had checked on the man, ultimately, they could not find out the cause of what ailed him.

The second scheme was far more important in the long run and would come to fruition this day. Linde would be informing the family that she was pregnant with Lambert's child when in all reality, it was Berengar's. Since the night of Berengar and Adela's engagement ceremony, she had avoided Lambert as much as possible. The boy had approached her several times requesting that they sleep together, but she kept refusing him. As such, Berengar arrived on time at the breakfast table, where he waited patiently for Linde to break the news. After the family enjoyed their meal for quite some time in peace, the young woman finally dropped the bombshell on the family.

The girl's face instantly grew flustered as she spoke her words.

"I have an important announcement to make..."

After a slight pause which aroused everyone's interest, Linde looked at Berengar, then at Lambert, and then back down to the table where her meal was laid out. Finally, she blurted out what she was instructed to say, minus a very critical detail.

"I'm pregnant..."

From Berengar's perspective, the girl noticeably failed to mention it was Lambert's child, however that did not stop the family from being shocked by the revelation and assuming it was Lambert's. Though she didn't explicitly say the child was Lambert's, the only person who suspected it might be Berengar's was Gisela, who eyed her eldest son curiously. Though Berengar may try to act surprised, Gisela knew when her son was lying, and at that moment, she was correctly able to guess that the child was, in truth, Berengar's, not Lambert's.

Lambert was at first in shock when he heard the news. He had to clarify the issue.

"You're pregnant?"

Linde nodded in response.

Sieghard, on the other hand, interrupted and asked his own question

"It is my son's?"

Linde frowned at the comment and answered honestly

"Who else would be the father?"

With that being said, a smile appeared on both Lambert's and Sieghard's faces. They were excited by the news and could not wait to throw a wedding. On the one hand, Lambert was happy because this solidified Linde as his woman; even if she was not sleeping with him, nobody else was either, as such he could be considered the only man to sleep with the gorgeous young woman who was considered one of the three heavenly beauties of Austria. On the other hand, Sieghard was just happy to have a grandchild, which he would hopefully be able to see before he perished. He, too, did not have high expectations for surviving the upcoming war. The two were completely unaware that the girl never once directly admitted to Lambert being the father; after all, Sieghard had another son.

Lambert attempted to hug Linde in response to the news, but the girl slapped him across the face in front of his family and shouted at him.

"Who said I had forgiven you!?!"

Quickly the young boy sulked back to his seat in silence. Berengar was trying to contain his wicked grin. He had truly grown into the role of a sadist over the last few months, at least when it regarded his enemies. Nothing gave him more joy than watching his nemesis dangle on the hook he had cast for him. Lambert played along to Berengar's tune perfectly, and the young lord could not get enough of it. He supposed he had Linde to thank for this juicy scene. By not directly admitted to Lambert being the father, Linde was essentially leaving a door open for Berengar to claim the child as his own later in life. Something in which the young woman was adamant about making a reality. Thus it was Linde's scheme and not Berengar's which was cemented in history this day.

Adela, on the other hand, had never suspected Berengar to be the father. Despite the fact that Linde had openly declared war on the young girl and had by vying for Berengar's affections as of late. She had enough faith in her betrothed that he would not do such a thing behind her back. Also, she was aware of Lambert's supposed misdeed, and the timing for Linde's pregnancy matched perfectly. In a million years, the little girl would never suspect that Berengar had deliberately framed Lambert to assume the role of the father of his bastard child. As such, a smile spread widely across her face as she felt as if by this news she had already won the war against Linde; after all, there was no way Berengar would be interested in a woman who was pregnant with his brother's child.

The conversation around the breakfast table quickly shifted to altering the wedding plans so that it may occur at the soonest date. Lambert's sixteenth birthday was later this week and he would finally become of the proper age to marry. Though Linde acted as if she was acceptable to those terms, she could not wait for the day until her lover eliminated her fiance. She prayed to God above that Berengar may strike down Lambert before her child was born. That way, the child would never have to worry about who its real father was.

The only person at the table who was not satisfied with this result was Gisela. With this news, the Baroness realized that she would never be rid of her future daughter-in-law. A young woman she greatly despised. Worse yet, Berengar's fling with the harlot had resulted in her having great confusion about the actual parentage of her future grandchild. Much like Adela, Gisela would never have guessed that this was all a ruse by her eldest son to pin the parentage onto Lambert. After all, she was unaware of the war which her two sons waged in the shadows.

With this breaking news, the family at the very least pretended to have a pleasant breakfast. Later that day Berengar would finalize another of his schemes to screw over his little brother who had already thrice made an attempt on his life. Berengar was a man who did not easily forgive his enemies, and soon Lambert would come to feel his older brother's wrath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42: Death of a Marshal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lord Friedhelm von Thiersee had served as the Marshal of Kufstein for close to thirty years now. He was a man who was growing older in his years and now had long white hair, a matching beard, and many wrinkles. Despite his old age, the elderly man could still wield a sword in combat and command his liege's armies in battle. That is until a week ago when his health took a sudden turn for the worse. His physicians did not know the cause of his illness and attributed it to the frailty of old age. However, today, the same day that Linde announced she was pregnant, the elderly man was lying on his deathbed in his family's domain in which they had ruled under the fealty of the von Kufsteins for centuries.

His children were surrounding him and awaiting his last gasp. Truthfully the man had lived long enough to know when someone was poisoned, and he already had a suspect in mind. However, by the time he realized this fact, it was too late as he was now too frail to communicate his suspicions Effectively. Currently, His servants attended to his need. However, he was now certain that they were secretly agents of Berengar and had been the ones to administer the poison to him in the first place. At the moment a servant who had been in his service for the past fifteen years approached him and force-fed the old lord a glass of water which was laced with poison. Since the Marshal was no longer able to drink without assistance, he had no choice but to accept the final dose of the lethal poison. It took a while for the dose of poison to take effect as such; the elderly Lord struggled desperately to make his last words an accusation against the eldest son and heir of the Baron.

Ultimately the sounds that came out of the Elderly's lords mouth could not manage to contain a coherent thought. The only understandable word in his deathly babble was the word "Lambert," which immediately caused a hint of concern on his family's faces. Why would the old man's last word be the name of the second son of the Baron. However, before they could ask the old man what he meant by using the name, the marshal drew his last breath and exited this world. Ultimately this left a hint of suspicion on several of the more clever family member's faces. They would even investigate if Lambert had something to do with the old patriarch's sudden illness.

Ironically by trying to get his family to warn Lambert that his brother was the most likely suspect with the Marshal's untimely death, Lord Friedhelm instead thrust the suspicion onto Lambert, which would ultimately result in his family siding with Berengar in the war for the title of Baron. Of course, at the time, Berengar had no way of knowing that his assassination of the Marshal would provide key evidence in his later attempts to eliminate Lambert as a threat. Thus on that night, the Lordship of Thiersee mourned the loss of the mighty and efficient Lord who had presided over them for decades.

...

By the time Berengar and his family heard the news of Lord Friedhelm's passing, it was already late into the next day. This was shocking news for Sieghard, who suspected his Marshal to be having a brief bout of illness; he had never expected the elderly Lord to die from what ailed him. As such, Sieghard immediately called for a grand funeral to honor the memory of his loyal Marshal, who had served his family for so many years.

On the other hand, Lambert was horrified by the news; he had only recently become aware of his ally's illness and chalked it up to the troubles of the elderly. However, with his passing and Berengar's smug expression, he knew instantly that his brother had conspired against a key ally in his fight for the inheritance. Without the Marshal on his side, he would have difficulty rallying the town guard against Berengar when his father eventually departed for war. Even if Lambert did not truly understand how efficient Berengar's militia was; if Lambert acted quickly enough upon their father's departure, he could seize power and imprison his brother before Berengar's militia could enter the castle's gates and secure the young lord's regency. Which he had been a critical point in Lambert's plans for the future.

Without the forces already stationed in the Castle backing him, Lambert now had little chance of achieving such aims. Nor could he form his own militia, as Berengar clearly had won the hearts of the common folk, and rumors had spread around of Lambert's character being more wicked than he displayed in public. In fact, despite the period of mourning, Sieghard needed to declare a new Marshal. The only problem was there were not many men as experienced as Friedhelm in the ways of war. The position of Marshal was critical for a Lord as they essentially commanded all forces of the realm in the stead of the feudal lord. However, Sieghard personally enjoyed commanding his forces; under his reign, the Marshal had always been more of an advisor on strategy and tactics. As well as the chief of his law enforcement. As Sieghard was not expecting to survive the upcoming war, he had to consider someone capable of advising his son and heir on the matters of law enforcement and warfare in the future.

What Sieghard did not know is that Berengar had already found such a capable man to fulfill the role and would eventually replace whoever Sieghard had chosen for the position of Marshal. Currently, Sieghard was in a meeting with Berengar discussing the role of Marshal and who should be appointed. Berengar was surprised that Sieghard was now taking his opinion into account; it could only mean one thing, Sieghard was preparing for his eventual death on the battlefield and his son and heir's transition to power. However, he had to confirm such suspicions and thus asked his father outright.

"Father, I know that there is a storm approaching and that soon this land will be embroiled in civil war. Are you not planning to take your Marshal with you into battle?"

Sieghard gazed solemnly upon his son and heir; he had a suspicion that Berengar's act of forming a militia was to act as a proper defense for the Barony while he was away at war, which was one of the reasons he would always compromise when it came to the expenses of arming the militia.

"I won't lie to you, son, what you say is true; shortly, I will be called to war by the Count of Tyrol. I do not anticipate coming back from this conflict alive. It may take years, but sooner or later, I will perish on the battlefield fulfilling my duties to our liege. What I want is to put someone capable in charge of Barony's defenses and law enforcement. Someone who can guide you best on how to defend our land in my stead."

Berengar tried not to smile as his suspicions were confirmed; his father knew he was no longer fit to be Baron with how efficient Berengar had proven himself as a ruler. Now that his children were old enough to survive without him, he was looking for a way out. This meant that in a handful of years, Berengar would be Baron and could fully enact his plans to conquer the German-speaking regions. Rather than waiting for his father to die peacefully in his sleep in a few decades. Berengar was ruthless to his enemies, perhaps even cruel, but he was not a psychopath. His father had shown him nothing but benevolence and patience as he grew up, and Berengar had no desire to harm his father to accomplish his goals. At most, he would have mustered his forces and force his father to abdicate if his reign went on for too long. With his father's goal to assign a martial who can aid Berengar, he had no choice to voice the candidate he already had in mind.

"Father, I know of a man who is perhaps greater material for a Marshal than the late Friedhelm."

Sieghard looked up from his list of candidates and stared into Berengar's eyes. He was personally not aware of such a man in his realm.

"You do?"

Berengar nodded as he proceeded to make his suggestion.

"Eckhard, he is an anointed knight and a veteran of many battles. He has quite the mind for strategy and tactics, and I'm certain he can quickly adapt to the role of Law Enforcement. He's the second command of my militia and was instrumental in the defeat of Ulrich's forces at Mining Town."

A wide smile spread across Sieghard's face; it turned out his son had already found a capable Marshal who was loyal to him; this was good news for the realm's future. As he thought about it, he began to smile more; this essentially meant that Berengar's militia could be incorporated into the Town Guard and act as a military force, with police duties among the civilians. In Berengar's previous world, such a force would be referred to as Gendarmerie. It would be quite the efficient force in defending his family's territory when he was off at war. As such, he immediately accepted Berengar's suggestion.

"Very well, I will name Eckhard Marshal of the Realm after Friedhelm's funeral. We will incorporate your militia into the town guard, and it will act as the defensive force of the Barony and as its law enforcement."

Berengar was extremely delighted by this news; by eliminating Friedhelm, he had guaranteed that a unit of his forces would be stationed in the Castle and loyal to him. If Lambert attempted to cause trouble upon the start of his Regency it would not end well for his little brother. With a single assassination, Berengar had greatly weakened Lambert and his allies' ability to harm him. Slowly but surely, the tides were turning in his favor. Soon he would be able to finish this war of intrigue and secure his reign. With Eckhard's appointment as Marshal, he could root out any supporters of Lambert within the ranks of the town guard and have them expelled from its forces under false charges. Thus ensuring the only armed force within the Barony of Kufstein after Sieghard's departure was loyal only to Berengar.

This also would mean that Berengar would now have the authority to raise cavalry forces and add them to his ranks, albeit in small numbers. He believed he would start with a unit of demi-lancers—a type of cavalry that would one day replace the heavily armored knights of this era. The establishment of such a force would have to wait until after Eckhard's appointment to Marshal, which would take at most a month and a minimum of a fortnight. Nevertheless, things were looking bright for Berengar's future as his path to power was slowly beginning to come together.

After conversing with his father about the details of the appointment for some time, Berengar returned to his room, where he began drafting the plans for the establishment of a Demi-Lancer company, which would be outfitted with Three-Quarter's munitions grade plate armor and lances. After a while, he heard a knock on his door, and when he opened it, he saw Adela standing before him in a beautiful dress in the colors of black, white, and gold, which were the colors of his house. She looked ravishing in such attire; in her hands was a tray full of cookies and milk. The young girl had quite the sweet tooth.

"May I enter?"

Berengar would not deny his future wife entry into his room; as such, he made way for her approach, and the two sat down next to each other while snacking on the treats. Though Berengar enjoyed them, he did not enjoy the sweet deserts quite as much as Adela did. Still, he could not prevent his mind from thinking about chocolate. Unfortunately, it would be a long time before he could send an expeditionary force to the Americas to claim potatoes and cocoa. Nevertheless, it was one of his greatest goals in this life. The establishment of a colonial Empire in his mind was a necessity. However, the reasoning was more for the wide variety of crops and spices it could bring back and less for the territorial expansion. Nevertheless, when he was able to do so, he fully intended to take advantage of the European powers' lack of knowledge of the rest of the world and lay claim to territories in the Americas, Africa, and Asia. With the power his armies would wield by then, nobody could stop him.

To achieve this, he would first need to unite Germany and gain some coastal territories; he wanted major Naval bases in the Baltic, North, and Adriatic Seas. Then he would need to build a mighty Navy to maintain colonial power. Either way, it was many years, if not decades, away from where he currently stood. Nevertheless, he would do everything he could to establish his Empire as the world's preeminent power. Needless to say, there was a lot of work ahead of the ambitious young lord. For now, he relaxed by his young fiancee and dined on cookies while dreaming of conquering the world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43: Expanding Influence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was conversing with Adela and going over his drafts for establishing a Demi-Lancer Company, Linde was hard at work as the master of Berengar's intricate spy network. What started as a small group of peasants watching and listening to potential threats and reporting them to Berengar turned into a massive spiderweb that infiltrated every noble house within the Barony of Kufstein under Linde's management. Say what you want against Berengar's lover, but she had a brain for intrigue and had been crucial in the war against Lambert and his allies.

The beautiful young woman divided the network into various cells located in every major inhabited region of the Barony. Through combined use of couriers, carrier pigeons, direct interaction, smoke signals, and other methods of communication, Linde was able to understand everything that was transpiring within the region of Kufstein. A complex hierarchy was established to allow the freedom of local cells to engage in espionage, propaganda, and assassination at will, without it ever being traced back to Berengar's doorstep.

The Hierarchy was as follows, at the top of the organization was Berengar; he was referred to by those who knew of his existence as the Sovereign. Beneath the Sovereign was the Listener, this was Linde's job. She would listen to Berengar's orders, if he had any, and relay them to the Speakers, who were the leaders of every cell. The Speakers would then relay these jobs to the Eyes, Ears, Mouths, and Hands. Each was tasked with a different specialty in Intrigue. Eyes and Ears were generally used for Espionage and gathering intelligence. Mouths were used to disseminate misinformation and engage in propaganda efforts, and the Hands were used for practical jobs, primarily being assassination and sabotage. Below all of these were Associates. They were not official members of the organization but were essentially pawns who unwittingly aided Berengar's spy network. The only members who knew that Berengar was the sovereign were the Listener and the Speakers. The rest were merely led to believe they were acting in the interest of the realm, and as such, if caught and interrogated, could not pin the blame on Berengar.

Currently, Linde was expanding the network throughout the entirety of Tyrol, starting with establishing a cell within Innsbruck. She knew just the person to fill the speaker's position, someone who could be trusted and was completely loyal to her. When she wrote the letter to her personal maid informing her of the duties she would be responsible for, the young woman took extra precaution and wrote the letter in a code that only the two would understand. Linde's maid was actually her little half-sister, a bastard of the family, and her name was Adelheid. If anything, Adelheid was the closest thing Linde had to a friend growing up; after all, Linde's cold, sadistic, and domineering attitude had kept many people away from her. Those who stuck around were generally guys entranced by her physical beauty, like Lambert. Unfortunately for them, they were never able to win her favor.

Thus Linde wrote the letter honestly to Adelheid, informing her of everything she had been through in Kufstein and her change in character. The only reason she risked doing so is that she knew Adelheid would support her no matter what she did or who she became. The letter contained some deeply personal information, including that she was currently pregnant with Berengar's child and had framed Lambert into being perceived as the father. After writing about past events, she concluded the letter asking for Adelheid's help forming a spy network throughout Innsbruck. There was sufficient pay offered, which was obviously kept off the ledgers, but more importantly, it was a personal request from Adelheid's big sister and best friend.

After sending the letter with a confidant to her home in Innsbruck, Linde sat back and sighed as she drank from a glass of purified water in which Berengar had made sure to make plenty of for her consumption. After all, she could not drink alcohol during her pregnancy, and Berengar would never allow her to drink unfiltered water. Linde rubbed her belly as she thought about the child growing inside of her. Every day she prayed it was a son so that he could Inherit Berengar's position one day. Having full confidence that he would become a King, she wanted her son to be legitimized and succeed his father more than anything. Of course, if she knew that Berengar had already planned a wide degree of political reforms for the future, one of which was critical to succession laws, then she would not care so much about whether or not her first child is a boy.

She figured that Berengar was in his room eating snacks with Adela and talking about his plans right now. She scoffed at the little girl's sweet tooth and figured that one day it would come back to bite her. Nevertheless, she wished it was her with Berengar right now. However, she could not very well intrude on their private time; after all, she would have plenty of it for herself later, and though she was competing with Adela for Berengar's affection, she had no plans to monopolize him for herself. She had become quite accepting of her role as his lover.

In the meantime, she was trying on dresses that Berengar had made for her; they were all in the colors of his house, which she took as a sign that he truly thought of her as family. If anyone asked where she acquired them from, she would say she purchased them from Berengar. Nobody needed to know that the Baron's son and heir showered her with gifts, everything from fine jewelry to exquisite dresses and shoes. Berengar made sure that both his girls were basking the most luxurious of clothing and accessories available.

She looked in the mirror gauging her appearance and knew that Berengar would be delighted by her stunning beauty. She could not wait to show him how she appeared in the attire he had made for her. However, that would have to wait. For now, she passed the time mixing and matching her outfits and accessories until she found the perfect looks for each of them.

...

Berengar was sitting in his room eating snacks with Adela; for whatever reason, the young girl decided to feed him the treats herself. He found the idea to be a bit ridiculous, but thankfully nobody was nearby to see the embarrassing scene. As such, he closed his sapphire eyes and accepted the treats his young fiancee fed him. For some reason, he could not help but feel like he had reached the pinnacle of life at this moment. Of course, a moment later, he quickly realized such a thought was absurd, and his fiery ambitions took hold of his mind once more. Nevertheless, he enjoyed the time spent with Adela. Eventually, he had to stop the girl's actions; unlike her, he could not eat so many sweets without feeling sick to his stomach. Adela pouted after seeing him resist the treats she was trying to force-feed him, but eventually, she accepted that he was too old to eat nothing but desert. Berengar, on the other hand, finally had to express his concerns about the young girl's eating habits.

"You know it is terrible for your health if you continue eating such a large amount of sweets as you do. You should really eat more meat and grains."

Once more, the adolescent girl began to pout as she heard his words; the expression on her face was too cute. Berengar could not help but tease her.

"What if I fed it to you? Would you eat some then?"

Adela could not help but become flustered by his statement as her cheeks became as red as apples. Eventually, she nodded, and Berengar could not stop himself from chuckling.

"Wait, right here, I will go get some of my favorite foods, and we will share them, okay?"

It was not as if Adela did not like the myriad of recipes Berengar had introduced to the world. She preferred the deserts, which as a responsible adult, Berengar could no longer allow her to snack upon them constantly throughout the day. As such, he walked to the kitchen, where he found the chefs hard at work. Upon seeing the young lord approach, they all greeted him.

"Milord! What brings you to the kitchen?"

Berengar smiled at the cooks as he saw their eager expressions; he came here with a purpose in mind and soon expressed it.

"Do you guys have any Pork Rouladen lying around that I can snack on?"

A particularly young chef walked over with a plate filled with the fabled dish and brought it to him.

"I had just finished cooking this; it would be an honor for you to taste it."

Berengar smiled, took a juicy piece from the plate, and stuffed it in his mouth, a wide grin spreading across his face.

"Excellent, it has turned out great! Do you mind if I take the whole plate from you?"

The cook shook his head with an eager smile on his face.

"Not at all Milord, all of this belongs to you and your family!"

Berengar quickly accepted the plate. The only other thing he stopped by for was a flagon of beer to wash it down with. Afterward, he walked off toward his personal room after leaving behind a message.

"You guys are doing an excellent job; keep up the good work!"

With that, he disappeared into the hallway while the Cooks looked at him with excited expressions. They were just complimented by the man who came up with all these recipes! Clearly, they were doing their jobs correctly.

Berengar returned to his quarters with a plate full of pork roulade and a flagon of beer in his hands. He proceeded to sit down next to Adela as he picked up a piece with his finger and stuffed it into the little girl's face.

"Say ahh!"

Adela's face became flushed with embarrassment, but eventually, she closed her eyes and did as she was told.

"Ahh...."

eventually, the food entered her mouth, and she could not help but exclaim in excitement; it was so much tastier when being fed to her by the man she loved.

Eventually, she devoured the whole thing, and before she knew it, Berengar said something to her, which she didn't register because he had moved too quickly.

"You have something on your face, silly girl."

With that said, Berengar reached out with his index finger and wiped the excess sauce off the roulade off her pretty pink lips, and stuck it into his own mouth; after licking his finger for a few moments, one word escaped his lips.

"Tasty"

Afterward, he began snacking on a piece himself while Adela nearly passed out from embarrassment. Berengar could not help but laugh at her sheepish expression. He decided to tease her a bit more.

"You want more?"

Despite her awkwardness, Adela nodded her head while her face was practically the color of a tomato. As such, Berengar repeated the process with the girl, after which she asked him a question that shocked him.

"Is that beer?"

Berengar could not help but nod his head; he was quite proud of the beer produced by the village and practically drank it full time. With his alcohol tolerance, he did not need water. Besides, he needed the calories since he was still trying to bulk up. He eventually asked her the question on his mind.

"Why do you ask?"

Adela shifted her eyes left and right before speaking her thoughts.

"Can I have some?"

Berengar was in a moral dilemma, though it was common for children to drink in this time period, as there was no drinking age. Berengar could not help but have a nagging voice in the back of his head from his 21st-century memories telling him it was illegal to supply minors with alcohol. However, his medieval mindset eventually won the debate, and he extended the flagon for Adela to drink from.

After taking a large gulp of the beer, the more the girl drank, the more her face began to become red with intoxication. She was not used to consuming alcohol, and thus rapidly became drunk. Eventually, Berengar cut her off, but by that point, her small head had begun to bob as she rested it on Berengar's shoulder. Eventually, she looked up at him with a drunken gaze filled with desire and pressed her lips against his, which startled the young lord. Though it was another childish peck on the lips, the expression on her face led Berengar to believe that he had allowed her to drink too much. Thus he retreated from her grasp. The moment he did so, tears began to form in the adolescent girl's eyes as she asked the question which concerned her.

"Do you not like me?" she stated in her drunken state.

Berengar sat next to her and hugged Adela tightly as he calmed her down.

"It is not like that; you are just too young right now. In a few years when we are married, I promise we can spend more time together... But for now, I think you should get some sleep." As such, despite the girl's intoxicated protests, Berengar picked Adela up into a princess carry and dragged her off to her room. After placing her in her bed, the girl quickly passed out, and Berengar could not help but think to himself as he looked upon Adela, who was sprawled out on her bed in a drunken stupor.

"This girl is too cute..."

With that being said, he left Adela's room and returned to his own, where he got back to work on his plans for the Demi-Lancer equipment and tactics; before long, he heard a knock on his door, and he could already guess who it was. When he finally opened the door, he saw Linde wearing one of the many dresses he gave her; she was adorned with the lavish jewelry he gifted her and wore a pair of black leather slippers. She looked at him with a slightly flustered expression and asked him the question that had been on her mind for the last hour and a half.

"How do I look?"

Berengar could not help but smile as he pulled her into his arms, shut the door, and kissed her passionately. After over a minute of making out, Berengar broke away and gave her the answer she was hoping for.

"You're the most beautiful woman I have ever met in my life!"

Her heart nearly jumped out of her chest from the compliment her lover had given her. Berengar was honest when he said that, in the entirety of his two lives, the only woman he had ever met who came close to her natural beauty was Adela, and she was still a child. Maybe one day she could rival Linde, but for now, the young woman before him was the only woman on his mind.

After spending an ungodly amount of time undressing Linde, Berengar finally got her onto his bed, where the two spent the night together, enjoying each other's warm embrace. Despite being already pregnant, Berengar tried his best to give her another child that night. After a night filled with passionate lovemaking, the two finally fell asleep early in the morning. It would not be for several hours before they awoke once more and began their daily routines.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44: Checking in on Things
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was currently in a sparring session with Eckhard with wooden swords. It had been quite some time since Berengar had first picked up the sword and had incorporated its training into his weekly exercise routine. By now, he was starting to become competent in swordsmanship, at least from a fundamental level. Though Berengar still vastly preferred the use of a bayonet, he felt it was still necessary for him to master the fundamentals of swordsmanship. You never know when you might be forced to wield a sword in combat.

Eckhard cut down with a verticle slash towards Berengar; the young lord quickly parried the blow before swiftly counter-attacking. Ultimately, this action was dodged by Eckhard, who unleashed a flurry of blows that Berengar struggled to keep up with. After a few moments of intense sword fighting, Berengar was tripped to the ground, and Eckhard pointed his sword at the young lord's vitals. Berengar was at a loss and yielded to his opponent.

"Damn it... I yield once more."

Eckhard chuckled as he stripped off his training gear and assisted Bernegar up from the ground; after the two stashed away their equipment, they headed to the kitchen, where Berengar procured a liter of beer for each of the men. As a man of refined tastes from his previous life, Berengar was extremely dissatisfied with the quality of alcohol in this world. Aside from distilling alcohol for medical practices, he had recently begun distilling spirits for regular consumption. In fact, he had recently obtained a plot of land from his father to make a large and dedicated brewery with the intent to mass-produce a variety of beers and spirits. The fact that his favorite beers being Doppelbock and Oktoberfest did not exist yet in this world was a damn shame. Unfortunately, it would take him at least a year to brew the first batch of Doppelbock and close to it for Oktoberfest. Thus, for now, he regularly consumed light beer, which was common in this world. It was hard to enjoy his favorite meals to the fullest extent without his most treasured alcoholic beverages and the missing dishes that utilized chocolate or potatoes. Still, it was acceptable for now; he just feared that he would have to wait many years before he could once more taste some of his most favored cuisine that was sadly absent from his meals.

After sharing a drink, the two men walked down to the training field, where they quickly got dressed in their combat attire and began to lead the troops for combat drills personally. Berengar commonly carried a flintlock musket, pistol, and a side sword. If he lost the use of his primary weapon for whatever reason, he wanted a backup in case he was in immediate danger. Berengar's kit was relatively unique; he had a black leather bandolier that held two flintlock pistols and a sword belt that contained a simple side sword. It was not the elegant sword that would later be his wedding gift from Ludwig and his workers. Instead, it was a rudimentary design that worked as an additional sidearm. His belt also contained the cartridge pouch which held his paper cartridges for the musket. When you took into account his extra garish attire, he easily stood out from the other soldiers in his army, which was both good and bad. It made it easier for his troops to understand where their commander was, but it also made him a more noticeable target to his enemies.

Nevertheless, the young Lord stood by his troops and conducted firing practice with them. By now, the earliest troops had graduated basic training and were going through specialized training. The training field was constructed with makeshift buildings and barriers acting as a simulated village for when they were in urban combat. The grenadiers would clear buildings by lobbing their grenades inside and waiting for the blast before storming in with their muskets loaded and ready with bayonets affixed. Berengar did not care about civilian casualties in a warzone; he only cared about how efficiently his army could handle the task with minimal casualties on his own side. As such, the tactics he used would be deemed excessive and possibly even war crimes in his past life. However, there were no such things in this feudal era, and he was free to conduct warfare as he saw fit.

Line tactics, anti-cavalry tactics, urban warfare tactics, siege tactics, these were all things he wanted his men well accustomed to. The peaceful days he had lived in were quickly coming to an end, though Berengar had not received any recent updates on the King's status. It would not be long before the German-speaking regions found themselves embroiled in a bloody conflict for the succession of the title. It was even quite possible that the war could spread to the other regions of the Holy Roman Empire. Nevertheless, to an ambitious young man like Berengar, this war was an opportunity to seize power. When all was said and done and the war was over, the feudal powers of the German regions would be weakened, and he would have the opportunity to rise like an eagle. As such, the young lord had a cruel smile on his face as he watched his men perform the tasks he required of them with ease. Soon a new era would rise, an era of steel and shot, an era of industry.

After a long day of arduous training, Berengar returned to the village where he visited Gunther, who was overseeing his agricultural implementations. When he visited the man's farm, he saw that all of his advancements had been implemented and that Gunther's farm, in particular, was extraordinarily prosperous. With the introduction of animal-powered mechanization, the nearby farmlands were incorporated under his supervision as their previous workers began to shift to the industrial workforce. So many families working one plot of land was no longer necessary. Though these tools had not yet been mass-produced nor had they been outfitted to all of the farms across the village of Kufstein, the fact that Gunther and his large family alone were able to take care of such a large farm was a good sign of the future.

When Gunther noticed Berengar's approach, he immediately stood at attention and smiled as he addressed the young lord.

"Milord, the harvest this year is sure to be bountiful! The livestock is also growing in numbers now that they can be bred year-round!"

Berengar clasped the man on the shoulder as he greeted him. It had been some time since he checked up on his progress in person.

"It is good to see you, old friend! That is excellent news."

Gunther smiled and accepted Berengar's greeting

"So what can I help you with, milord?"

Berengar smiled and began to walk around the farm, inspecting its progress in person while Gunther followed behind him.

"Tell me, how is the implementation of the four-field system, phosphate fertilizer, and irrigation going across the Barony's many farmlands?"

Gunther kept track of the progress throughout the town, and word eventually spread from contact with the other townships and villages within the Barony to Gunther.

"As far as I know, your innovations are fully implemented here in the town of Kufstein. In the other regions, we have seen the four-field system and fertilizer being used. Though irrigation is on the rise, it will still be a few months before it is used across the board. Many of the unemployed farmers of the other regions are flocking to the town of Kufstein looking for work; as far as I'm aware, they fit in well with locals. Soon enough, this town may become a real city!"

Berengar smiled upon hearing such news. Clearly, construction was undergoing, and the city development plan he had petitioned his father to use was currently going underway. Before long, A new city would appear here in the heart of Kufstein. Berengar had many plans underway to reduce squalor and homelessness. Keeping the city organized was a top priority.

"That is exactly what I wanted to hear! Now tell me, Gunther, when will we see the new machines implemented into agriculture across the town?"

Gunther smiled and shared the good news with Berengar

"Roughly three months milord, and the town's agriculture will be mechanized as you put it. Maybe a year later, the rest of the Barony will follow suit."

Berengar was pleased with this news; hopefully, his Barony would have mechanized agriculture powered by animals by the time the war broke out. If not, at least it would be close to it. He could not be happier with the way things were headed. After speaking with Gunther for a bit about what he had been up to since Berengar's last visit, the two parted ways for the day. Berengar still had to check up on Ludwig and the industrial sector.

After returning to the industrial sector, it was a completely different sight from when he was last there. He now had two steel production lines, an arms factory, an armory, an agricultural equipment factory, and a textile factory. The industrial sector was bustling with hundreds if not thousands of workers who were hard at work producing the products needed to usher in the new age. The machinery used to produce equipment was all water-powered. Wherever necessary assembly lines were in place to make the creation process smoother. As such, it was quite the operation; Berengar figured there was no city on the planet with such an advanced industrial sector. The best part is that it was growing by the day.

When Berengar approached Ludwig's old shop, which was now his office, he saw the older man was hard at work looking at a set of blueprints Berengar had given him. The office was completely cluttered with designs, and paperwork was strewn about. Berengar knew the pains of paperwork all too well; after all, he had his nights filled with it. As such, he could empathize with the old man who was so hard at work that he did not notice Berengar's entry. It was not until Berengar cleared his throat that the man noticed the young lord standing in front of him.

"Milord!?! I am sorry I did not see you there."

Ludwig said as he rapidly rose to his feet. However, Berengar quickly signaled that he could sit down, and as such, Ludwig was only halfway out of his seat before he sat back down in his old leather chair.

"What brings you here, milord?"

Berengar chuckled and looked over the paperwork Ludwig was currently going over before speaking his thoughts.

"I am just checking in on things. How are you holding up?"

Ludwig let out a deep sigh and vented his frustrations to the young lord who he knew would take it in stride.

"I am fine, just a little overworked is all, though I am sure you are the same way. Of course, I do not have a beautiful young lover to vent all my frustrations on at the end of every night..."

Berengar could not help but laugh at the old man's comments. It was true he released any pent-up emotions through his nightly escapades with Linde, and as such, always woke up refreshed. The same could not be said for everyone else.

"So, how is it going with my factories?"

Ludwig quickly smiled with a hint of pride on his face; his hard work was paying off.

"What was the saying you used before? Everything is running like a well-oiled machine?"

Berengar chuckled when he heard that phrase, it was definitely out of place in this medieval world. Still, he had been known to use idioms from his past life, which had caused confusion on several occasions.

"That is good to hear; I see a lot of men working here. Are they properly paid and given the necessary rest breaks?"

Ludwig nodded with a big grin on his face as he answered Berengar's question.

"Of course, and they're quite thankful for it. Many of the new arrivals are men from the other regions of the Barony, and they had expected to have been slaved to death here in the factories, like many of the miners used to be before you began to impose your reforms on the realm. Despite the hard work, they are quite happy about their pay and hours, for the most part. Unfortunately, there will always be a few bastards complaining about their life no matter how good they have it."

Berengar nodded at Ludwig's words; he spoke the truth, you could not please everyone in this world, but at least they were afforded a proper wage, working hours, and safety standards, which is more than could be said about the rest of the world at the moment. The exponential growth of his family's wealth from all of the business he had made over the past few months has allowed him to increase the workers' wages and set up performance bonuses. As such, a new middle class was finally forming in the region of Kufstein. Though it was still in its early stages, the Barony of Kufstein was beginning to shift from the feudal era of nobles and peasants to an industrialized world with a multi-class structure.

After having a few drinks like old times with Ludwig and talking about the past, present, and future, Berengar parted ways with his friend and returned to the Castle. Everything was progressing smoothly; now, all he needed was Linde's report from the spy network she was managing, and he could finally call it a night. The life of an ambitious man was never idle. Berengar bathed before returning to his room; before long, Linde approached as per usual, but before she could pounce into Berengar's embrace, he stopped her and asked her the question on his mind.

"So, how are things on your end?"

She instantly knew what Berengar was referring to and pouted before she sat down next to him. she exhaled deeply and gave him the latest report.

"Your network has penetrated the entirety of the Barony and the vassals beneath your father. If anything even remotely similar to a plot against you appears, I will know about it. I've contacted my half-sister in Innsbruck and instructed her to set up a cell in her area. Before long, we will know everything that transpires in the seat of power of Tyrol. As for Ludolf, he is close to becoming a priest, and when he does so, he has orders to do as you have asked. Aside from that, your mouths are currently producing propaganda throughout the region about your exploits and inventions. They've come up with some interesting stories about how you are blessed by the divinity of Christ with knowledge of the future and will usher in a new era of peace and stability for the German people. I don't know who came up with that bullshit, but people are eating it up."

After reporting to Berengar about her activities, she leaned into his chest and whispered in his ear.

"Have I been a good girl?"

Berengar smiled and stroked her glossy strawberry-blonde hair before pushing her down upon the bed and whispered back to her.

"You have been a very good girl, and I think you deserve a reward."

After which, he spent the remainder of his waking hours with his lover's warm embrace. He wondered how long this peaceful and plentiful life could go on before the storm arrived. However, as of right now, that was not his concern. He needed to enjoy this time while it lasted, one thing was certain his future would be filled with bloodshed, and that was not something he could escape now that he had embarked on the path to power.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45: Lamberts Birthday I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lambert awoke bright and early on this wonderful morning in the middle of July. Today was July 17th, 1417; in other word's it was the teenage boy's 16th birthday. Today he would finally become a member of adulthood in this feudal world. His wedding to Linde would be held in a fortnight, and he was not very excited for that day. Currently, his relationship with Linde was cold, to say the least; she no longer punished him for his mistakes and barely took an interest in him as a person. She often walked right by him as if he did not even exist. On the other hand, she had become increasingly close to his elder brother and rival.

Ever since her father left the young beauty in charge of managing his transaction with Berengar, she had sought every opportunity to spend time with his brother instead of himself. Now Lambert may be considered quite dense when it comes to relationships with the opposite sex, but even he was beginning to suspect Linde was having an affair with his elder brother. He even began to doubt the parentage of his so-called child. He had never once confronted his fiancee despite his worries as he was too fearful of the truth.

The more he thought about such things, the more he began to convince himself it was the truth. After all, during his last attempt on Berengar's life, somehow the information was leaked to Berengar's militia that the young lord was in trouble, and they marched in the dead of night to Wildsch?nau to save the bastard's life. To this day, he still had not caught the scoundrel who was responsible for leaking such information. Nevertheless, he could not bring himself to accuse Linde of such actions openly; after all, that would essentially be treason against the Count of Tyrol, who was her father. Lambert could not imagine Linde would betray her family for his brother, and thus his suspicions were kept in check.

Still, he did not keep such thoughts in his head for long; he quickly got dressed as he rose out of his bed and decided to give his fiancee an early surprise. As such, he visited her quarters at the crack of dawn. However, when he knocked on her door, there was no response, which was quite worrisome. Thus he knocked louder and louder, but no matter how hard and loud he pounded on the woman's door, she did not respond. Lambert found that to be very strange; where could she have gone at such an hour. Truth be told, she enjoyed a very early morning bath with her lover, but Lambert had no way of knowing this. As such, he waited at her door until she responded. Eventually, he saw Linde appear wearing her nightgown from the previous night, while her hair was damp as if she had just been in the bath. Her porcelain skin glistened under the light of dawn as it shone through the windows. The heavenly beauty looked at Lambert with shock as he stood outside her door, waiting for her arrival. Just how long had he been there waiting?

Lambert was furious; where had she been at such an ungodly hour, and why was she wearing her nightgown?

"Where the hell have you been? I've been standing here pounding on your door for thirty minutes!"

Linde frowned as she noticed the tone Lambert was taking with her, and she coldly snubbed her nose at him before trying to enter her door. However, Lambert grabbed ahold of his fiancee and shoved her against the wall, his eyes filled with rage as he pressed her head firmly against the cold stone doorway.

"I asked you a question!"

Linde returned his furious gaze with one of her own, however after a few moments, her murderous gaze faded and she began to smile, which confused Lambert. Until he felt Berengar's iron grip rip into his shoulder, almost as if he were going to tear out the boy's clavicle, Lambert turned his head around with a horrified expression as he saw Berengar staring at him with a freezing glare. When the teenage boy looked into the eyes of his older brother he could feel the cold gaze of death staring back at him. Thus he quickly released his grasp over Linde in fear.

Berengar was also noticeably damp; however, that was not uncommon at this hour as Berengar was known to wake up early and exercise heavily. He appeared to be in loose-fitting clothes he normally wore for such an occasion. Berengar still latched onto Lambert's shoulder and even dug his fingernails deeper into Lambert's doublet. Inflicting pain on the boy.

"What do you think you're doing? Is that any way to treat your fiancee?"

Berengar's eyes were cold and expressionless. Yet his voice was thunderous and full of fury. This noticeably enraged tone held a hint of natural authority behind it and reminded Lambert of a Tyrant sentencing a subject to death for an unforgivable crime. Berengar's eyes showed the indifference he felt towards Lambert's meaningless life, but his voice carried the weight of a thousand stars. At that moment, Lambert felt like kneeling and begging for forgiveness, but he quickly grabbed ahold of his resolve and talked back to Berengar; after all, one day soon, he would be Baron, and Berengar would be a corpse.

"She's my fiancee. I can do what I wish with her"

however, the moment he spoke those words, Berengar struck the boy with the back of his hand; it was such a violent blow that Lambert felt that he nearly lost a tooth from the impact. Berengar's icy gaze penetrated Lambert's soul, and the tone he now used was enough to awaken everyone who dwelled within this corridor.

"She is your fiancee, and you will treat her with respect!"

Before Lambert could make a proper retort, he was struck again by Berengar's hand, Lambert was outraged that he was treated in such a manner, yet he did not dare say another word at this point. Instead, Berengar looked over to Linde, his tyrannical expression softening as he did so.

"Linde, are you okay?"

Lambert noticed that Berengar was incredibly informal with his fiancee, which further ignited the fire within his heart. Yet, he stood there and did nothing. Linde, on the other hand, was flushed with excitement; she had never seen Berengar so angry over the way someone had treated her before. She wanted to jump into his arms at that moment but knew she could not do so for it would be inappropriate. As such, she merely nodded her head and bowed gracefully.

"I am fine; thank you for your assistance in this matter."

Berengar nodded and smiled at Linde before turning his attention back to Lambert, where he grabbed ahold of the boy's hair and shoved his face into the cold stone floor. He decided to give the boy a stern warning; after all, he would not tolerate any violence towards his women.

"If you so much as lay a hand on her again, I swear to our father in heaven that I will grind you up into sausage and feed you to the pigs! Do I make myself clear?"

Lambert tried to escape from his grasp but could not do so; Berengar had grown quite strong since he had been reincarnated into this world. Noticing Lambert's defiance, he slammed the boy's face into the stone floor once more and yelled at him.

"Do I make myself clear?"

Lambert nodded his head and hissed through his teeth in an absolute fit of rage.

"I understand..."

The ruckus in which this incident caused had awoken Henrietta, who, after exiting her room, witnessed her two brothers engaged in a bloody struggle and Linde standing in the corner sneering at Lambert's fate. If the little girl did not like Linde before, she despised her now. Thus she approached the scene and tried to coax her two brothers into settling their dispute peacefully.

"Big brothers... What's going on?"

Berengar did not notice Henrietta approaching until now, and after seeing the worried expression on the little loli's face, he let go of Lambert, dragged him to his feet and patted him off.

"Nothing much, just some friendly wrestling, right Lambert?"

Lambert immediately noticed the deathly glare Berengar was giving him and agreed to the ludicrous excuse Berengar had come up with on the spot.

"Absolutely..."

Though Henrietta was still worried about the overall situation, she noticed that they had decided to act civil in her presence. Thus she approached them further, immediately switching the subject from whatever had caused such a scuffle.

"Lambert, I want pancakes for breakfast! Can we have pancakes?"

Though Lambert was a devious prick, he still had a soft spot for his little sister, much like Berengar, and had thus elected to put this feud to rest for now. As such, he smiled and patted Henrietta on the head before agreeing to her request.

"Sure, Henrietta, whatever you want!"

Henrietta ran into Lambert's arms and hugged him while staring down Linde with a look that said

"I'm watching you!"

Linde was unphased by the little girl's provocation as she had seen it many times since her arrival; despite her best efforts, she had proven incapable of building a bond with either of the women of Berengar's family. Which was unfortunate, but she would not lose any sleep over it. Truly aside from Berengar, it was the women of the von Kufstein family who had the best intuition. Eventually, Adela also left her quarters and saw what was transpiring; though she did not know what had occurred, she instinctively felt it was something serious. She would make sure to ask Berengar about it later. After concluding the violent scene, the five of them walked into the dining hall, where they would await the arrival of the Baron and Baroness so that they could begin Lambert's birthday breakfast.

Lately, Berengar had been ordering a beer with his breakfast, however today he suspiciously ordered a 2-liter flagon of milk to be brought to him. Despite his unusual behavior nobody minded it. While drinking from his morning milk Berengar could tell Lambert was glaring at him with a desire for revenge. Still, there was nothing the boy could do about it at this moment. Instead, he made a civil talk with the others. The group pretended as if the awkward scene in the corridor had never transpired.

Lambert, on the other, was almost entirely certain that Linde was cheating on him with Berengar, but there was nothing he could do about it. Count Lothar would never believe his daughter would conspire against him and would probably have Lambert severely punished for suggesting such a thing. As such, all he could do was be cautious around her in the future. The group chatted for quite some time before the Baron and Baroness arrived; they were quite shocked to see that Berengar was here before them. Usually, he was either exercising or hard at work this early in the morning. Instead, he was sitting here peacefully conversing with the others.

The Baron and Baroness sat down at the head of the table and ordered the food to be prepared and brought for them. While they waited for the food, they congratulated Lambert on his 16th Birthday; later that night, they would hold a coming of age ceremony for their second son. It was sure to be a festive occasion, one in which Berengar would take advantage of to cuck his brother to the fullest degree. He had plans to bed Linde in every part of the castle today without anyone knowing, including Lambert's bed. It was Berengar's way of saying happy birthday to his diabolical little brother who had already made multiple attempts on his life.

Eventually, breakfast was served, and as Henrietta had suggested, German pancakes were one of the many delicacies served. Berengar, of course dined entirely on wurst and sauerkraut. He would need a lot of protein if he were going to enjoy Linde to the extent he desired today. Thus he piled his plate with nothing but wurst and sauerkraut while drinking yet another giant 2L flagon of milk. Though the rest of the family was puzzled by his actions, Linde had an eery suspicion about what he was planning for the upcoming hours and, for the first time, was slightly excited about Lambert's birthday.

Adela looked at Berengar curiously, wondering why his breakfast was so weird.

"Berengar, are you not going to have anything else?"

Berengar shook his head and patted the girl's silky golden blonde hair.

"Sometimes a man has got to eat his wurst and sauerkraut."

She did not know what to say, so she merely accepted his answer and moved on. As such, Berengar spent over an hour with his family discussing the schedule for the day while they feasted on their fabulous breakfast. Of course, he planned to be absent for most of it and only show up at the end drunk out of his mind. Still, he had prepared a gift for Lambert. The present he had planned for Lambert was the mini balls he had used to kill the boy's assassins during his hunting trip. While cleaning up the corpses, he made sure to recover the minie balls used to kill his opponents. He also added a fourth one which he had used to hunt a buck. The reason for this was simple it was a symbolic gesture, four used bullets for the four men-at-arms killed during the hunting trip. As long as Lambert thought the fourth bullet came from his assassins, it would intimidate the boy. Essentially Berengar was using violence and intimidation to pursue his political aims. In other words, this was a symbolic act of terror against his enemies.

This was only the beginning of the day in which Lambert entered adulthood. There were many things to come as Berengar played mind games with his brother on a day that was supposed to be filled with celebration. Instead, Lambert would only feel dread and terror as his older brother would torment him in more ways than had already occurred.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46: Lamberts Birthday II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After finishing the extravagant breakfast, Berengar departed from the family; they had many plans to set into place and a luxurious feast to prepare for the coming night. As such, Berengar used this time to enact his plan with Linde. He had already enjoyed her company in the bath. So he met up with Linde in secret on several occasions that day in various parts of the castle, where the couple released their carnal desires together.

While that was going on, Lambert took out his pent-up fury on a training dummy with his longsword. The 16-year-old boy could not believe that today of all days, he had been humiliated in such a manner by his brother. Though he had wanted to keep a close eye on Linde, the sly girl had absconded the moment breakfast was over, and despite his attempts, Lambert ultimately failed to track her down. The image of her perfect porcelain skin dripping wet with the bathwater as her nightgown clung tightly to her heavenly curves could not escape his mind. Though it would normally be a pleasant memory to have, the scene that transpired afterward where Berengar was equally damp did nothing but create paranoia as he continued to suspect a relationship between the two.

The young lord wanted to get to the bottom of this, though he could not. Accusing Linde without evidence would only create further tension between him and her father. Not to manage the harm it would cause to the fragile relationship he currently had with his fiancee. Truthfully he did not want to know the truth if it was what he suspected. The boy wanted to tear his own heart out as he slashed at the Training dummy's neck, decapitating it with a perfectly placed strike. In his mind, he envisioned the scene of removing Berengar's head from his shoulders, and at that moment, he felt cathartic. He swore to himself that sooner or later, he would have his vengeance on his older brother for the pain and suffering that had been inflicted on him this day. Of course, it did not even enter the boy's mind that he had brought these things upon himself by conspiring against his brother for the inheritance.

After a long training session, Lambert entered the bath, where he cleansed his milky white skin from the sweat and grime accumulated throughout the violent display. As he gazed into his reflection within the pool of water, he could not help but feel inferior in appearance to his older brother; though he had the charm of youth on his side, he did not have the princely features with which Berengar had been blessed. Instead, despite his youth, his face and body were more robust, as he had the characteristics of a knight. Which was attractive in its own right, and many women would prefer such a look. However, his fiancee obviously preferred the regal features of Berengar, which got under the boy's skin. He dashed the bathwater with his hand causing a ripple to obscure the reflection before getting out of the pool of water and dressing in his attire.

After getting out of the bath, he visited the kitchen where the chefs were busy baking a massive german cheesecake for the celebration that would occur later in the evening. He had no idea that Berengar and Linde were enjoying each other's embrace in his bed at this moment. Thus he continued to walk around the castle. Lately, he had noticed that the guards inside the Castle had shifted from the usual troops adorned with brigandine and halberds to men garbed in the flamboyant attire of Berengar's militia while carrying their hand cannons. He was unaware that his father had selected Eckhard to be his next marshal, as it had not been publicly announced yet. However, unlike before when Lambert laughed at the peasants in their dirty clothes and their laughable hand cannons, their current equipment in which they issued began to intimidate Lambert. The men were clearly garbed in partial plate armor with a breastplate, backplate, gorget, and helmet, which were all made of blackened steel. These guards did not pay the slightest bit of attention to Lambert as he passed by.

Lambert walked out upon the Castle's ramparts and saw more of these men acting as sentries upon the Castle's walls. They were currently in the process of aligning Berengar's cannons onto the ramparts. These cannons were not the 12 lb field guns used by the militia, but 24 lb siege cannons developed by Berengar and recently put into production with the intent of being static defensive guns mounted on the Castle's walls. With Eckhard being made the Marshal, even if it was not common knowledge at the moment, the man had begun to transition the old garrison into Berengar's training and re-outfitting them with the modern equipment. In truth, the men Lambert saw staffing the castle were the same men that always acted as the garrison; they were just equipped with the latest weapons of Berengar's design and were being trained in their use. Of course, some of Berengar's men had replaced those who had been purged from the Castle garrison's ranks for being loyal to Lambert, but most of the troops stationed at Castle Kufstein were the same men who had always been there.

After traveling across the Castle observing the changes occurring, Lambert could not help but feel that Berengar was winning in the war. They were fighting for the succession of their father's title. Lately, his allies were beginning to back out of his plans after the death of Marshal Friedhelm, and hostile forces now surrounded him within his own home. Things were not going well for the youth, who was now in a difficult position. Count Lothar of Tyrol kept pressuring the boy into another assassination attempt on Berengar's life, but it was becoming increasingly difficult to do so. Berengar had won the favor of the people. Thus he could no longer count on them to poison him, the castle guard who was loyal to himself had now been replaced by forces loyal to Berengar, and the man had quite possibly won over his fiancee and was using her to spy on him. As long as Berengar remained in Kufstein, it would be challenging to claim his life.

Worse yet, Lambert was now aware that rumors were spreading of Berengar's divine powers to see the future and that the inventions he had implemented were gifts from God to the people of Germany that would lead them into a new era. Many of the common folk were beginning to treat him like he was some saint. Suddenly Lambert had an epiphany if he could not get the people to turn on Berengar, and the feudal powers were no longer supporting Lambert. There was only one potential ally he could call upon, which had enough power and authority to end Berengar's life. A devilish smile appeared across Lambert's face as he realized that this war was far from over. If he could gain the church's support and accuse Berengar of heresy, then it did not matter if he was a Baron's son and heir; the inquisition had the power and authority to deal with any potential heretics, no matter their social status! As such, he quickly rushed to his room to draft a letter to the Bishop of Innsbruck to make accusations of Heresy against his elder brother.

By the time Lambert reached his room, Berengar and Linde had already moved onto another part of the castle to continue their day of debauchery. As such, Lambert was entirely unaware of what had recently transpired in his own bed. He quickly got to his desk and pulled out parchment, a quill, and some ink where he began to draft a letter for a plea of assistance from the Bishop. In this letter, Lambert brought up concerns about Berengar being the embodiment of the seven deadly sins and consorting with witches and demons to gain forbidden knowledge that had allowed him to "invent" these new devices that were being implemented in Kufstein; and how Berengar was spreading blasphemy about his divinity. The list of concerns in which Lambert brought up was both extensive and almost entirely fictitious.

After drafting the letter, he brought it to the local priest of the church within Kufstein. Currently, Deacon Ludolf was working alongside the priest on matters of the ecclesiarchy. Thus Ludolf, a high-ranking member of Berengar's spy network and trusted ally, was present When Lambert rushed in to gain the signature of the local priest for his approval of these concerns.

"Father, I have some concerns about my brother's erratic behavior lately and have decided to draft a formal inquiry to the Bishop so that we may discover the truth about these matters. I would like you to read about my concerns and give your support."

The priest smiled when he saw Lambert; the boy was considered a pious and graceful youth worthy of the title of Baron. Unfortunately, he was born the second son and thus would not inherit the lands. The priest's opinion of Berengar was not as high as Lambert's; after all, Berengar had only shown his face in the church once in the past few months. He was beginning to believe that the young man had become an apostate. When the priest read the letter Lambert had drafted, it was as if his suspicions were confirmed. Without any evidence for the claims in which Lambert had presented, the priest signed away his endorsement on the spot. It would be good for an unfaithful wretch like Berengar to be removed from his position, especially if these concerns turned out to be legitimate. The old priest smiled at Lambert and patted the boy on the shoulder.

"Lambert, my child, you have always been a faithful servant to the Lord, and I will gladly endorse your letter to the Bishop. If what you say is true, there is a dire need for the inquisition to get involved. We can only pray that the devil and his worshippers are routed out from the halls of your ancestors and that the glory of God can be returned to these lands."

Lambert smiled gracefully and bowed to the Priest

"Thank you, Father; I knew I could count on your support in these troubling times!"

Afterward, The priest saw Lambert off as he raced back to the castle to send the letter to the Bishop of Innsbruck. When he returned, he was given an odd stare by Ludolf, who could not help but voice his concerns.

"Father, you can not possibly believe that a single thing written in that letter was the truth. It is obvious the boy is scheming to take over his brother's position as heir to the Barony!"

The priest frowned at Ludolf as he chastised him greatly for his words.

"Whether it is true or not is of no concern of the Church. If Berengar were to inherit his father's position, he would use the power in his hands to be rid of the Church's influence. We cannot allow such ideas to take hold over the people's minds, especially the nobility who stand to benefit from them. It is better to have a God-fearing Baron like Lambert in charge who will obey the will of the Papacy than a Godless heathen like Berengar who would challenge the authority of the Holy See."

At that moment, Ludolf knew everything Berengar had said about the Church was true; they were corrupt beyond measure. They were willing to torture a seemingly righteous man to death over nonsensical claims simply because he posed a minor threat to their power. These words by the priest of Kufstein ultimately convinced Ludolf that the Church needed to be reformed. However, he stood there in silence, simply nodding his head at the priest's words. For now, he would have to warn Berengar of the danger that lies ahead. Ludolf would one day come to realize that this one decision by the authorities of the Church would cause Berengar to view the Papacy as the greatest obstacle in his rise to power and would cause endless bloodshed in the struggle for secular authority.

After Lambert returned to the Castle, he quickly sent the letter to the Bishop of Innsbruck, though it would take time to approve the inquisition's interference in Kufstein. Lambert was certain that this action would lead his Brother to his demise. For in his mind, how could a lowly Baron's heir defy the might of the inquisition? If Lambert knew what his brother would have in store for the church's forces upon their arrival, he would have soiled himself in fear of the mad lengths to which Berengar was willing to enact to ensure his dominance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47: Lamberts Birthday III
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After successfully sending the letter to the Bishop of Innsbruck, Lambert had a wide smile on his face. His otherwise foul mood had taken a turn for the better as he could finally see an end in sight for his brother. He also wrote another letter informing Count Lothar of Tyrol of his plans to involve the Church in their schemes. By branding Berengar as a Heretic, they would essentially get the entirety of the Christian world to unite against him. Or so they believed, at the very least, the Inquisition would not let the young man go so easily.

It was not until the evening that Lambert finally left his room where he returned to the Kitchen to see his family gathered around the table with a German Cheesecake produced for him. It was a relatively recent tradition that popped up in the German world, but it was not until Berengar arrived that it had spread to Kufstein. After all, the man wanted an excuse to eat cake. Since it was a tradition that was bound to spread across Europe eventually and had already taken root in some areas of the German-speaking regions, Berengar took it upon himself to introduce it to Kufstein for Lambert's birthday. It would seem like he was generous; in reality, he just wanted an excuse to cheat on his diet and feast on the delicious cake. It was just a pity that chocolate did not exist in Europe yet. Otherwise, he would have had his chefs cook up some German chocolate cake, which Berengar was accustomed to having during his childhood birthdays from his previous life.

Berengar, of course, took the liberty to add the candles himself and start that tradition a few centuries early. It was a birthday, and Berengar would be damned if he did not do it right! It truly did not matter if it was for his greatest enemy; an excuse to start a tradition is an excuse to start a tradition. The family sat around the table and lit the candles, where Berengar stared at his little brother with a gentle smile.

"Make a wish, Lambert, then blow out the candles!"

As such, Lambert thought to himself.

'Make a wish? I don't see the point, but whatever, I wish you would drop dead!'

Afterward, he did what Berengar had said and exhaled deeply onto the candles snuffing their flames in the process. Unfortunately for him, his wish did not become a reality. Afterward, everyone lined up to give the presents they had acquired to Lambert. From his mother Gisela, he received a fine doublet manufactured in one of Berengar's factories. From his father, he received a new steel longsword superior to the one he previously had, as it was made from high-quality, high carbon Bessemer steel. He received a childish drawing of the family from Henrietta, and from Linde, he received nothing... His fiancee had not given him a gift at all; well, technically, she had. He was just not aware of it. Her gift to Lambert was cheating on him with his older brother in his own bed.

Finally, it was Berengar's turn, and everyone expected him to give something outlandish to Lambert; after all, Berengar was in charge of the industrial sector within the realm. Yet before Berengar gave him the box which contained his present, he said something which unnerved Lambert.

"My present is a trophy from my hunting trip in which I went on with our father not too long ago. Open it up and see what it is, little brother; I'm sure it will amuse you..."

When Berengar said those words, he had a devilish grin on his face which gave Lambert a bad feeling about the present within his grasp. His hands began to tremble as he slowly unwrapped the box and looked inside. In the small box were four mini ball projectiles, slightly bent out of shape and stained with blood. It was truly a curious thing. However, the words that came out of Berengar's words spread terror to every corner of Lambert's mind.

"I managed to dig those out of the corpses of my kills. It's a trophy to the success of my hunt, and I would like to dedicate such a meaningful part of my past to you, little brother!"

It was a weird present to give to Lambert on his birthday, and thus it confused everyone except for Lambert, Linde, and Berengar. He kept looking up between the malicious smile on Berengar's face and down at the blood-stained bullet-like projectiles in his hands. It instantly clicked in his head what Berengar meant. Lambert had sent four assassins to deal with Berengar on the hunt, and there were four bloody pieces of lead in this box. Did that mean that Berengar had killed those men after all? That they had not run away in the first place? How was that possible? According to Berengar the hand cannons did not have a very effective range and a long reload speed. How did he manage to get off four shots and perfectly kill all four men? This was very clearly a threat by Berengar to Lambert, and there were only three people in the room who realized exactly what Berengar's intent was with this gift.

However, the more Lambert tried to rationalize it, the more he realized Berengar couldn't kill the men with these lead balls; his brother was probably aware of the fact that Lambert had sent assassins after him and was messing with his mind. It was not as if Berengar could fire his hand cannon at the distance of a longbow; that would be absurd! Thus the sixteen-year-old boy finally calmed himself down and returned Berengar's gesture with a gracious smile.

"Thank you, Berengar; I will treasure it always!"

Berengar smiled back to Lambert and nodded in approval

"I am sure you will."

To everyone else in the room, it would appear that the two brothers were quite friendly to one another and were on good terms. Sadly such a thing could not be further from the truth. If they knew that the two boys were fighting tooth and nail to find a way to put one another in the grave, it would surely cause a disturbance. After accepting his gifts, Lambert lambert immediately dug into his cheesecake with a satisfied expression. He did not know the genius who invented such a thing, but it was truly a slice of heaven. The family mingled together as they discussed the future while snacking on the cake. Finally, Berengar mentioned something sure to antagonize his little brother.

"So, little brother, I hear your wedding has been moved up. It should be just around the corner now that you're an adult, should it not?"

Gisela's expression instantly stiffened as she stared menacingly at Linde; by now, Linde was used to such glances from the Baroness and could not care less. Lambert, on the other hand, nearly choked on his cake. Berengar was clearly trying to aggravate him, especially now that Lambert had suspicions about Linde's potential relationship with his brother. However, this marriage was something he could not back out of now. Not unless he could prove he was not the father of Linde's child. However, that would be not easy to do, and he did not even know where to begin to do so. Essentially it was her word against his, and her father would never believe that the girl had been impregnated by a man other than her fiance. Of course, she would never admit to such a thing, and as such, he was basically screwed. The girl he once admired as the most beautiful woman in the world was not only an enormous bitch, but quite the slut too! At least in Lambert's eyes. From Berengar's perspective, she was an incredibly loyal woman, she was chaste until the night they met, and the only reason things went down the path they had was that she drugged him.

Eventually, Lambert smiled and hissed between his teeth as he could not think of an escape route.

"Yes, I look forward to it every day. Isn't that right, dear?"

he said as he glanced over to Linde, hoping to get a reaction from the girl. Now that they were both 16 years old, she no longer held that seniority over him.

Linde looked over at Lambert with disgust in her eyes. However, despite her true feelings, she pretended to be kind to Lambert since it was his birthday and his family was around.

"Of course, I wouldn't want any other man as my husband!"

The only person in the room who bought that line was Sieghard; even Adela could tell the young woman's disgust towards her fiance. It was not that she was a bad actor; it is just that all of the women in the room already had some suspicion about where Linde's affection truly lied, and Berengar obviously knew her true self better than anyone. Gisela truly detested the young woman who her second son was about to marry. If she had the authority, she would have cast the girl out from her home long ago. Hopefully, when Berengar became regent, she could convince him as a mother to use his authority to move Lambert and his detestable wife into one of the estates within the town of Kufstein, which were built for the lodgings of the noblemen who visited for Berengar's engagement ceremony. Though she suspected that Berengar was having an affair with Linde, surely the boy would end things once the girl had been married to his brother.

Of course, in reality, Lambert would be excluded from the best parts of marriage as Linde would use her pregnancy as an excuse not to sleep with Lambert and would continue to maintain her distance from him even after marriage. After this morning's scramble with Berengar, he truly feared his brother would feed him to the pigs if he forced himself upon the girl. The look in Berengar's eye was inhuman and murderous with intent. He had no doubt Berengar would be so cruel to his own flesh and blood. Especially since they were already both plotting each other's downfall.

After a long day of festivities and celebration, the family finally returned to their rooms. As always, Berengar attempted to get some work done before going to bed. He was currently designing public schools to be built in every populated region of the Barony and the schedule in which not only the children but the adult peasants would have to go through to learn their basic education. It was an expensive investment that would take away from the massive productivity he was currently experiencing, but it would be worth it in the long run. An educated populace was a productive populace. Not to mention He would be able to use the public school system to indoctrinate the population of Kufstein into being loyal to him and his reformist cause.

Thus among the list of blueprints, he was creating was the printing press, so he could give everyone a copy of the bible to study in their own time, and of course, the education materials they would need to cover as a class. The only problem he faced was finding educated individuals to teach the masses. Though he was certain that among the contacts he had made during his engagement ceremony, he could find some educated and pampered nobles to act as teachers for a few hours each day. Thus he spent the remainder of his work hours establishing a proper curriculum, designs for school buildings, the printing press, and of course, the education manuals for each student.

By the time Linde knocked on his door, it was well past midnight; though they were both worn out from their combined exercise throughout the day, they would still enjoy each other's comfort as they spooned together and fell to sleep in one another's arms. After all, it had been a pretty exciting day for the couple. In the coming days, Linde would begin building a case against Lambert for the man she loved. Time was of the essence and it was best to acquire these things before Berengar became regent, thus he would be able to arrest Lambert the very minute he gained the power of a Baron. However, for now, the two were exhausted from their previous playtime, and simply held onto one another's loving embrace and fell asleep in each other's arms. Whatever threats crossed their path in the future the couple would face it together.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48: Gathering Evidence I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Linde sat quietly at a table, enjoying a cup of tea. Currently, she was within the local tea shop that had recently appeared in the town of Kufstein. Sitting in front of her was Ludolf, who was currently dressed in dark robes whose hood concealed his appearance. At the moment, he was informing the spymaster of the information which he had received about Lambert's newest plot against Berengar. To any onlookers, they were merely a young lady and young man enjoying tea together. However, the gravity of the topic in which they discussed in hushed voices was immense. Ludolf took a sip from his tea before expressing his concerns to the woman who handled Berengar's spy network.

"Lambert has written a letter to the Bishop of Innsbruck, which the Head Priest of Kufstein has sponsored. It contains many accusations labeled against Berengar; the most important charge is that he lies with witches and consorts with demons. When the Bishop reads this letter, he will send for the inquisition to investigate the matters. As far as the inquisition is concerned, you probably are aware that they do not care what the truth is and will try to execute Berengar as a Heretic in order to solidify the Church's power in the region."

Linde was shocked when she heard such news. Lambert was truly getting desperate if he tried to rope the church into his schemes. Though after thinking it through, such actions did not surprise her. After all, the boy had been cornered by Berengar lately. Many of his allies were beginning to think twice about supporting him any further, and even Linde's father, the Count of Tyrol, was beginning to think about cutting his losses. If she had not become pregnant, Count Lothar would have dropped his support for Lambert. After coming to her senses, Linde smiled and thanked the Deacon for the important information he had provided her.

"Thank you for bringing this to my attention; I will inform the sovereign of Lambert's schemes. I trust he will have a sufficient answer to the problem when it rears its ugly head. Is there anything else I should be aware of?"

Ludolf smiled at Linde as there was more good news that the man had for the woman; he took a bite out of the pfeffernusse cookie before continuing with his report.

"There's an ally of Lambert's who is starting to have second thoughts. If we can get to him and convince him to switch sides, he may be able to testify about Lambert's misdeeds."

Linde eyed Ludolf cautiously as she thought about his words before speaking up.

"Who is he? and how did you come by this information?"

Ludolf chuckled as he sipped from his teacup before responding to Linde's inquiry.

"That foolish boy Ser Ingbert has confided with me his transgressions and has sought advice on how to proceed. After the death of Ulrich and Friedhelm, he is beginning to fear the worst. If he finds out that Lambert's own fiancee is on Berengar's side, then he will no longer have the confidence to support Lambert and may even turn on him entirely."

Linde mulled over Ludolf's suggestion as she took a sip from her glass. It was a risky plan; if Ingbert learned where her allegiance truly lied, he could instead report it to Lambert or her father, which would put her in a precarious position. He would need to be silenced and quickly if he were to make such a foolish mistake. Ultimately, she concluded that the potential reward outweighed the risk involved in such a scheme and nodded in approval of Ludolf's plan.

"Is there anything else I should know?"

Ludolf did have one more piece of important information to inform the Listener about. As such, he smiled underneath his dark hood, which was unnoticeable by any bystanders, and spilled the details.

"The von Thiersee family is investigating the Marshal's death; for whatever reason, Lambert is their biggest suspect. As such, I have communicated with the speaker of the cell in Thiersee, and he has been using his forces to lead the von Thiersee family to the conclusion that Ulrich's treason had something to do with Friedhelm's passing. As such, they have dispatched an Emissary to Wildsch?nau under the guise of diplomatic relations. I have no idea what such an investigation may yield, but it is something to be wary of."

Linde finished her tea and snacks before standing up from the table preparing to leave.

"If that is all, then I have work to do; until we meet again, speaker."

Ludolf nodded at Linde as she left the Tea Shop. Afterward, he snuck back to the Church, where he continued his work as a Deacon.

Linde, on the other hand, had many plans to set into motion; with these developments, she may fully be able to obtain the evidence needed to bring charges against Lambert. However, Berengar would never do such a thing so long as his father remained in power. However, the moment the old Baron left for the battlefield leaving Berengar in control of the Barony, he would have what he needed to arrest his brother and bring an end to this feud once and for all.

For now, the young woman embarked towards the manor of the Heltzer family, where Ser Ingbert was currently residing; she would need to convince him to switch sides if things were to progress the way she had envisioned. As such, she quickly got into a Carriage and traveled across the Barony to the land presided over by Ingbert's father, a knight in the servitude of Sieghard by the name of Helmer.

Hopefully, she would be able to return to Kufstein Castle by the end of the day so she could spend the night with her lover and master. She did not wish to spend the night halfway across the region in some lowly manor. Thus she wore a pouting expression as she sat in the Carriage, which traversed the land at a relatively stable pace.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49: Gathering Evidence II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Linde was off traveling towards the Heltzer Manor, Lord Arnulf von Thiersee was currently standing in Wildsch?nau Castle with his retinue; he had just arrived and was currently paying his respects to the new Lord of Wildsch?nau who just so happened to be a small child. It was a pity that both of these two Lords had lost their fathers so close to one another. Granted, they were under vastly different circumstances, but he could understand the pain the von Wildsch?nau family was currently going through.

Though the Lord did not bow to the child known as Theobald von Wildsch?nau, he still acted respectfully. After all, they were two Lords of the same status, and as such, there was no need for overbearing formality.

"Lord Theobald, I offer my condolences in the loss of your father, Ulrich. I have come to pay my respects to your family."

Theobald was nearly 8 years old; despite this, he had been under strict tutelage by his Regent and was aware of the matters occurring across the realm.

"Thank you, Lord Arnulf, that means a lot to me. I also wish to say how sorry I am that your father passed so suddenly. He was truly a staple of the realm. You are free to stay here for the time being, and I will have my servants attend to your every wish. I am happy to see that there are still men of conscience who will not forsake my family for the foolish actions of my late father."

Arnulf smiled at the flattery. Clearly, the regent had prepared such an elaborate statement for such a small child as such, Arnulf decided to entertain the regent's efforts and returned the young boy's compliments.

"You are wise for your age, and I am happy to see that you have good counsel. I will take you up on your offer and enjoy my stay to the best of my abilities. I thank you for the hospitality you have shown me."

After exchanging pleasantries, Arnulf was lead to his quarters, where he spent the remainder of the day acting cordially with the family. During the evening, he dined with them and found that the widow of Ulrich was still grieving heavily for her husband's passing. She had on several occasions made treasonous statements blaming Berengar for the death of Ulrich and cursing his name. She had completely forgotten that she was in the presence of a guest and had let her true feelings about the future Baron come forth.

It was not until it was late at night that he decided to sneak out of his quarters and personally investigate the late Lord Ulrich's personal study. As such, he quietly sneaked through the corridors of the castle. He was extra cautious about patrols that were ongoing throughout the night. On one occasion, he was nearly discovered by a guard who was following his route; if it were not because the man was half asleep, Arnulf would have a difficult time explaining his actions. Eventually, he found his way to the location where he desired entry without getting caught in the act.

After picking the lock, Arnulf snuck inside with a small oil lamp in his hand; it was only after the door was properly closed behind him that he lit the lamp to provide illumination in his search for evidence. After spending several hours searching through every scrap of paper in the office, Arnulf realized that even if Ulrich's treason was somehow connected to his father's death like he was led to believe. All evidence of his treacherous actions would have been seized by Sieghard's forces when they searched for proof of his guilt.

Or so the man thought; however, after stumbling over a fallen chalice, the man clumsily bumped into the bookcase where a bible fell to the ground. However, when the bible flopped to the ground, it revealed that its contents had been hollowed out, and hidden inside the holy book was a small black ledger that was unmarked. After flipping through the ledger, Arnulf could not believe his eyes. The book was a secret journal kept by Ulrich with details of his shadowy dealings with Lambert and the Count of Tyrol. Every conversation Ulrich ever had with the two men about their plans to eliminate Berengar was recorded in great detail within this ledger. The reason this book existed must have been as a form of Leverage; if Ulrich were ever caught and left to hang by his sinister partners, he would use this as a means to buy his life.

Unfortunately, the man had perished on the battlefield, and he was never able to trade such valuable information for his own security. Due to it being hidden in a bible within the bookcase, Sieghard's men who handled the investigation never even thought to open it. The most important part of this information was that Arnulf's father was never mentioned in the book. As a loyal son who considered his father the Marshal the personification of justice, Arnolf concluded that Lambert had assassinated his father because his father had discovered the boy's plot to commit fratricide and usurp the Barony.

He had to get this ledger to the Baron as quickly as possible if this information was true. However, the more he thought about it, he figured Berengar must be aware of his brother's attempt on his life. If he handed the ledger over to Berengar to act as evidence against Lambert, Arnulf and his family would most likely be able to reap more rewards. Due to a misconception created out of ignorance of his father's moral failings, the von Thiersee family would from this day forward become ardent supporters of Berengar and all of his actions.

After tidying up the study to make it appear as if he were never there, Arnulf snuffed his oil lamp and returned to his room, where he carefully read through the entire contents of the ledger he had found. It was truly a damning piece of evidence, one that, when combined with the in which Berengar's network had collected, would allow Berengar to build an ironclad case against Lambert. The Lord had no way of knowing that he would be aiding his father's killer in his plans to ensure dominion over the realm.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50: Gathering Evidence III
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

During the time in which Arnulf von Thiersee stayed at the Castle in Wildsch?nau, Linde had visited the humble manor of the Heltzer family. A family of Landed Knights in service to Baron Sieghard and the von Kufstein family. When Lady Linde von Habsburg knocked on the door to the manor, Ser Ingbert was surprised to see her presence. Never in a million years would he imagine that the angel of his heart would knock upon his own door. Yet here she was, appearing before him like a goddess descending from the heavens.

The young man quickly got ahold of himself and allowed her access to his home. He immediately prepared some wine for the young woman whom he greatly desired and inquired about her reason for visiting.

"I must say I am shocked to see you here. Is there a reason, in particular, you have come to my humble abode?"

Linde looked around to see if anyone else was nearby before asking her question. Her flawless porcelain skin glistened under the sunlight that shone through the windows.

"Is anyone else here?"

Ingbert shook his head as he put down the glass of wine on the table in front of the young enchantress before taking a sip of his own. However, to his dismay, she refused the drink.

"I am sorry, I am afraid that I am not able to drink right now."

She immediately motioned to her stomach; at first, he did not understand what she meant, but after a moment, he quickly realized the secret she was trying to tell him. His face immediately became flushed as he understood what she meant. He cursed at Lambert inwardly in his mind for being lucky enough to impregnate such a heavenly beauty. Eventually, he forced himself to put on a smile and hissed through his teeth.

"Lambert is a lucky man..."

Linde could not help but smile at the man's appearance, his envy was incredibly obvious, but surely the young man before her had to know that she was in a league far above his own. After shoving the glass of wine away from herself, Linde began to twist the boy to do her bidding.

"That's actually why I'm here... I heard that you are thinking of backing out of Lambert's plots. Is this true?"

Though Ingbert did not want to admit his cowardice in front of the woman he lusted after, he had no choice. The way she stared at him sent him into a trance where he could not deny her wishes.

"... It's true... So has Lambert sent you here to ensure my loyalty?"

The thought of how she came to acquire such knowledge did not even cross the dull boy's mind in the slightest. Instead, Linde used the boy's affection for her to win him over to Berengar's cause.

"Actually, it is quite the opposite."

Ingbert stared at her with a blank expression; he could not tell in the slightest what she meant by such a thing. Before he knew it, Linde had put her acting skills to work and had begun to form a tear in her eye as she cast a line for Ingbert to bite into.

"Lambert is an exceptionally cruel man... He has beaten me on many occasions. In my despair, I ran into the arms of his brother Berengar, the very man my fiance conspires to kill. I'm in fear for my life as I have begun to suspect that Lambert knows of my relationship with his brother and will stop at nothing to get revenge. I beg of you, please switch sides, and help Berengar obtain the evidence he needs to lock that monster away!"

By now, the waterworks were in full effect, and they had begun to cascade down Linde's divine heart-shaped face. The sight of which instantly enraged Ingbert. He could not accept that Lambert had abused such a kind and caring woman driving her into the arms of someone like Berengar. Though Ingbert was not particularly fond of Berengar, the fact that Lambert would lay his hands on Linde outraged him, and Linde's acting was more than enough to convince him to switch sides. As such, he tried to placate the crying woman before him.

"I promise, I will do everything in my power to make it so that bastard will never lay his hands on you again. With what I know, I can act as a witness against Lambert's treachery and ensure that he is in no position to harm you or your child!"

Linde continued to sniffle, but after some time, the tears ended as she questioned Ingbert's sincereity.

"Really?"

Ingbert nodded with a foolish grin on his face as he confirmed his allegiance.

"Of Course!"

After hearing that her plan was a rousing success Linde jumped into Ingbert's arms and hugged the young man platonically as she thanked him for his aid.

"Thank you! Thank you so much! I knew I could count on you!"

Ingbert had no way of knowing that he was being manipulated by a pretty face and the man behind her. Instead, he enjoyed the brief moment Linde wrapped her arms around him with a satisfied grin on his face. However, the moment was far too short for his liking, and she quickly escaped from his grasp. After doing such a thing, she internally felt like she needed a bath. After recovering his senses, Ingbert voiced his concerns.

"Do you wish to stay the night? I'm certain I can find some space for you?"

Linde shook her head and put on a solemn expression.

"I'm afraid not; if I'm gone for too long, Lambert will begin to suspect I am up to something. I must return to the Castle quickly, or else I will have to suffer his wrath."

Though Ingbert felt dismayed that her stay was so brief, he was happy just to assist the young lady and would soon meet with Berengar to discuss Lambert's downfall. Just like that, Berengar had gained another key piece of evidence in his future efforts to bring justice upon Lambert and his dastardly schemes.

After leaving the manor, Linde got into her carriage and rode off towards Kufstein Castle; she could not wait to tell her master the good news. Hopefully, he would reward her for the efforts she had to go to. Of course, he also might punish her for hugging another man, even if it was just a friendly gesture. Berengar was quite possessive with his property; either way, she would enjoy the treatment she received from the man she loved.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51: Gathering Evidence IV
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days had passed and Berengar was currently sitting at his desk in his room; surrounding him were three people, Linde his lover and slave, Ingbert, formerly a close ally of his brother, now a turncoat, and Arnulf von Thiersee, who was an important vassal to his father. All three of these people could provide the evidence in which Berengar needed to justify the cruel actions he had planned for his brother. A Tyrant could do as he pleased, but to engage in cruelty and be praised for it by his people would require evidence of wrongdoing and well-placed propaganda. He did not wish to be known as another kinslayer. Instead, he wanted to be known as the man who was willing to go to great lengths to ensure that justice was acted out against wrongdoers, even if one of those wrongdoers was his own flesh and blood.

He was currently listening to Arnulf discuss his terms for providing the ledger to Berengar with an indifferent expression on his face.

"I desire a position on your Council when you take up your position as Regent and certain assurances that Lambert will be dealt with accordingly. I do not wish to see leniency on his behalf because he is your brother."

Berengar tapped his finger on his desk thrice as he listened to the demands presented to him by the Lord. After sighing heavily, he began to present his counter offer.

"I assure you that there is no love lost between my brother and me. When he is charged and found guilty, he will be given an appropriate punishment for his crimes. As for the position of Councilor, I am a man who rewards merit; if you can prove yourself to be the most suitable candidate for the position you desire, I have no problems choosing you to fulfill it. However, if someone better appears in time, know that I have no qualms removing you from that position."

Arnulf stared into Berengar's icy sapphire eyes and felt intimidated by the pressure he was receiving. Sure enough, Berengar was not an easy man to negotiate with. However, he honestly could not think of a valid retort to Berengar's counter. As such, he acquiesced to his second demand and returned with a better offer.

"Fine, but I want compensation."

Berengar maintained his indifferent expression as he glared at Arnulf; there was no hesitation in his voice as he inquired about the details of such a thing.

"In what form?"

Arnulf gulped at the response; he did not explicitly state he wanted money, he merely desired compensation, and Berengar had caught that immediately. Clearly, the young lord was very shrewd in diplomatic affairs.

The man looked over at the suit of armor Berengar had lying in the corner of his room with envy in his eyes. Though it was only half-plate, it was truly magnificent in design, and he deeply desired a set of his own. A good suit of armor was worth a fortune in this time period, and if he were to march to war alongside Sieghard, he wanted superior protection than the set he currently had.

"Your factories produce plate armor such as that in high quantities, is that correct?"

Berengar scoffed at Arnulf's request; he thought too much of Arnulf and assumed the man would want his armies equipped with such magnificent technology; that was a demand which Berengar would never allow to come to fruition.

"My factories are currently busy producing the equipment necessary to arm my forces; I do not have the means of production to create enough to equip yours."

Arnulf shook his head and stopped Berengar before he could continue with his train of thought.

"You misunderstand my intent, My Lord. What I desire is a single set of plate armor for myself. Can this be arranged?"

Berengar was stunned when he heard this request; it was a far more reasonable offer than what he had initially estimated to be Arnulf's thoughts. Of course, a full set of plate armor was an outrageous expense, but that was because of the limited ability of this era to produce steel in high enough quantity to create such a thing. Not to mention the intensive labor required for personal fitting of the armor. However, Berengar had more steel than he knew what to do with at the moment. With the use of advanced manufacturing processes like trip hammers in his factories, the labor would be far less extensive, and as such, far less expensive to manufacture a set of full plate armor.

After careful consideration, Berengar agreed to the terms Arnulf had stated; as such, he rose from his chair and extended his hand to the Lord in front of him.

"Then, if that is all, I believe we have come to an agreement.."

The two men shook hands, signaling the dawn of a new alliance united against their common enemy. After agreeing to the terms, Arnulf handed over the ledger to Berengar for safekeeping, and Berengar promised Arnulf that he would get his set of armor within a reasonable amount of time. The style of armor in which he would craft for the man would be in that of the famous Maximillian set, which German Knights and Men-at-Arms used during the 16th century of Berengar's previous life.

After the two had concluded their negotiations, Berengar turned his focus to Ingbert, who was waiting patiently for his turn to speak. When Berengar motioned for Ingbert to voice his concerns, the man kneeled before him.

"My Lord, I confess to conspiring against you alongside your brother in the past and openly ask for forgiveness. I offer you my written and verbal testimonies of the wicked deeds I have witnessed Lambert engaging in as my sincerest apologies for my actions."

The young knight's actions slightly amused Berengar. He never really cared for Ingbert, but somehow Linde had managed to gain his support in the fight against Lambert. After all, he had punished her severely the night before for hugging him; even if it was an act, he could not allow his slave to touch other men. Though he held no grudge against Ingbert for that scene, as such, he motioned for Ingbert to rise as Berengar gave his decree.

"Rise Ser Ingbert. I shall spare you under the condition that you stay true to your words and aid me in bringing down my brother."

Ingbert rose from his kneeling position with a wide smile on his face; he was not doing this for Berengar but for Linde, who desperately needed his help. Or so he thought, the reality is that aside from the one encounter with Lambert in the hallway, he had never laid a hand on her before, nor would he ever again as the boy was so clearly traumatized by Berengar's threat.

With these new pieces of evidence and the letter from Lambert's previous attempt on his life, Berengar now had everything he needed to charge his brother with attempted fratricide and treason. With this evidence in his hands, he could justifiably execute his brother the moment he gained control over the seat of power in Kufstein. Now all he needed to do was wait for his father to march off to war leaving him in control of the Barony.

Of course, first, he would have to deal with the threat of the inquisition breathing down his neck, but to him, the church and their attempts to intimidate him into compliance were merely child's play. If the church wanted to provoke a Tyrant then he was happy to play the part. Berengar would soon show his enemies what happens when they conspire against the Tyrant of Steel!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52: No Father Should Have to Execute his Own Child
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar stood in a room alone with his mother, Gisela. The Baronness had quite enough of Berengar's fling with Linde and was currently confronting her eldest son about his misdeeds. She stared up at her son with a look of scorn on her regal face. He was quite a bit taller than her however, this did not prevent her from leering into his gemstone-like sapphire eyes. There was a degree of arrogance in her baby boy's gaze which caught the mature beauty off guard as she lectured him.

"Until now, I have put up with your little escapades with that vile woman because I thought you would grow sick of her company, and I could use it as an excuse to be rid of the vixen once and for all. Now I can see she has dug her claws into both of you two brothers."

Berengar could not help but chuckle at his mother's wording; she made it appear as if he was being manipulated by Linde when she was actually quite the obedient slave. This laughter did not ease his mother's fury as she continued to glare at her own errant son.

"What is so funny?"

Berengar knew that his mother was furious with his behavior, but he would never allow her to get rid of his favorite toy. As such, a wicked grin spread across his lips as he sneered at his mother's ferocious display.

"Linde does not have her claws dug into me, as you proclaim. In fact, the situation is quite the opposite. She obeys my every will and whim like an obedient little girl. It was true that she was the one to approach me, but I am the one who dominates in this relationship. I have no plans to get rid of her anytime soon, as she has proven to be quite the excellent concubine. Plus, as I am sure you have suspected, the child within her is my own."

He had no problems revealing this information to his mother, the woman had long since suspected this to be the truth, and he knew the woman would never betray him. Blood is thicker than water, and despite her opinion of Linde, she would not disgrace her family's reputation by making such information public.

However, Gisela's reaction was out of his expectation; she slapped Berengar across his cheek and chastised him for his behavior.

"Do you have any idea how scandalous your actions are! You have cuckolded your own brother and impregnated his fiancee! He would never forgive you if he were aware of this fact."

Berengar held his cheek, which had reddened upon impact; he felt humiliated by the strike but could contain his rising anger. After all, he would never harm his own mother. After calming himself down, he exhaled deeply before revealing the truth of Lambert's schemes to his doting mother.

"It is a punishment well deserved for the crimes of my seemingly pious little brother..."

Gisela looked at Berengar strangely; by the tone of his voice Lambert had done something unforgivable to him, but she would never imagine that the two brothers were so estranged that they were plotting against one another's lives.

"What did he do to you that would require such an extreme act of vengeance?"

Berengar took a few moments to organize his thoughts as he paced about the room, trying to figure out the best way to inform his mother of his own brother's outright treasonous actions. After a while, he stopped in the middle of the room and stared at his mother with a somber gaze.

"He tried to kill me... On three separate occasions that I know of, two of which he came incredibly close to succeeding."

Gisela was shocked by the news and faltered as she fell to her knees while holding her painful heart. Berengar saw her do so and quickly rushed over to support the woman. There were several minutes of silence between the two as the loving mother thought things through in her head. With this news, many things that were confusing in the past began to make sense. Ultimately she would not just believe Berengar's words and finally broke the silence when she had managed to recover her resolve.

"Can you prove this?"

Berengar nodded his head with a serious expression on his face; his mother knew that the boy was not lying by the look in his eyes. However, she would not believe it until she saw the proof herself. As such, she demanded to see it at once.

"Show me the evidence!"

Thus Berengar opened the door and led his mother to his room, where he took out the ledger, the letter, and a written and signed testimony from Ser Ingbert. Berengar had gone through great lengths to hide and secure these items. As such, it took him a while before he could get them into his mother's hands. These three items contained key authentication about all three attempts Lambert had made on Berengar's life.

When his mother read through all of the evidence Berengar had compiled against his brother, she sat down upon his bed in silence for many minutes. What Berengar had said was true, and the evidence he held in his hands was enough to convict Lambert on the charges of attempted fratricide and treason. It took some time for the woman to come back to her senses before she asked Berengar the most important question on her mind.

"Why have you not brought this to your father's attention?"

Berengar's expression softened as he looked upon his mother with a great degree of pity and empathy. He could not imagine the pain and suffering she was going through, knowing that her second son had attempted to kill his elder brother not just once or twice, but three times that could be proven. As such, Berengar got down on one knee and held his mother's trembling hand with his own while gazing into her soft, tear-filled eyes, and voiced his innermost thoughts about the dire question his loving mother had asked.

"No father should have to execute his own child..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53: Bring the Boy to me
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gisela immediately felt her heart shatter as she heard Berengar's dire words. She immediately knew what the young man intended to do and was beside herself with the information. Berengar intended to endure Lambert's attempts on his life until he came to power so that he may spare his father the guilt of sentencing his own son to death for the crimes he had committed. She knew Lambert was guilty of heinous crimes, but she could not bear to see him executed as a common criminal. As such, she pleaded with Berengar to spare his brother's life.

"Berengar... please... He's your brother!"

Berengar shook his head as he rejected his wounded mother's pleas of mercy.

"If I allow him to live, he will only make more attempts on my life. He has powerful allies, and they will continue in their efforts to put him on the seat of power in Kufstein. As long as he lives, I am not safe in this world."

Luckily for Lambert, his mother was quite insistent and had quickly grabbed ahold of her senses and came up with an alternative option that would allow Lambert to continue living while giving up his claims to the land and thus preventing his allies from conspiring against Berengar. She stared at Berengar with a level of determination that Berengar had never seen from the woman before.

"We will show this information your father, and he will force Lambert to take up the vows of the Teutonic Order. He will spend the rest of his life in a righteous crusade redeeming himself!"

Berengar wanted to reject this notion, as he knew this could potentially allow Lambert to return to Kufstein with an army of hardened warriors at his back. However, when he saw the desperate look in his mother's eyes, he could not help but give in. Afterall he still had a great degree of guilt he held from dying in his previous life without gifting his parents with any grandchildren, he could not imagine the grief they had suffered from their only child's death. He did not want his parents in this life to suffer the same way. Eventually, he sighed heavily and hugged his mother tightly.

"Fine, we will do it your way..."

The light of hope returned to Gisela's eyes as she accepted her son's loving squeeze. After a few moments, Berengar let go of his doting mother and picked up the evidence. He would not wait any longer, now that he had changed his plans, the quicker Lambert was expelled from the family, the safer he was. As such, he gathered his witnesses, including Linde. Though It took a few hours for Arnulf and Ingbert to arrive at the Castle in Kufstein; as such, Berengar spent the time with his mother, trying to ease her anxiety.

After the men had arrived, he marched into his father's study with his witnesses and evidence in hand and slammed them down upon the Baron's table, who was busy going over various reports. The old Baron looked up at his son with a confused expression and asked.

"What is this?"

Berengar did not beat around the bush; he quickly and efficiently explained his case against Lambert while his father looked over the materials.

"Over the past few months, I have been compiling evidence against Lambert and his treasonous activities. On three separate occasions, he had made attempts on my life, two of which nearly succeeded. He has been aided by the Count of Tyrol and other nobles within this domain. Ingbert was once one of his allies and can bear witness to such deeds. Linde, the eldest daughter of Count Lothar, can also bear witness to her father's schemes with Lambert to eliminate me, establish Lambert as the future Baron, and concede our family's vast resources to the Count of Tyrol! As for the death of the late Marshal, Arnulf here has suspicions that his father found out about Lambert's misdeeds and was permanently silenced by him and his allies!"

Sieghard was in shock when he saw such information, but the evidence did not lie; eventually after processing this information for several minutes Sieghard came to the conclusion that Lambert was guilty, even his own fiancee had turned against him and her father. The only problem is that he could not understand why. As such, he had to clarify with the young woman why she would betray her own family for Berengar's sake. The old Baron glared at Linde furiously as he suspected her of scheming against him and his family; there was a large possibility that this was all the plan of Lothar, or so he thought until he asked her for the reasons behind her actions and heard her reply.

"What do you stand to gain from betraying your father and fiancee?"

The young woman instantly blushed as Berengar's father cornered her; she gazed at Berengar for confirmation that she was allowed to speak before exhaling deeply and revealing the contents of her heart.

"I gain the security of my lover and the father of my child. Your son and heir Berengar..."

Sieghard seemed to be the only one shocked by this news, as everyone else within the room was already aware of her relationship with Berengar and the true nature of her child's parentage. This instantly made the old Baron furious as he began to yell at Linde with all his fury.

"You slept with both of my sons!?!"

Linde quickly defended herself as she shook her head and explained her situation.

"No! I have only ever been with Berengar; the night of his engagement ceremony, he instructed me to frame Lambert as the father to avoid suspicions; I was already pregnant at that point! I merely doused some goat blood on Lambert's bedding and laid down next to him. When he awoke from his drunken stupor I told him that we had slept together, but nothing occurred between the two of us. I swear on my life!"

Sieghard felt himself getting a headache as he heard all of this information; his two sons were scheming against one another behind his back all of this time. One had attempted to murder his older brother and usurp the inheritance, and the other had cuckolded his younger brother and impregnated his fiancee. At least, as far as Sieghard was concerned, Berengar's actions were far more forgivable considering what the boy had suffered at the hands of Lambert. Eventually, he looked at his loving wife for an explanation on how to deal with this awkward situation that had been forced upon him.

"What do I do with all of this information?"

Gisela spoke to her husband with a grave tone as she commanded him on how to deal with their errant children.

"Order Lambert to relinquish his claims to this land and to take up the vows of the Teutonic Order where he may redeem himself in the eyes of men and God through righteous crusade! As for Berengar's actions... conceal it!"

After much deliberation, Sieghard sighed deeply as he gave his decree

"Bring the boy to me..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54: You are no Son of Mine!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lambert was in his room while reading a letter from the Bishop of Innsbruck about his request for the inquisition's interference, which the Vatican accepted. Within two weeks, the Inquisition would arrive and help him deal a devastating blow to his accursed elder brother. A wicked smile appeared across the boy's face as he read the letter. He had finally obtained the victory he desired, or so he thought. Just as he was about to light the evidence in his hands aflame with a candle, the door to his bedroom burst open, and the castle's guards pointed their muskets in the direction of in which he sat with their bayonet's affixed.

Immediately Lambert reacted by trying to finish the job of destroying the evidence, he had no idea why they had barged into his room, but clearly, he was in deep trouble and could not afford for such damning information to existing. When the guards saw his action of potentially destroying evidence, they quickly apprehended the boy before he could succeed. Thus obtaining the letter as further evidence of his crimes and the depth of the conspiracy against the von Kufstein family.

Lambert struggled out of the grasp of the burly soldiers, but it was no use; there were too many of them pinning him down and placing chains around his limbs. As such, he cursed them as his face grew red with fury.

"What are you bastards doing? Have you forgotten the family in which you serve? I will have your heads for this!"

Instead, he was roughly dragged up to his feet and was placed before the captain of the guard, who backhanded Lambert violently for his vile tongue.

"The Baron has ordered us to carry out your arrest under the suspicion of assassination, attempted fratricide, and treason against the realm!"

Lambert's heart sank into an endless abyss as he heard those words. He realized at that moment Berengar had been one step ahead of him; for his father to order the boy's arrest, Berengar must have presented substantial evidence, though he had no idea how that scoundrel had managed to acquire it.

Lambert merely lashed out verbally at the guards when he was viciously escorted to the Great Hall, where Sieghard, Berengar, and the others were waiting for his arrival.

"You fucking bastards! When I come to power, I will have you and your families brutally tortured to death for such treasonous activity!"

The boy could not accept such an outcome had occurred to him while he was merely two weeks away from the arrival of the Inquisition and their investigation into Berengar's heresy. He was so close to winning this war, but instead, he was brought down on the edge of victory. Lambert nearly had a heart attack when he witnessed not only Ser Ingbert but Arnulf and his fiancee Linde standing by Berengar's side acting as his witnesses. He could not believe that so many of his allies had turned against him, especially that bitch Linde. She truly was having carnal relations with his brother behind his back! However, he put on a facade and acted as if he was ignorant of the charges he was facing.

After the guards forced him to kneel in front of his father, the Baron, who stared at him with a look of disgust, the boy desperately attempted to explain his way out of the precarious situation he found himself in.

"Father, what is the meaning of this?"

Sieghard glared at his second son; the boy was still putting on an act even after all of the evidence that had been accumulated. The captain of the guard approached Sieghard and handed him the letter they had confiscated from Lambert.

"My Lord, your son Lambert was in the middle of attempting to destroy evidence of his crimes. If you read the letter, it very clearly states yet another attempt on Berengar's life by falsifying crimes of Heresy and Blasphemy and requesting the inquisition's interference."

Lambert was immediately frightened when he realized that the guards had caught him red-handed and began to swell up in tears as his father screamed at him with a degree of rage the boy had never witnessed before.

"You would bring the might of the inquisition down upon my house? My son? Your brother!?! For what? Because you desire my position, which is your brother's by birthright!?! Do you have any remorse for your deeds whatsoever!?!"

By now Lambert was putting on a convincing display of crocodile tears which he choked back as he tried to plead with his father about his innocence.

"I am being framed! It is Berengar who is the wicked one! He stole my fiancee and now plots to have me removed so he can keep her to himself."

Sieghard nearly snorted at the boy's response. Could the boy seriously not come up with a better excuse than that? On the other hand, Adela was present to witness the scene and was shocked by the whole development. She had no idea the two brothers' schemes were this ruthless, and the accusation of Berengar stealing Linde was particularly worrisome for her. Linde who noticed the young girl's presence denied this accusation.

Though she desperately wanted to shove her affair with Berengar in Lambert's face, the family had already decided to conceal the truth, and thus she could not reveal it in public. Either way, Lambert would be removed from this day forth, and she would no longer have to marry the little blaggard. Instead, she denied the accusations with a convincing display as she too conjured tears to make it appear as if she was heartbroken by her fiance's words.

"You bastard! I gave you my chastity, and you accuse me of having an affair with your brother! What kind of woman do you think I am!"

When Adela heard those words, she sighed in relief; surely Berengar would not do such a horrible thing. Lambert, on the other hand, was on th edge of having an aneurysm from the degree of fury in which had built up inside of him. He struggled desperately in his chains to break free of the guard's grasp and attack the woman. However, the moment he lunged at her he was brought down by the guardsman and pinned to the ground in front of the woman he once thought he loved. Staring at her with a murderous gaze he spat out a curse upon her.

"You fucking whore! You not only have an affair with my brother, but you also turn me into my family, and you still have the gall to deny it? I hope there is a special place in hell for you and your bastard child!"

Suddenly a loud noise echoed throughout the hall; it was the sound of Sieghard furiously pounding his fist on the armrest of his seat of power before declaring his verdict.

"Enough! Lambert, after seeing the evidence for myself, I Baron Sieghard von Kufstein find you guilty of all charges and convict you of assassination, attempted fratricide, and treason. I hereby disown you from my family and order you to take the vows of the Teutonic Order. Perhaps you can redeem yourself in the eyes of God by spending the rest of your life in a righteous crusade! Guards, have this wicked child taken away to the Teutonic State!"

With that decree, the guards grabbed ahold of Lambert and dragged him away, kicking and screaming. The last words spoken by the boy before he was forced out of the great hall were a plea for mercy.

"Father! Please don't do this!"

Unfortunately for the boy Sieghard was too disgusted with his actions and replied mercilessly to this request.

"You are no son of mine!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55: A Solemn Vow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After The Castle guards had dragged away lambert, he was placed in a prison wagon and shortly thereafter hauled off to the Teutonic Order, where he would spend the rest of his days redeeming himself in the eyes of the Lord and men. The boy had committed heinous deeds and was not only forced to join the Teutonic Order but was thoroughly disowned. This result was mercy considering the plans Berengar had for the treacherous scoundrel. Yet to Lambert, it was a cruel punishment he felt he was undeserving of. As he sat in the back of the wagon looking through the iron bars which caged him. He made a solemn vow to himself and the Lord.

"I swear to God that one day I will rise through the ranks of the Teutonic Order and one day return to this land with an army at my back! I will not rest until those who have betrayed me have paid the price with their blood!"

Those were the last words Lambert spoke within the confines of his family's lands, shortly after the Carriage faded into the distance and continued on its journey to the Teutonic State in the East.

As for the family, they dealt with the aftermath in different ways. Henrietta grieved for the loss of her brother and refused to leave her room for weeks on end. She spent her time crying under her covers and managed to survive by having her servants look after her. She could not accept that Lambert had committed such crimes and blamed Linde for her brother's fate.

Gisela spent this time mostly in the church praying for the Lord's forgiveness of her son's misdeeds. To deal with her grief, she had turned to religion, as so many do in times of desperation. The loving mother had always doted on her two sons and could not understand why things had turned out the way they had.

In his suffering, Sieghard had turned to the bottle as a way to comfort himself for the mistakes he made as a father; with the rise of distilled spirits coming from Berengar's distillery, it was far easier to spend the day drinking your sorrows away. He truly blamed himself for the way things had turned out. As such, he left the governance of the Barony almost entirely in Berengar's hands; after all, the boy was a far more capable leader than he could ever be. Though he had not abdicated his position, at this point, the aging man was Baron in name only.

On the other hand, Linde wrote about the news to her father, informing him that Berengar had won the war of intrigue and there was no longer a point to conspire against him. She came clean to her father about her illicit relationship with the man he had plotted against and demanded that she stay in Kufstein to act as his mistress. After all, what kind of man would want to marry her now that she was pregnant with someone else's child? The Count was furious, but there was nothing he could do at this point; ultimately, Linde convinced her father to agree to these terms by playing to his greed. If she maintained her affair with Berengar, then the profitable relationship between the two houses could continue as it always had, and potentially increase.

Though Berengar would never forgive his enemies for plotting against him, now was not the time for vengeance. As such, he consolidated his forces and the newfound security he found himself in. He spent the following days improving his militia, implementing agricultural technology, and always expanding his businesses, which had begun to become extremely profitable. With Count Lothar and his allies no longer conspiring against Berengar, he was able to open up the trade of excess materials and products to the men who were once his enemies. Regardless of whether or not their troops were equipped with fine steel armor and weapons, it did not matter to Berengar as such equipment was useless against the power of the musket.

Besides, they lacked the means of production and the knowledge to mass-produce plate armor; as such, at most, his enemy's forces would be mass equipped with brigandine and mail. While effective against swords, arrows, bolts, and lances, it would be useless against a musket ball at a proper distance. Berengar's greatest advantage was the technological advancement of his forces which increased by the day. He estimated that within a year, he would have the ability to rebore all of his troop's muskets so that they were rifled and thus far more effective. By then, he would have the capacity to engage the enemy at roughly 300 yards, potentially more considering the barrels on his muskets were 6 inches longer than the Springfield 1861 Rifled Musket in which he had derived the estimated effective range from.

Adela had become suspicious of Berengar's potential relationship with Linde, but she had not investigated it. Instead, she spent her remaining days peacefully with Berengar, trusting that he was not a womanizer like she thought he might be. Soon she would have to return to her family's lands. After all, she did not have an excuse to stay here for so long after the engagement ceremony, and her father was pressuring for her to return. Unlike Linde, who had her father wrapped around her finger, Adela held no authority in that regard, and once she returned, it would be quite some time before she could see the man she loved again.

Currently, Berengar sat next to Adela in his father's study, which he had claimed to be his own during these past few days, and where he spent most of his waking hours. The girl was accompanying him once more while chatting about the future while snacking on cookies and milk.

"It's hard to believe it will be 4 years before we are married... Will you visit me for my birthday?"

Berengar, who was neck-deep in paperwork, overlooked her question and merely nodded as he grunted the phrase, "Uhuh," which instantly got on the little Girl's nerves. She was acting so adorable and discussing their future as a couple, and all he could think of was paperwork? Thus she decided to test him to see if he was really listening.

"Now that Lambert is gone, Linde has no father for her child. Would you be willing to take that role?"

Berengar continued writing and merely replied as if he were on autopilot, completely unaware of what he had just been asked.

"Sure, why not?"

At this point, Adela began to pout. Clearly, Berengar was not paying attention to what she was saying; either that or he was serious about her question, which only provoked her further. As such, the adolescent girl flicked his ear, which managed to gain the young man's attention.

"Adela, what the hell?"

When Berengar noticed the look on his face, he realized he had been caught and felt it was better to apologize for ignoring her than to continue to act like he was listening.

"I am sorry, truly I am, but I am currently swamped with paperwork. What was it you were saying?"

Adela merely snorted and walked out of the office while throwing a temper tantrum.

"Forget it! Clearly, you're too busy to listen to what I have to say!"

Berengar felt embarrassed as she strutted out of his room but had too much work to do. As such, he got back to his paperwork. Hopefully, he could finish it by dinner time. At this point, his greatest concern was the arrival of the Inquisition, who would be within Kufstein in a matter of days. If he could not settle things peacefully with the Chruch's emissaries, there was only one solution.... War!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56: An Entertaining Lecture
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was currently in a makeshift classroom temporarily located in the local tavern of the town square. He was currently writing the alphabet down on a blackboard he had created with a piece of chalk. As he went over the sound every letter made and how to read and write them, he gazed upon his class of laborers who had gathered to begin the process of basic education.

With the 40 hour workweek in session, there was a healthy amount of spare time for many of the laborers of his factories; because of this, Berengar had offered free drinks and meals to whoever was willing to come and learn from him and his staff for a couple of hours each day after work. It had caught on pretty quickly as people could drink light beer, enjoy a nice meal, and educate themselves with brief breaks for socializing in between. Workers, supervisors, and foremen all gathered in the town square as if it were a festive occasion.

Berengar had always found that an entertaining approach to education was far easier to learn from than a boring monotone instructor who sucked all the life out of the information. As such, he made games of learning and gave small prizes like an extra drink or dish to whoever could win his contests. It seemed to be working as the common people were quickly catching on to elementary-level language, mathematics, and science. This was a temporary solution; of course, he intended to build genuine halls of education, and one day even universities. For now, while those things were being constructed and organized, Berengar, Linde, and Adela were teaching the common population rudimentary knowledge in their spare time. No matter how busy they were, Adela would teach the children from 10 am - 12 pm, Linde would teach the women from 12 pm - 3 pm, and Berengar would teach the Men from 5 pm - 7 pm.

Berengar was still on the quest to find educated people who had the ability to teach others, but that was a difficult task considering the educated population was primarily from either the nobility, or the priesthood, neither of which were exactly fond of the idea of teaching commoners how to read, write, and do basic arithmetic. Let alone learn the concept of Science in which Berengar had begun teaching, which was basically outright heresy in the eyes of the Church.

Berengar was currently teaching a basic sentence on the blackboard and see which of the men in his class could read it. He scribbled down the German characters for the phrase "A fair day's wage for a fair day's work" This was one of the many concepts he was trying to instill in the working man and nobility alike. He truly believed people should be paid the worth of their labor. After writing down the sentence, he looked upon the crowd and gave them another contest.

"Whoever can raise their hand first and read the sentence correctly will get another pint!"

The men all quickly got to work looking over their alphabet sheets and deciphering the sentence. Eventually, a thin young man covered in soot from the furnaces raised his hand before anyone else, and once called upon, answered the question correctly.

Berengar called out to one of the women working in the tavern

"Bar wench, get this man a pint of beer!"

soon enough, an attractive young girl came over and poured the man a pint of beer in which he was happy to accept and quickly drank from the mug. Afterward, Berengar asked a question to the class to see if they understood what the phrase meant.

"Now, this sentence is fairly important to every one of you. I believe that a man should be paid an appropriate amount to the worth his labor."

Beregar began to stride around the tavern, picked up a liter of beer, and began to drink from it as he continued his lecture of economic philosophy during a rudimentary language lesson.

"As men under my employment, you are afforded payment for your labor. I also believe that the harder a man works, and the better results he gets, the more he should be paid."

After saying so, he pointed at a man in the crowd and asked him a question in front of everyone.

"You, sir, what is your name, and many hours a week do you work if you don't mind me asking?"

The man looked around before noticing he was called upon and answered respectfully to Berengar.

"I am known as Reingard, and I work fifty hours a week milord!"

Berengar then quickly pointed to another man and asked him the same question.

"And you? What is your name, and how many hours do you work a week?"

The man cleared his throat before speaking in an embarrassed tone

" I am Bruno, and I work Forty, milord..."

Berengar noticed the anxious expression on the man's face and smiled gently as he comforted the man for his choices.

"There is nothing wrong with working forty hours a week. In fact, it gives you plenty of time to spend with your family or following your passions. Both are important factors to the quality of a man's work, and society as a whole."

After saying this, the man began to smile confidently, even after Berengar said the next piece of his impassioned speech.

"However, because Reingard works ten hours a week more than you do, he is paid more than you and is more likely to be considered for a raise or a promotion in the future. We all make choices in life; we all have our own priorities. It is up to you to choose the course that would make you most happy."

Each man in the room carefully contemplated Berengar's words of wisdom as if they were a creed to live by. Ultimately Berngar concluded his lecture with a bit of humor.

"If you do manage to find the perfect balance in life, please let me know how you managed it, as I am dreadfully lacking in balancing my affairs at the moment..."

With this being said, the slightly inebriated crowd of workers began to laugh at Berengar's self-deprecating sense of humor. They could not imagine a man such as Berengar lacking a balanced life; the young man perfectly scheduled every moment of his time and was teaching them because of this. After the workingmen made a few good-natured jabs, Berengar began to chuckle and ended his class for the day.

"Alright guys, get out of here and go back to your families, we all need to be up for work tomorrow morning, and missing sleep is detrimental to your health."

After saying this, every man in the class came up to thank Berengar for the free lecture, booze, and feed. After a while, they all managed to return home, and Berengar had done the same. He still had much work to do on this night before he could get to sleep. His humorous statement was not a joke; now that he held near-absolute authority in the Barony, he was swamped with work and could barely manage the time to check in on his family, who was currently grieving over Lambert's crime and sentence. Though the boy had lived, he would never return as a member of their family. Berengar did not have time to worry about such things. Tomorrow the Inquisition would arrive, and he would have to entertain the emissaries of the church. Hopefully, he could resolve this issue peacefully now that Lambert had been dealt with.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57: You will tell him that, yes?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar sat upon his father's seat of power as he tapped his armies thrice with his left hand and drank from a chalice of wine in his right. Standing before him was a group of priests garbed in scarlet robes with a golden cross hanging around their neck. These were the men of the inquisition, a group of zealous and sadistic priests who rooted out, tortured, and executed heretics. The number of innocent people they had put to death was immeasurable as they truly did not care about whether or not someone was guilty of the so-called crime of heresy, merely the thrill that came with torturing another human being.

The men refused to bow to Berengar was currently acting as the Regent of Kufstein and was essentially Baron in all aspects but name. Instead, they stood before Berengar, who took a sip from his golden chalice as he listened to the inquisition as they introduced themselves. Their leader was a short fat man with an obviously balding set of gray hair and a matching mustache. If the sex crimes of the Catholic Church from Berengar's previous life were to exist in this timeline, then just by first glance, one could assume this man was engaged in such activity. Luckily for Berengar neither Henrietta nor Adela were present, or else he would not be able to contain his wrath at the stubby fat priest's lecherous gaze. Thinking of such a possibility, Berengar instinctively sneered in disgust at the man as he introduced himself to Berengar in a way that lacked the proper respect afforded to a man of his position. The man spoke with a heavy Spanish accent, immediately telling he was not a German speaker by birth.

"I am Father Alphonse, and these two are my associates Fathers Antonio and Gilles. We have come at the behest of the local priest and one Lambert von Kufstein to investigate claims of Heresy. I was told that the Baron of Kufstein was a middle-aged man. Who might you be?"

Berengar could not help but curse to himself inwardly

'Fucking Christ, a Spaniard, a Southern-Italian, and Frenchman, of course, there would not be a German in their little tribunal. It seems I won't be able to play the fellow countryman card.'

After having such thoughts, Berengar took a sip from his glass as he proclaimed his authority in front of the unwanted priests who had barged into his home.

"I am Berengar von Kufstein, son of Sieghard von Kufstein, and acting regent of the Barony of Kufstein while my father has secluded himself in penance. All authority to deal with this matter has been invested in me by my father Baron Sieghard von Kufstein in accordance to the laws of Men."

Berengar made sure to emphasize that last part, as he was making it abundantly clear to the Inquisition that they had no authority here in his domain. Father Alphonse immediately frowned when he heard this news; this was the worst possible outcome. If what Berengar said was true, investigating the claims, and finding the young lord guilty may prove to be difficult. Nevertheless, Father Alphonse proceeded with his task.

"Tell me where is Lambert von Kufstein? I wish to discuss with him the concerns which he brought to our attention."

Berengar glared at the inquisition leader with a smug expression as he boldly declared Lambert's fate.

"Lambert has been convicted of assassination, attempted fratricide, and treason against the Barony of Kufstein. He has been disowned, stripped of his name and titles, and sent to the Teutonic Order where he will spend the rest of his days redeeming himself in the eyes of the Lord."

The fat and balding priest was stunned by this news. It had only been a matter of weeks since they had become aware of the situation, yet the man in which the Bishop of Innsbruck insisted on backing to maintain the Church's power in Kufstein was already removed from the equation? How did this happen?

Father Alphonse now understood why Berengar was calmly sitting on his thrown sneering at him with disgust and disdain; with his key witness convicted and disgraced as a traitor and murderer, his chances of ousting this young man from power was slim. Unless he could find something in a legitimate investigation to prove he was a heretic. Now that was the Church's only hope. Either that or they could just frame Berengar for the crimes he was accused of. As such, the man put on a smile and began to command Berengar as if he were a mere servant.

"Before his departure, Lambert had made several bold accusations of Heresy within the region; as such, I will require your full cooperation in my investigation."

The fat priest began to smile wickedly as he waited for Berengar's answer; all they needed to do was plant some evidence in their investigation and get the local church and its parish to side with them. The inquisition would have enough justification to convict Berengar of Heresy and remove him from power. Whoever took over this minor Barony after his death was not of the Church's concern so long as they abided by the whims of the Vatican. However, the response Berengar gave Father Alphonse was completely out of his expectation. Berengar took a sip from his Chalice and placed it down on his armrest before shifting in his seat of power so that he was peering down at the priests below him with a gaze of intimidation.

"Under whose authority do you dare to investigate such accusations in my realm?"

All three of the priests were shocked as they stared at Berengar with contempt. Father Alphonse could no longer hold back his tongue; he had never witnessed such an impudent young Lord before; as such, he began to flex his backing to Berengar, attempting to intimidate him into allowing his improper investigation.

"Under the authority of the Holy Father himself!"

As such, the Priest pulled out a large scroll signed by the Pope; in it were the orders to investigate and purge Kufstein of any heretical thoughts and their believers. However, Berengar was unphased by these remarks and merely continued to gaze down upon the men with domineering and overbearing pressure.

"The last time I checked, these lands were ruled over with absolute authority by the Baron of Kufstein, my father who in his absence has appointed me Regent in his stead, to act with all the Authority of the Baron himself. As far as I'm concerned, neither the Pope nor the Vatican has any judicial authority in my family's lands, and you would best return from whence you came before I deem your stay no longer welcome."

The words he spoke were chilling to the bone, and the other two members of the inquisition began to tremble in Berengar's presence. Only now the priests of the inquisition noticed the ranks of men equipped in half-plate armor and armed with what appeared to be a weird mixture of a hand cannon and spear staring at them with indifferent gazes. Berengar had called the most loyal and elite of his men here, the grenadiers, especially for this meeting. Men who had already fought and killed for Berengar at the Battle of Mining Town. Men who would willingly lay down their lives for their Lord and Commander who had brought them and their families up from servitude and into the well-paying jobs of industry.

Outraged by the outright blasphemy in which Berengar spoke, or at least as far as he was concerned, Father Alphonso no longer acted politely to Berengar and blatantly threatened him.

"Blasphemy! I am warning you, if you do not submit to our Investigation, then we will deem you guilty by default, and we will return with a holy order to raise this land of heathens to the ground!"

This threat against not only Berengar but the land and people under his dominion was the last straw. He was no longer willing to politely negotiate instead he stood up from his chair and stared down at the priests below as he gave his command to Eckhard, who was currently leading the unit of grenadiers which acted as Berengar's personal guard at this moment.

"Vice Commander Eckhard, arrest these men for conspiracy to usurp the Barony of Kufstein."

There was no hesitation in Eckhard's voice as he motioned for his men to follow the Regent's orders.

"Yes, My Lord, I will do as you command."

Quickly, the grenadiers surrounded the Priests and lowered their Bayonets to aim at the Inquisitors' chests.

Father Gilles began to protest immediately as the bayonets were mere inches away from piercing his heart.

"I am an emissary of the Holy Father; you cannot do this!"

Berengar began to step down the stone steps in front of his throne and approach the three men in front of him.

"Father Alphonse, Father Gilles, by the power invested in me as Regent of Kufstein, afforded to me by my father, Baron Sieghard von Kufstein. I hereby convict you of espionage, sabotage, and usurpation. Henceforth you shall be sentenced to death by firing squad. Men! Take these would-be usurpers out into the courtyard, line them against a wall and shoot them!

Immediately his troops responded in unison without a hint of disobedience in their collective voices

"Yes, My Lord!"

Afterward, the priests of the inquisition were dragged out of the great hall and brought into the courtyard, where the men lined up into a proper firing squad. Berengar dragged Father Antonio over to the window to watch from above as his comrades were executed. The terrified priest begged Berengar to rethink his actions and spare the Inquisitors' lives.

"Lord Berengar, if you do this, you will be excommunicated and branded a Heretic. The church will consider you an enemy for eternity!"

Berengar merely looked over at Father Antonio with a look of indifference and raised his hand, signaling the troops to fire their shots. The thunder of gunfire and the smell of smoke filled the air as the priests' bodies were shredded apart by a dozen musket balls, their blood splattering the stone walls of the Castle Courtyard like a painting of death.

Antonio looked in horror as his brothers were gunned down by the mighty hand cannons; he was only awoken from his shock when the Iron grip of Berengar grabbed ahold of his shoulder, the young and princely man stared into the eyes of the priest with the ice-cold gaze of a born-killer and responded to his earlier words.

"When you return to the Vatican inform the Holy Father, that he may have the power to Excommunicate me and to brand me a Heretic, but ultimately when I finally perish from this world it is under the Judgement of God, not the Pope that will determine whether or not I enter the Kingdom of Heaven... You will tell him that, yes?"

Antonio began to tremble in fear as if he had been touched by the cold hands of death and stared into the eyes of the grim reaper himself. After struggling to find his voice, he eventually said nothing and merely nodded at Berengar's "request."

From this day forth, Berengar had made a powerful enemy, one who would never forgive him for his actions here on this day. The divide would only grow further as Berengar refused to bend the knee to a corrupt, and bloated church, and the Supreme Pontiff who presided over it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58: A Stern Warning
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the death of the inquisition, a gloomy atmosphere had fallen over the Castle of Kufstein. His family was not immediately aware of the fact that Berengar had just slapped the Church in its face and denied its authority in his family's lands. Adela was the first to find out about such a thing; having heard the gunshots from outside, she rushed to the Great Hall, where she checked to see if Berengar was uninjured. When she arrived she witnessed the scene of Berengar grasping onto Father Antonio's shoulder and staring at the priest with a cold and murderous gaze. Adela was unaccustomed with the ruthless expression on Berengar's face, for she had never before witnessed his wrath. This was not the gentle smile and loving eyes he showed to his loved ones. Rather it was the callous gaze of a vengeful tyrant who took pleasure in punishing his enemies. She had never seen such a side of Berengar before and as a deeply devout Catholic, Adela was concerned that Berengar had done something unforgivable.

However, she never would have guessed that Berengar had executed two priests in his courtyard. When she looked out the window to see what had transpired, she was horrified by the bloody mess that remained from the scene of the Inquisitor's execution. She could not contain her terror and shrieked as she gazed upon the merciless display of Berengar's authority. When Berengar heard the screams of his fiancee, he looked over to her in shock; and wondered why was Adela there at this particular moment. This was not something he intended for the young girl to witness. In her dismay, Adela quickly ran over to Berengar and Father Antonio and inquired why such a horrific scene occurred.

"Berengar, what have you done!?!"

Berengar was well aware of Adela's extremely religious nature and had never actually talked to her about his views on the subject. After all, he was afraid she would react poorly to his thoughts about the Church. However, he could not lie his way out of this one; he had just executed two emissaries of the Vatican in his own courtyard. As such, he put on a stern expression and scolded the little girl for recklessly making assumptions.

"The church conspired against me and aided my brother in his attempts to usurp my birthright. These men came here as part of my brother's final ploy to have me convicted as a heretic and executed. They even threatened to raze my family's lands to the ground when I refused to recognize the legitimacy of their so-called investigation. As such, I had them executed. Isn't that right, father Antonio?"

Berengar gave the Inquisitor an oppressive gaze implying that if the Priest did not admit to his crimes, Berengar would have him suffer the same fate as the shredded corpses in the courtyard below. The truth was despite being an excellent torturer, Antonio was a cowardly man who deeply feared death. As such, the inquisitor quickly crumbled and admitted to Adela the crimes of the Church.

"What Berengar says is correct... Lambert, while sponsored by your Local priest, petitioned the Bishop of Innsbruck to request an investigation from the Inquisition into accusations about Berengar's heretical views. We knew the charges were false but were afraid that Berengar would not follow the will of the Church. Thus, we planned to frame and convict him anyway. Which we would have done if he had allowed us to investigate the charges against him."

Adela was shocked to hear this news; all her life, she looked up to the Church as a beacon of hope and viewed them as the arbiters of truth. Yet these men had conspired against Berengar to install a puppet onto the seat of power in Kufstein. It was as if the image she had in her mind about a flawless church came crumbling down around her as she listened to the wicked priest confess to the crimes he had committed. She could tell the man was speaking the truth, even if it was under duress.

Berengar noticed the stunned expression on the girl's face and could tell that she was in the middle of an existential crisis, and as such, he walked over to his little fiancee and hugged her while patting her head and whispered his utopian propaganda into her fine ears.

"My sweet Adela, I know you are faithful, and I respect that, but men rule the Church, and no man is above corruption. As long as you have faith in Christ and follow his teachings, you will be a good Christian woman."

Father Antonio could not help but mutter the word "Blasphemy!" under his breath. However, the moment he did so, Berengar stared fiercely at him, and the man instantly shut his trap. After hearing Berengar's words, Adela wanted to know more of his view of Christianity; however, she realized that he was currently dreadfully busy and decided to contemplate his words while praying to the Lord about which path to follow. After thinking it over for a few moments, she looked up at Berengar with her shining sapphire eyes and thanked him for his comfort.

"Thank you, Berengar; I do not know what I would do without you..."

Afterward, the girl released herself from his embrace and returned to her room. She had many things to think about and prepare for. She knew Berengar's actions would invoke the ire of the Church, and as such, she wanted to protect him to the best of her abilities. Thus she began to write a letter to her father, who was currently in his castle in Graz and inform him about the recent events within Kufstein. She would remind him to honor the terms of their alliance with the von Kufstein family if such actions were needed.

Berengar remained with Father Antonio and continued to exude his authority while in the priest's presence.

"If I see you or any other members of your wicked order entering the confines of my family's lands, I will have you and your ilk shot on sight! Is that understood?"

Father Antonio had nearly soiled himself in fear at this point. He had witnessed the power of the muskets as their volley fire mangled the bodies of his fellow members of the Inquisition. He had no intentions of ever returning to this godless land and would make sure to warn the other members of his order to avoid Kufstein at all costs. With his departure, Berengar had seized absolute authority over this Barony comprised of roughly 20,000 people and now reigned supreme.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59: Render unto Caesar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Father Antionio's departure, word quickly spread around Kufstein of the Church's actions and plots to usurp the Barony and install a puppet on the seat of power. Mostly thanks to Berengar's intricate spy network. Gisela, who had turned to God during her recent crisis, immediately confronted Berengar about his rash actions. She could not believe that he would so cruelly execute ordained priests of the church. As such, she scolded her eldest son as if he were a small child caught with his hands in the cookie jar.

"How could you do such a thing? Do you not fear the wrath of God?"

Berengar merely laughed at her comments with a smug grin on his face.

"If God truly cared about what mankind does on this great Earth, he would not allow his so-called Church to be ruled by murderers, rapists, and thieves."

The way Berengar spoke about God was indeed blasphemous from the eyes of a God-fearing woman like herself. Gisela could not believe Berengar viewed the church in such a manner. She further emphasized the seriousness of the situation to her eldest son.

"You will be excommunicated for this, maybe even damned as a Heretic!"

Berengar looked at his mother with a look of pity as he began making her question her beliefs like the serpent he was.

"Mother... have you ever actually read the Bible?"

Gisela looked at her son like he was an idiot before proclaiming

"Of course not; it is up to the Clergy to decipher God's word! You should know this Berengar!"

Berengar merely shook his head as he pulled a large leatherbound book out of his desk, and placed it on the table. It was an accurately translated Bible in the German language. He pushed the bible in the direction of his mother, encouraging her to take a look for herself.

"Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's. Matthew 22:21"

Gisela looked at Berengar with a confused expression, but his meaning could not be clearer; he flipped to the page which contained the verse he had quoted, showing his mother the full context. Afterward, he pointed at himself and explained the verse with an indifferent expression on his immaculate face.

"I am the Caesar of this land, according to the words of Christ I hold all authority in this earthly domain we call the Barony of Kufstein. The Church should focus their efforts on spirituality and leave the politics of this world, to the men of this world."

Gisela could hardly believe her ears as she heard Berengar quote scripture and use it in a way to legitimize his ideas of the separation of Church and State. Berengar's views were extremely contradictory to the common belief of the Catholic Church, which maintained a large degree of political control over the European Kingdoms. Nevertheless, the words he spoke were true, and Gisela had no response to them. Seeing that his mother was conflicted, Berengar stood up from his desk and approached his mother, and wrapped his arms around her, showing her the same degree of comfort he showed Adela not too long ago.

"Mother, I know you're worried about me and my safety. I also know you are deeply concerned about my soul after what happened with Lambert. However, I promise you all I am doing is in the best interests of our family and the people of Kufstein."

Gisela accepted her son's loving embrace, and as she looked into his warm expression, her worries about him following the path of Satan began to vanish. He was still the gentle and kind boy she had doted on all of these years. Though his actions may seem extreme, he did them with the safety and security of his family and the people in his mind.

Berengar knew that his mother was shaken up by Lambert's true nature and was suspecting him to be equally as despicable deep down inside, and as such, he had to play the part of the loving son. Unlike Lambert, Berengar deeply cared for his family in both his past life and his current one. He spared Lambert because he could not imagine the suffering his family would go through if he had executed the little scoundrel. If Lambert had never conspired against Berengar, then he never would have stolen his fiancee and forced him out of the family.

However, what Gisela did not know is that Berengar truly did have a wicked and ruthless nature. However, he reserved it entirely for his enemies, and at this point, the Catholic Church had become his enemy. By conspiring against him, Berengar viewed them as a threat to his existence and would not rest until their stranglehold over the German people and the lands they inhabited was fully liberated. He was willing to do great evil to achieve these goals.

If one could describe Berengar's personality, it was practically split in two. He was loving, kind, gentle, and caring for his loved ones. Yet, he was brutal, ruthless, sadistic, and cruel to his enemies. The reason why the people who loved him were so worried about his recent actions was that it was entirely out of the character he had always shown them. However, after hearing Berengar's explanation, Gisela chose to believe in his actions and supported him in his endeavors.

After all, the rest of the family was currently still processing their grief about Lambert's removal. Both Henrietta and Sieghard had shut themselves in their rooms, hiding from the world at large. Right now, the only person Gisela could speak to about her feelings was her son and her priest. Though now that she knew the Priest had conspired against her son, she would not be going to church any time soon. Instead, the mature beauty grabbed ahold of the Bible Berengar had given her and decided to spend some time educating herself about the word of God from the source directly. Gisela thanked Berengar for understanding her position and comforting her before leaving the room.

"Thank you, Berengar; you have always been and will always be my beloved son."

With those words said, she departed the room and returned to her quarters to look after her husband, who was currently intoxicated and depressed. Berengar, on the other hand, stayed in his quarters and continued to fulfill his obligations as Regent. It would be a matter of hours before he could have a break and continue to educate the common folk of Kufstein.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60: Combating Misinformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After consulting with his mother about his previous Actions, Berengar arrived at Ludwig's workshop. Where He greeted his old friend with a quick hug; both men had been swamped with work recently and could immediately feel each other's growing exhaustion.

"Ludwig, my old friend, tell me you have some good news?"

Ludwig chuckled lightly as he heard Berengar's remarks; he indeed did have good news.

"Well, My Lord, you picked the most opportune time to pick a fight with the Church! After all the Printing Press machines you invented have long since been implemented and are currently working at full capacity. You just have to say the word, and we will change their production output to help you fight the misinformation the Church is bound to present about you!"

Berengar slapped Ludwig on the shoulder and gave him a thumbs up.

"Ludwig, you are a genius!"

The old man smiled at the compliment and brought Berengar into the factory, which had been constructed explicitly for paper manufacture and printing materials. Water-powered Paper mills were set throughout the large factory. Once processed, they were placed on the printing presses to make the various reading materials Berengar introduced for public education. However, right now, he had a dire need to spread the word of the Church's sins, and as such, he needed a lot of pamphlets.

Berengar currently stood in front of all the workers who had gathered before him. By now, they were well aware of the ploys against him by the church, and as such, he did not need to explain the whole situation. Berengar took out a prototype pamphlet he had designed and sent it to the foreman of the factory.

"I need these made in the thousands so that we can ship them across the German-speaking regions, it is my hope that every literate man may read of the Church's misdeeds. Can this be done?"

The foreman of the press was a middle-aged man with short gray hair and a mustache. He was dressed in the new renaissance style peasant attire Berengar had introduced to his population through his textile factories. His hair was also slicked back with pomade much like Berengars, and his mustache was properly waxed with the material. The man had an ecstatic expression on his face; he was always excited to help the Regent of Kufstein; after all, without the young man's innovations, he would still be breaking his back tending to a farm somewhere while gaining nothing but the scraps. Now, this man was part of the growing middle-class and was quite wealthy among the common population. He owed his success in life to Berengar and would never forgive the bastards in the church for trying to frame him. As such, he quickly nodded his head and gave Berengar a satisfactory answer.

"Of course, My Lord, I promise you, by the time the Church hears about what you have done to those damned inquisitors, all of Tyrol and most of Austria will be aware of those bastard's misdeeds!"

Berengar smiled and shook the man's hand with excitement; it was good to have capable people working for him. If this man pulled this off, he might actually have to give the whole factory a raise. However, he made sure to give the man and his crew a fair warning before doing so.

"Overtime is completely voluntary; I do not want you guys working so much that you neglect your family and your health. Just know That I will be offering proper compensation if you choose to work extra hours! If not, that is entirely up to you, and I respect your choices."

To Berengar, the people under his rule were part of the people he showed his more gentle side to. These were men, women, and children under his protection as sovereign, and he would not mistreat them if he could avoid it. He genuinely cared for the happiness and well-being of his people, as he too had once been a commoner in his previous life. With that said, he bade farewell to the factory workers and returned to his family's Castles, where Linde quickly greeted him; by the look on her face, she had good news, and as such, Berengar dragged her to his study.

He sat down on his desk and offered his pregnant lover a seat before asking her about the reason for her excited appearance.

"Do you want to tell me why you are smiling from ear to ear?"

Linde was smiling fervently and could not wait to inform the father of her child of the good news she had.

"I have successfully established another cell in Innsbruck and Trient! soon enough, the entire Counties of Tyrol and Trient will be under our surveillance!"

Berengar was delighted by the news and rushed out from his desk and kissed the heavenly beauty passionately after hearing the information she provided. It was too early in the day for the couple to fool around, but he could not help himself from doing so after he heard the good news. Eventually, he managed to contain his growing lust and instead sat next to his lover. He wanted to know more about the details of her operations.

Linde carefully explained how she had contacted trustworthy people and informed them that she wanted to form a spy network, though she did not explain who it was that she was working for when regarding her contact in Trient. Over time, the cells were fully established and were operating independently as per usual. As of right now, Berengar's ability to disseminate propaganda had greatly expanded beyond his own borders. Pretty soon, the commoners of other regions would see him as an ideal candidate for leadership. By the time he began to make his move for his political aspirations, few among the common population would believe the Church's lies.

After spending some quality time with Linde, Berengar dismissed her before returning to the village. Where he oversaw another day of instruction of basic education for the commoners in his realm. He began to wish for the day he did not have to instruct these people himself. Hopefully, he could find some competent teachers soon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61: Papal Response
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Supreme Pontiff was an elderly man in his early sixties who was of Italian descent. Currently, the man sat upon the Throne as he listened to grave news regarding the arrest and execution of a duo of the Church's Inquisitors within the Barony of Kufstein. In his hand was a letter written by Berengar; During the time it took for Father Antonio to return to the Vatican to make his report, Berengar had used his printing press to distribute flyers in the German language accusing the Church of attempting to usurp his family's lands. By now, these propaganda pamphlets had spread throughout all of Tyrol and parts of Bavaria and the other Austrian counties.

Pope Simeon II rubbed his temples intensely, trying desperately to decrease his growing headache. He had no idea how the young regent had managed to write so many of these pesky things and distributed them so quickly. The Pope exhaled heavily before voicing his thoughts aloud.

"This boy is certainly bold. I will give him that... You said he had a message for me?"

Father Antonio was kneeling before the pope. Beside him were several Cardinals who acted as the Holy Father's advisors. Father Antonio quickly responded to the Pope and began to inform him of Berengar's message word for word. After the frightening display of authority Berengar had used to intimidate the priest, father Antonio had engrained the young Regent's words into the very depths of his mind.

"Lord Berengar told me that When you return to the Vatican inform the Holy Father, that he may have the power to Excommunicate me and to brand me a Heretic, but ultimately when I finally perish from this world it is under the Judgement of God, not the Pope that will determine whether or not I enter the Kingdom of Heaven."

The Pope's expression stiffened as he heard these words; Berengar was clearly challenging his authority as the personal representative of God on Earth. The young Lord's words were essentially daring the Holy Father to act in such a manner and prove how worthless such a punishment was.

A nearby Cardinal had a furious expression on his face as he could no longer hold back the anger burning in his heart.

"Blasphemy! You all heard what Father Antonio said; the boy does not recognize the Authority of the Church! He must be brought to heel, and quickly before such blasphemous ideas spread to the rest of the German nobility! God wills it!"

Half of the Cardinals in the room immediately responded in the same manner

"God wills it!"

However, another Cardinal quickly countered the impassioned outcry of the man who called for Berengar's demise.

"How do you suppose we do that? He has already stated he does not care if he is excommunicated and branded a heretic! All of the Holy orders are currently fighting wars at the moment. The Teutonic Order is fighting in the East against the Rus; the Hospitallers are in North Africa waging Holy War against the Saracens to reclaim Alexandria for Christendom! The Spanish orders are all waging Reconquista! Even if we could spare the men, how would that look to the other German noblemen? Many of them would certainly rally behind Berengar. If we march into Kufstein now, we will only be justifying his behavior, which is exactly what the boy wants!"

Quickly the Cardinals began to bicker among themselves like a bunch of children as every one of them spat out a different idea on how to handle the scenario. It had been a long time since any Lord in Europe, especially one with a lowly position like Berengar, had slapped the church in the face in such a manner. It was an outright rejection of their power and authority over Christendom and a total humiliation to the Inquisition. Under normal circumstances, the Church would call for a Crusade to wipe out the heresy within Kufstein. However, since all of the surviving Holy Orders were currently expanding Christian influence elsewhere, they could not afford to send an army into the Alps at the moment.

Eventually, the Holy Father had enough of the infighting among his Cardinals and declared his solution to the issue.

"Enough! We will excommunicate Berengar, brand him a Heretic, and deny his accusations against us. Then we will paint the picture that he is a vile, wicked, and sinful man who engages in debauchery on a daily basis. As for invading Kufstein, we will leave that option on the table in case he misbehaves again in the future. Do you really believe the people will obey the rule of a man who the Church has labeled as a disciple of Satan?"

The room fell quiet with this declaration, those who were thirsty for the Blood of Berengar, and the people of Kufstein quietly calmed themselves and accepted the Pope's words as law. If the boy wanted to be a Tyrant, they would show him that he cannot rule so easily without the support of the common people. Unfortunately for them, they were making a huge mistake, as the local Church in Kufstein was plagued with corruption, and like most Churches, embezzled a large portion of the money they received from tithes.

Under Berengar's reforms, he had brought a great degree of prosperity to the common people within his domain. Combine this with the fact that the people in his territory were becoming literate and reading the Bible independently; there was a growing sense of distrust with the Catholic Church within the Barony of Kufstein. It would not be long before these views spread across Tyrol and, by extension, Austria. After all, Berengar's spy networks were growing by the day. His views of the Church and its role in society were quite popular among many nobility who were dissatisfied with the Church's interference with their secular rule over their dynastic lands.

As such, by excommunicating Berengar, declaring him a Heretic, and attempting to sabotage his reputation, the Vatican had unwittingly taken the first step to the Reformation of the Church within the German Speaking regions and the removal of Papal Authority. When Berengar heard the Church's response to his actions, he was reported to have a wicked grin on his face as if everything was going according to plan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62: A not so Civil Discussion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Currently, Linde stood face to face with Adela, the day would soon come for Adela to return home, and she was currently in a heated debate with her rival. The little girl had for quite some time had suspicions about Linde and Berengar and their illicit relationship. However, she had been in denial up until this point. Currently, the two conflicted with the fact that Adela would be returning to her homeland, while Linde would remain in Kufstein, which acted as a thorn in Adela's side. Constantly reminding her of the possibility that Berengar would sleep with the teenage temptress if she left the two of them alone.

Lambert's accusations at the scene of his conviction also left a lasting impression on her. He seemed to be certain that Berengar was the father of Linde's child, and such Adela had grown quite vicious in the little scuffle between the two girls. Berengar, of course, was not present for the conflict. Otherwise, he would have acted as a mediator and gotten the two of them to calm down. However, since she could not do so, Adela began to raise her voice at Linde in her frustration.

"What right do you have to stay in Kufstein now that your fiance is gone!?!"

Linde sneered devilishly at Adela, she knew the little girl was jealous of her, and she was not afraid to shove it in Adela's adorable little face as she deflected the question.

"Oh, my Adela, are you perhaps jealous?"

The very idea that Adela would be jealous, while accurate, infuriated her, and she quickly latched onto the bait; she was not an experienced debater, as could be seen by the ease of falling prey to Linde's trap.

"Jealous? That's preposterous. Why would I be envious of you!"

Linde leaned in close to Adela, showing off her mighty bosom in an act of superiority as she taunted the girl further.

"Obviously, you are jealous of the fact that I get to stay here by Berengar's side while you have to go back to Graz. Don't worry; I will take good care of your fiance while you are away..."

The strawberry blonde-haired vixen purposely emphasized the last part in great detail as she whispered in Adela's little ear in an attempt to infuriate her further. Though Linde had accepted her role as the lover and that she would never be Berengar's bride, she still found teasing her master's little fiancee to be delectable. Of course, if Berengar were here to witness such a scene, he would punish Linde for her actions.

Adela's face grew red like a strawberry as she envisioned all kinds of naughty things between Linde and Berengar and immediately felt embarrassed. She began to stammer as she found it difficult to form a sentence in her disrupted state.

Y... You... You harlot! How dare you!?!"

Linde's face was no longer grinning with satisfaction but had turned furious as she gazed at Adela with the intent to slap the little bitch. Being referred to as such a term greatly offended Linde and her pride as Berengar's lover; after all, she had only ever been with one man. Nevertheless, she refrained from backhanding Berengar's fiancee as she knew he would be genuinely displeased with her actions if she did so. Thus she forced herself to calm down and refute Adela's harsh words.

"Oh little Adela, you are quite wrong about that; I have only ever shared my body with one man. I am quite the opposite of what you claim..."

Due to the cryptic nature of Linde's refutation, Adela could not help but blurt out the question digging at the very essence of her soul.

"Oh yeah, and who might that be!?!"

Linde was waiting for this response and ended the argument with another vague answer that was sure to antagonize Adela further; this was her way of punishing the little girl for daring to call her such a wicked term.

"I'll leave that up t your imagination."

With that said, Linde walked away from Adela with a sinister smile on her face; she knew she had won this argument. Of course, Adela was fuming with fury as she watched Linde leave her behind. However, she quickly realized that she had never been able to get the answer from Linde about why she was allowed to stay in Kufstein. She could not help but curse herself after Linde had disappeared.

"That bitch!"

On the other hand, Linde had pressing matters to attend to and proceeded to her quarters, where she began to communicate with her subordinates in the spy network she had helped establish, informing them of boosting propaganda efforts across German-speaking regions. Sooner or later tales of Berengar's benevolence to his people and the crimes he suffered at the hands of his little brother with the backing of the church would spread by word of mouth through Tyrol and Trient, from there travelers and merchants would spread the stories across the entirety of Greater Germany. These stories of Berengar's treatment of the common people within his realm would make the Barony of Kufstein, a common destination for refugees when the war finally broke out. Even Linde had no idea how effective these stories would be as they were passed around inns and taverns across the land.

On the other hand, Adela was ruing the forthcoming day when she would have to return to Graz and was currently spending more time with Berengar; at the moment, she was complaining about Linde and wanted an official answer from Berengar on why she was allowed to stay.

"Berengar, why is Linde allowed to stay now that Lambert is gone and disowned? She's no longer engaged and has no further ties to this Land!"

Berengar saw the pouting face of Adela and could not help but pinch her cheeks as he reprimanded her for approaching Linde about such a question.

"I know you're jealous, but don't worry, she has a valid reason to be here. Her father was a backer in my brother's plots and does not trust I will continue to conduct business in good faith now that his involvement has been revealed. Thus he has decided to leave her here in Kufstein to oversee our trade. Besides, it's not like she can get married anymore now that she's pregnant. The least I can do is take care of my ba... brother's bastard considering that he is no longer around to raise it."

Berengar almost had a Freudian slip at that moment, and it did not go unnoticed by Adela, who frowned deeply as she heard Berengar proclaim that he was going to be raising Linde's child. She cursed that she was still too young to get married; otherwise, it would be her who was pregnant with Berengar's child at the moment. Such thoughts immediately caused her face to flush red with embarrassment. She quickly stormed out of Berengar's room in an attempt to hide her shameful thoughts, leaving Berengar staring at the doorway, thinking to himself.

'What did I do to upset her now...?'

The minds of the fairer sex were truly unfathomable to men...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63: Joining the Teutonic Order
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Currently, Lambert was still within the confines of the prison carriage constructed for his transport to the Teutonic Order. They had traveled for several weeks with a Caravan to Malbork Castle within the Pomerelia region to maintain the transported prisoner's safety and integrity. Lambert sat in his cage with a blanket over his shoulders. The only thing keeping him alive throughout his journey was the idea that he would return home one day and exact vengeance upon his family for what they had done to him.

The State of the Teutonic Order oftentimes referred to as the Teutonic State, was currently embroiled in a series of wars against the eastern European populations. Whether they were pagans or eastern orthodox, the fanatical crusaders of the Teutonic order did not care and used whatever excuses they could to justify their wars of conquest. Pomerelia, however, was far closer to the borders of Germany and was merely used as a training ground for recruits. To foster them into the Order and their way of life over time.

As a Militant Order of the Catholic Church, the Teutonic Knight required all full brothers to take monastic vows. They would become celibate and father no children, nor could they ever marry. If they were noblemen, they would give up all claims to their family's lands. This was a genius act by Gisela to spare Lambert's life while making him no longer a threat to Berengar's position.

On the other hand, Lambert saw this as a chance to rise in the ranks of the Teutonic Order and gain enough power to enact vengeance upon the family that had abandoned him. Especially that whore Linde, he would never forgive her for her misdeeds. After all the time and energy he had spent courting her, she threw it all away for his despicable brother. He was utterly disgusted with himself for being such a fool as to think he could be with a girl like Linde and putting up with her degrading acts because of it.

Not long after having these thoughts, Castle Malbork came into sight, and the sentries of the Teutonic Order rode out to meet with the approaching Caravan. A knight in full plate armor, with a white tabard and black cross emblazoned on it, stopped before the carriage and gave his commands.

"By orders of the Grandmaster, all outsiders are forbidden from traveling beyond this point! State your business or be on your way!"

The Caravan Guard was not the least bit threatened by the knight and calmly stated his reasons for being in the area.

"By decree of Sieghard von Kufstein, the Baron of Kufstein. This young man Lambert has been convicted of the crimes of assassination, treason, and attempted fratricide and hereby sentenced to join the Teutonic Order where he may redeem himself in the eyes of God in righteous crusade!"

Though the Knight's face could not be seen beneath the visor of his great bascinet, his exasperated expression could be heard in his voice as he sighed deeply.

"Another one? Alright... We will escort the Prisoner from henceforth."

The truth was Crusading was not nearly as popular as it was in the previous centuries; after the French conspired against the Templars for their wealth and burned them all at the stake as heretics, many people had no desire to suffer a similar fate. Nowadays, the ranks of the Teutonic Order were filled with either convicted criminals, refugees, orphans, or disillusioned noble youth. Despite the success of the Crusades to the Holy Land within this timeline, the Northern Crusades were not exactly popular in the eyes of the people of Christendom. In many countries, one might even say they were unpopular, especially now that the heathens of the Baltic had mostly been conquered and were in the process of being Germanized, which was a polite way of saying that they were being wiped out entirely and replaced by ethnic Germans.

Regarding the other so-called Holy Crusades, Reconquista was a matter of Iberian pride; as such, the Militant Orders of the region swelled with the ranks of zealous young men who wished to drive the moors from their lands. However, unless one were particularly hateful of Muslims, they would not venture from another region to join the fight to reclaim Iberia.

The ongoing Crusades in North Africa, if you could even call them such a thing, were mostly handled by the might of the Byzantine Empire's vast army, who wished to reclaim lost territory in Egypt and Lybia. Despite being Orthodox, the Byzantines and the Orthodox Church were far more cordial in this timeline with Europe and the Vatican. As such, they had gained the support of the Hospitaller order in the efforts to reclaim North Africa for Christendom. This was far more popular than the Northern Crusades among Catholics and Orthodox alike, as they were reclaiming lost land instead of venturing into backwaters and forcefully converting the natives.

Upon hearing the Knight's orders, the Caravan guards quickly got down from their Carriages and released the lock on the gates which confined Lambert. Where he was swiftly dragged out of his cell and handed over to the Knights of the Teutonic Order, who carried him off to the Castle of Malbork, this would be the last time the boy saw the Banners of House von Kufstein for some time. He would forever engrave them in his memory as he desired to see them burning along with his homeland.

After arriving in the Castle, Lambert was led to the recruit's quarters, where he acquired the attire of an initiate and had his head shaved. For the next few months, his life would be a grueling hell as he toiled and slaved away to prove himself worthy of the title of Brother. Luckily for him, he was already a competent swordsman and would quickly make a name for himself among the initiates and the order members alike. After having a simple meal for the evening, he returned to his quarters, where he began to drift into a dee slumber; the thoughts of vengeance were the only thing that would allow him to survive this ordeal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64: Supplying the Militia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was currently standing in one of his many Nitraries, formed to produce Saltpeter from common manure. It was the primary ingredient in the creation of gunpowder and was very rare in Europe as a naturally occurring substance. However, with the knowledge he gained from his previous life, which was far more advanced than this world, he knew of a way to create it from manure, ash, plant greens, and of course, cow urine. Though this was an extensive process, and as such, he had been relying on the trade networks throughout to import the material for the use in his militia's weapons.

However, after nearly four months of producing the material, his first batch of homegrown saltpeter was about to come to fruition. Since he initially constructed his industrial district, he had set aside an area to produce potassium nitrate, also known as saltpeter. These facilities were called nitraries. With an ever-increasing demand for gunpowder, he had expanded his nitraries throughout the industrial sector and even into dedicated plots of land outside the burgeoning town.

Though the process was simple; it took a lot of time to complete; essentially, one would create a waterproof mixture of manure, green plant matter, and ash. From there, they would make sure it was covered in a stable environment with limited sunlight and pour the cow urine on the mixture once a week for three to four months. Eventually, yellow crystals would form, be skimmed out of the mixture, and then placed into a bucket with holes in the bottom with a paper filter. The remainder of the bucket would be filled 3/4s of the way with the leftover pile and have boiling water poured into it until the pile was gone.

This process would be repeated until all of the saltpeter could be harvested, where it would then be mixed with charcoal and sulfur to make black powder. Now was finally the day when his armies no longer had to rely on expensive imports of the rare material and could produce it themselves in a constantly growing capacity. Truthfully Berengar pitied the men who had to work in the nitraries at it seemed like a filthy job to him, but it was entirely necessary, and thus they were paid very well for their labor.

There was a gaze of pride on Berengar's face as he saw the results of his efforts and was greatly pleased by them. He congratulated the men on their first successful batch of the substance.

"Men, you have done an amazing job these last few months, and I hereby award you all with a 10% raise to your salaries. Keep up the excellent work, and more rewards are sure to come!"

The men who engaged in such dirty work were truly ecstatic when they heard they were given a raise for their performances. All of their hard work had paid off. However, they could not become complacent and needed to begin preparing the next batch. A continuous supply of the substance was necessary for Berengar to wage war in the most efficient manner possible.

Thus Berengar left the men to their work as he returned to his other enterprises. Berengar noticed that the men beneath his command were currently running drills as per usual. There was a constant influx of recruits within the Militia, which acted more as a National Guard than an Army at the moment. Despite, some of the men in his militia being inducted into the Town Guard full time. The majority of them only trained on weekends after completing basic and specialized training.

Currently, his militia had reached his goal of roughly 1000 foot soldiers in 6 companies, as well as two full Artillery batteries filled with a total of 12 field guns and 300 men. He was one Artillery battery away from fielding a full Artillery Battalion. A feat which he would desire to achieve shortly. However, it would be some time yet until he could achieve it.

Berengar had gone through great expense to acquire a sufficient supply of warhorses, something his region was desperately lacking. As such, he currently only had a company of 80 Cavalrymen, though he had initially decided to use Demi-Lancers, ultimately he had changed his mind after he considered the fact that for now, he would be fighting medieval armies, without any significant access to gunpowder. As such he decided to go with the extremely effective cuirassiers which would be capable of breaking any spear formations with their pistols, before charging them down with their sabers. This elite unit of heavy cavalry was equipped in three quarter's plate armor, with an enclosed burgonet, and a pair of gauntlets. The weapons they wielded were a pair of pistols, as well as a dussack sword

Recognizing his dire need for warhorses, Berengar had begun a breeding program for species such as coursers. Still, it would be years before he could see the results in any significant capacity. Thus, for now, all he could do was import the horses to his region at a high cost. Luckily for him, his family was now extraordinarily wealthy due to the steel and textile trades. Many noblemen were willing to pay a premium to get their hands on such a large quantity of steel for use in their armies. Completely unaware that against Berengar's forces, mass equipping your forces with steel brigandine and plate was useless, but then again, they never expected Berengar to have such lofty ambitions.

After overseeing the militia exercises, Berengar returned to his home, where he sat in his father's study with a liter of beer in his hands, slowly going over the remaining paperwork for the day. Tomorrow Adela would depart from his land, and he would not be able to see his little fiancee's adorable face for some time. At least he would be able to visit her for her birthday in a few months, speaking of which he should probably have some exquisite jewelry made for her to show his affection. After thinking about such things, he spent the remainder of his nightly work drafting plans for a ludicrously expensive set of jewels for his beloved.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65: Monogamy is for Suckers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The day had Arrived, and Berengar was up bright and early, properly dressed to see his little fiancee off from his territory so that she may return home to her homeland. Despite her suspicions about Berengar's potential affair with Linde, she had been quite happy during these past few months she spent getting to know her fiance. After some serious soul searching over the past few days, she had concluded that even if Berengar had secretly taken Linde as a lover, she would still marry him. She was confident in her ability to keep Berengar by her side, even if he did spend time with Linde. Who knows, maybe when her body finally matured, she would be even more beautiful than Linde; at that point, she could easily monopolize Berengar's love. Her only fear was that if Berengar was truly the father of Linde's child, that one day he might legitimize the bastard, and if it were to be born a boy, that bastard boy would become the heir to his titles. As such, she had decided she would do whatever it took to put her own future son on the throne in which Berengar was sure to carve out of this world.

Truthfully Berengar had been dreadfully busy these past few days and saw very little of either of his women and thus was unaware of the conflicts between them or the resolutions they had come to. However, to see her off, he was here now, and Linde was not present, fearing it might sour the relationship between her lover and his fiancee, She felt it would be best to be absent. Though she liked teasing Adela, she had no plans to steal her position as the wife. Berengar had made it clear that he intended to marry Adela and that his mind would not be swayed, and Linde had come to accept that.

Adela stood in front of her luxurious carriage, which was flanked by the retinue of knights who had protected her all of this time. They knew better than to get in the way of the young lady and her fiance. Berengar hugged the little girl before seeing her off. However, the words she whispered into his ear caught him off guard.

"I want you to know that even if you are with Linde, I will not stop fighting for your love..."

With that said, the little girl pecked him on his lips with her own before running away from his embrace and into her carriage. Leaving Berengar stunned in silence as the Caravan drifted off. He had a million thoughts racing across his mind as he watched Adela waving at him from the carriage in the distance. Chief among them was simply.

'Am I really that bad at hiding my affair?'

Despite realizing he was not as sly as he thought he was throughout this time, Berengar was happy that despite suspecting his illicit relationship with Linde, his little fiancee did not give up on marrying him. It would have been an unmitigated disaster if the girl had caught onto his actions and ended things after all of his efforts. As such, a wicked grin spread across his face as he stared into the clear blue sky above and voiced his thoughts aloud.

"Monogamy is for suckers..."

Berengar quickly returned to the castle after leaving his parting words for nobody to hear. He was not the type of guy to cultivate a harem; after all, trying to satisfy the emotional needs of more than two women was enough to drive any man to an early grave. However, if he could achieve it, he had more than enough love to spare for two beautiful ladies. As such, he was happy that things were progressing in the manner he intended.

Things were going to be lonely now that Adela was gone, but with Lambert having been exiled and his family already aware of his relationship with Linde, he no longer had to hide his actions and could openly flirt with Linde and enjoy her company without having to sneak around all the time. Surely that would be a liberating experience. Apparently, Linde had the same idea, for the moment he entered the Castle's doors, she jumped into his arms and began kissing him passionately. In between their kissing, Linde asked the question on her mind.

"So is the little girl gone?"

Berengar flicked her on her forehead, which interrupted their passionate display, and chastised his lover.

"Yes, but curiously she said something to me before she departed. Something unexpected..."

By the look on his face, Linde knew Adela probably mentioned something about their affair. As such, she acted innocently as if she had no idea what it could be about. As such, Berengar repeated what Adela had told him before narrowing his eyes and interrogating the young beauty.

"So tell me, what exactly did you say to Adela about us?"

Linde was caught off guard and blushed lightly as she tried to hide her embarrassment from Berengar; ultimately, she had been caught. After being cornered like this, she had no option but to confess.

"I may have said something along the lines of I would take good care of your fiance while you are away..."

Berengar stared at Linde with a tyrannical expression before speaking the words on his mind.

"You know what this means, right?"

Linde nodded; though she tried to hide it, she had an excited look in her eyes that told Berengar she had deliberately done this to be punished by him. Even if she enjoyed such a rough display of dominance, he would do exactly as she desired. As such, he dragged his lover into his room and spent the rest of his day punishing her severely for her actions which could have gone horribly wrong. For the first time in a long time, Berengar took a day off from work and merely spent it playing with his lover; if he were going to live a long and prosperous life, he would need to spend some days in such a manner...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66: Finding a Replacement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With Adela's departure, Berengar quickly found himself thrust into his work once more. He had to find an instructor to replace her as the teacher for Kufstein's children with her absence. Unfortunately, implementing his public education system was proving to be a slower endeavor than initially estimated. Because of this, he was currently interviewing a prospective candidate for the position Adela had left behind.

The young man in front of him was one of the Children of the late Marshal. Despite being responsible for the assassination of Marshal Friedhelm von Thiersee, Berengar had successfully shifted the blame for the man's death onto his little brother. Thus gaining the von Thiersee family as a valuable ally. Currently, the second son of the family was sitting before Berengar. At the same time, the young regent conducted a thorough interview on whether or not the man could instruct the region's children in basic education.

The first matter of importance was determining whether or not the man understood the basic material. Over this past hour, Berengar had given the young man a basic arithmetic and language test, which the man passed with flying colors. Afterward, Berengar gave him the booklets that contained the learning materials that had been distributed to the students to see if he could thoroughly understand its content.

The young man went by the name of Frederick, and he was relatively average-looking in all aspects. He was a studious and quiet man who perfectly exemplified the ideal of the noble scholar. Frederick shared the same dirty blonde hair and emerald eyes as his elder brother. The young man looked at Berengar with a passionate smile as he repeated a part of the Social Studies that contained Berengar's propaganda.

"The German people are a distinct ethnic group among the Germanic Peoples who reside within the German-speaking regions of Central Europe. It should be the aim of every German to unify under a single cohesive Empire free from foreign influence. Only by uniting with each other can the German people pursue their destiny of Global Hegemony."

It was quite honestly a propaganda piece taken from the teachings of a certain regime from Berengar's previous life, yet if he was going to build an Empire, the Fatherland should be united as the core of it. Berengar had distributed a map for visual reference, which contained the regions he wished to incorporate into his future Empire. This map was essentially an exact copy of the idea of a Greater Germany from a certain Austrian Art student, with the addition of the Adriatic Littoral and the Alpine foothills.

After confirming that Frederick could teach the Children, Berengar approached the man with a smile on his face and shook his hand.

"It seems you are more than qualified to teach the children; you start tomorrow. I promise you will be paid a fair wage."

The young man nodded his head in agreement and spoke his inner thoughts."

"I'm just glad to be of service to the realm, My Lord."

Hearing such words, Berengar decided to celebrate and pulled out a flagon of beer while pouring it into two mugs he offered to the young man in front of him.

"If you know anyone else who would be a good fit for the position, let me know. I want to expand public education across the entirety of the Barony and need qualified instructors."

Frederick smiled at Berengar and took out a list of names he had come prepared with for this very topic and handed it over to the young Lord. Berengar was perplexed by this action, but he took a sip from his mug of beer while reading over the list of names. Most of the names written on the sheet of paper were from the younger generation of nobility, many of whom he had met at his engagement ceremony.

Frederick smiled as he shared his thoughts with Berengar

"Many of the children of the nobility within the realm are fully educated and are inspired by your actions. They want to support you in any way they can, and since they are idling about in their homes wasting their lives away, I figured I could convince a few of them to take up teaching as a way to stem their boredom and be productive."

Berengar's smile grew wider as he clasped Frederick on the shoulder and thanked the man for making such a list.

"You have no idea how important this list is to me; I have had a challenging time trying to convince people to take up the position of a teacher. With this list and your aid, I can greatly expedite the process!"

Frederick grinned as he reveled in the compliments from the young Lord. Now that Lambert was removed, those previously aligned against Berengar were either living in fear of his retribution or trying to suck up to him. Being from the family of one of Berengar's supporters, Frederick had received substantial benefits due to his elder brother's service. For starters, he was given priority in the field in which he desired to work. As a studious young man, Frederick was more than willing to teach his knowledge to the children and further his own studies from the materials in which Berengar provided.

The two men continued to drink and chat for some time about Berengar's plans for the education of the realm. However, Berengar left out his imperial aspirations; it was evident by the map he had drawn and the propaganda in his social studies curriculum that he desired to be Emperor. Knowing about all of the revolutionary innovations Berengar had invented and his benevolent character, Frederick could not help but support the Young Regent on his quest for power.

Frederick had no way of knowing it at the moment. Still, one day he would become the Minister of Education for Berengar's grand Empire, and it was at this moment that Berengar had gained another loyal and competent supporter. Together the two men would accomplish great things on the path to power. Berengar spent the remainder of his allotted time chatting with Frederick and building a valuable friendship, however it would not be long before his duty called and he was forced to get back to work. For a Tyrant there is never a moment of respite in his busy life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67: Border Conflict
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ingbert was currently overseeing the transport of a shipment of steel and textiles to the Count of Steiermark, who resided in the city of Graz. He had just recently departed from the Barony of Kufstein and he was now sitting at the entrance of the town of Kitzbühel, the capital of the Barony of Kitzbühel, which was the Barony which lay directly to the east of Kufstein and shared its border. The moment he had come close to the town of Kitzbühel while flying the banners of House von Kufstein, he had been stopped by the Town Guard with who he was currently engaged in a fierce debate.

"Under whose authority do you dare to stop this trading Caravan?"

The man who had stopped him was dressed in a brigandine breastplate and wore an iron bascinet helmet on his head. He currently had several archers and spearmen nearby holding the Caravan captive. They all looked as if they were ready to unleash their fury at any moment. Clearly they were holding a grudge against the Barony of Kufstein. The man in charge sneered in disdain at Ser Ingbert as he answered the young man's questions.

"Under the decree of Baron Guntrum von Kitzbühel, anyone who enters through the Barony of Kitzbühel through its western border shall be investigated for Heresy. I hereby order you to stay within the confines of Kitzbühel until after the investigation is complete. In the meantime, we will be seizing all assets in which your caravan carries as potential evidence. If you a determined to be innocent of the charges, then all items seized shall be returned to you at the time of your departure."

Ingbert was furious at the blatant disregard for his identity and lashed out at the guard.

"This is outrageous!"

The guard grinned wickedly at Ingbert and lowered his spear threateningly as he proceeded to taunt Ingbert.

"Any resistance will be considered a recognition of guilt, and thus we will be forced to execute you as a Heretic. I suggest you hand over your weapons peacefully and come with us."

Though Ingbert wanted to fight his way out, the town guard greatly outnumbered him and his caravan guards; as such, there was not much he could do about the current situation. All he could manage was to inform Berengar's spy network set up in Kitzbühel of this matter and have them relay the message to Berengar. As such, he was placed under confinement in the local tavern, where he quickly met up with the bar wench who worked for Berengar in secret and gave her the message. It would not be long before Berengar heard of the egregious actions of the Baron of Kitzbühel and demanded a response.

...

Berengar sat upon his seat of power where Linde was kneeling before him, informing him of the events that had transpired to Ingbert and his caravan within the Barony fo Kitzbühel. He slammed his fist on his armrest in a fit of fury and rose from his seat as he yelled at Linde.

"Preposterous, the Baron of Kitzbühel has no right to interfere with my trade. Clearly, he's doing this at the behest of the Church as retaliation for my execution of those fucking inquisitors. That God damn pious cunt, I swear to God I will get back to him for this!"

Though Berengar was screaming in anger, Linde did not mind; she liked this tyrannical side of Berengar. However, she kept her mouth shut and let him vent his anger. Berengar paced around the Great Hall as he contemplated on how to proceed.

"I want an envoy sent to Kitzbühel to mediate this grievance. I will not allow my business to be interrupted by that self-righteous prick!"

Linde frowned in dissatisfaction at Berengar's inaction and tried to goad him into violence as she approached his side and poked his chest tenderly.

"Why don't you send your armies? With the power of your forces, the Baron could not refuse your demands!"

Berengar knew what she was trying to do and pet her silky strawberry blonde hair before pulling her in close to her.

"You are a little vixen; you know that? No, I will not resort to violence over such a small matter. Besides, it would be just the justification your father needs to bring his armies down upon me if I did so. I would prefer to avoid war with the entirety of the Tyrolean forces if I could; there are too many of them; at best, I could withstand the siege until they yield, but by then, my businesses would be destroyed, and my people slaughtered. I will avoid violence until he gives me a proper Cassus Belli."

Linde pouted but ultimately accepted his decision. Not only was everything he said correct, but he knew that when Berengar made up his mind about something, there was no swaying him. As such, she rested her head on his shoulder and enticed him further.

"Hopefully, he does something to justify war; it is getting dreadfully boring around here now that I can no longer tease that little fiancee of yours."

Berengar scoffed at Linde's reaction, this girl may be a masochist now, but that did not mean the entirety of her sadistic tendencies had disappeared. Clearly, she needed more training. However, he was busy at the moment and could not entertain his little pet; as such, he gave her a task to ease her boredom.

"I won't let Gunrtrum get away with this, reach out the cell in his land and have my hands burn down Guntrum's granaries, let him see what happens when he dares to provoke me!"

With this, Linde smiled mischievously; this was the ruthless and domineering tyrant who had stolen her heart. She was quick to obey his commands and set forth to task the local cell in Kitzbühel to engage in sabotage against the Barony's food stores. It would not be long before this conflict escalated into an all-out war. When that occurred, Berengar would show what the thunder of a dozen 12 lb cannons could to the seemingly mighty walls of Guntrum's castle. Years in the future, historians would come to recognize this as Berengar's first conquest and the beginning point in the rise of the German Empire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68: Escalation of Force
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the dead of night, under the lack of illumination of the new moon, a group of individuals clad in dark clothing set forth from the town of Kitzbühel and began to engage in a sinister plot to burn the local granaries. With this act of sabotage, the people of Kitzbühel would lack food stored and be forced to purchase food from their neighbors to survive. Not only was this an act of retaliation from Berengar to Baron Guntrum, but it was also a way to force Guntrum to the bargaining table so that his shipment could be returned.

As such, the individuals snuck in the darkness of the night around the granaries, which were guarded by a unit of the town guard. However, the men appeared to be half asleep at the moment and were having difficulties staying awake. This was because they had been to the tavern earlier that evening and drank wine mixed with a sedative, which the local tavern workers had provided to them. The entirety of the tavern staff was either directly or indirectly involved with Berengar's spy network.

The saboteurs waited another fifteen minutes before the men were completely unconscious. Afterward, they lit up a few torches they had brought with them and tossed them inside the granary. Before long, the majority of the town's food stores were lit ablaze, and the perpetrators had absconded into the night, never to be caught.

By morning Baron Guntrum von Kitzbühel was furious; he was not sure how, but this could only be the act of the Regent of the neighboring Barony, who else would have cause and conscious of engaging in such vile behavior. Currently, he sat with his council of advisors, who each had a different view on how to proceed further. His Chancellor was the first to speak his concerns among the group of aging men.

"This is clearly an act to bring us to the negotiating table; I say we comply before things get out of hand. We should return the shipment and allow his traders free passage through our lands under the condition that Kufstein compensates us for the loss of food stores. It is the only reasonable action!"

Guntrum's marshal was of an entirely different opinion; he spat on the ground in disgust of the Chancellor's opinion on the matter.

"What we need to do is return this despicable action in kind. If we can torch their granaries, they will be in just as bad a situation as we are. Then they will think twice before provoking us further."

Quickly the council chamber broke into bickering as none of Baron Guntrum's advisors could agree on a solution. Ultimately the Baron pounded his fist on the table and made his decision known.

"We will return this act of sabotage with one of our own. Not only will we burn down his granaries, but we will sabotage his steel factories in which he is so proud of. That way, we will hurt his trade far worse than simply seizing a shipment of steel and textiles!"

Though many of his advisors recognized that this might lead to an outright declaration of war, they could no longer sway their Baron any further. As such, his decree was made, and his saboteurs were set to task. They would sneak into Kufstein in the night and engage in their criminal acts.

...

It was now the dead of night, and once more, a group of black-clothed and masked individuals was up to no good. However, the shoe was on the other foot this time as these people quickly crossed the Border and rode towards Kufstein under cover of darkness. However, unfortunately for them, Berengar was expecting an act of retaliation and had set his forces in the shadows in at the task to hunt down and eliminate the would-be saboteurs. The moment they step foot into Kufstein, their actions were already being closely monitored by Berengar's assassins.

The Town Guard heavily guarded the Industrial district, and as such, the saboteurs could not find a way to enter it unnoticed. Before long, the leader of the group exclaimed in defeat.

"This is impossible! Why the hell does he have this place locked down like it is some fortress?"

However, an unfamiliar voice came from the shadows, which immediately put him and his team on high alert. However, the origin of the voice was completely shrouded in the darkness.

"Because his Majesty Berengar has many secrets to hide, kind of like these"

The last thing the would-be saboteurs saw was a flash of blinding light as they heard the thunder of the guns echo in the night; before they could even react, their bodies were torn to shreds by the revolving flintlock pistols of the assassins who had surrounded the saboteurs without their knowledge. These prototype weapons were issued to Berengar's spies and assassins and were based on the Collier revolving flintlock pistol from his previous life. Immediately the Town guards were alerted and rushed to the sounds of the gunshots with their Muskets loaded and ready for combat. However, when they arrived, they saw the corpses of the saboteurs riddled with musket balls, with no sign of the perpetrators.

Half an hour later, Berengar was enjoying schnitzel and spaetzle with a nice cold lager at the dinner table in which he ate by his lonesome despite it being well past midnight. His family was all asleep, though even if they were awake, it would not matter. Berengar had become accustomed to eating his meals with only Linde to accompany him. However, she currently was not present. Unfortunately, Lambert's actions had devastated his family, and he had not seen Henrietta in weeks. However, according to her servants, she was still alive and eating the food brought to her. As for his mother, Gisela, she had secluded herself alongside Sieghard where they continued to read the bible Berengar had given her to find some answer to the Lord's plan, and by extension, Lambert's sinful actions.

At this moment, Linde approached with an excited expression, though the moment she saw Berengar was eating a midnight snack, which just so happened to be her favorite meal, she pouted like a child.

"You could have told me you were eating; I would have surely joined you!"

Berengar chuckled as he finished his meal and wiped his mouth with his napkin before draining the remainder of his beer down his gullet. Afterward, he teased Linde with his response.

"Too late now."

This caused her to pout further, though eventually, she remember her reason for seeking him out and gave him the good news.

"Just as you had expected, Guntrum sent men to sabotage the granary and the factories; your hands assassinated them before they could cause any trouble."

Berengar smiled wickedly as he grabbed Linde and pressed her into his embrace before kissing her passionately.

"Excellent, everything is going as plan; as long as the violence keeps escalating, sooner or later, he will give me a valid Cassus Belli for me to declare war on him. Hopefully, I don't have to wait long..."

With that said, he dragged his sly lover back to his room and enjoyed the rest of his waking hours training her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69: Declaration of War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar currently sat upon the seat of power within Kufstein, listening to his father's advisors squabble over trivial matters. He was beginning to gain the desire to blow his own brains out with one of his pistols if this dreadful conversation continued any longer. Throughout the past two weeks, Berengar had been engaging in a war of intrigue with his neighbor the Baron fo Kitzbühel. What started as a simple seizure of assets under a bogus investigation quickly turned into repeated acts of sabotage with Berengar getting the best of Guntrum in every single encounter. At this point, Berengar was starting to get bored with how easy it was to best Guntrum in the minor war of intrigue they were waging.

Baron Guntram von Kitzbühel was a deeply pious man in his forties who was an ardent supporter of the Church. He donated a significant sum to the Vatican each year as a show of his faith. In pursuit of justice on behalf of the church, the man had foolishly been seizing Berengar's trade caravans and holding them for an extended time, while "investigating" the caravans for any heretical materials. By now, the man was sitting on a significant stockpile of steel and textiles that should have been delivered to their buyers during this time frame. Without the shipment of these supplies, Berengar's lucrative trade to the East of his lands was beginning to halt.

Though on the surface Berengar had attempted to resolve these differences diplomatically, the reality was he was giving significant pressure to his rival behind the scenes. Of course, none of his agent's actions could be tied to him other than mere speculation. Baron Guntrum had initially promised that after the supplies were thoroughly searched, he would allow them to pass through his borders; however, it had been two weeks since the man had first begun seizing his trade caravans, and Berengar was starting to lose his patience on this matter. If he could not resolve the issue soon, then he was sure to suffer heavy financial losses. However, merely seizing his goods and inspecting them was not a proper cause for war, and as such, Berengar could not force Guntrum to return his assets. While spacing out in a daze of boredom, Berengar briefly overheard Eckhard's shouts as one of Berengar's spies rushed into the Great Hall and reported the situation to the new Marshal.

"Baron Guntrum did what? This is clearly an act of war!"

Berengar, with a look of confusion, as he was unaware of what had transpired and decided to confirm the situation. By the sound of it, it was bound to be good news.

"What is an act of war?"

Eckhard respectfully bowed before Berengar and reported the current situation at the border to his liege.

"My Lord, Baron Guntrum has stated that he will be seizing your supplies indefinitely and donating them to the Church as compensation for the alleged crimes you have committed against Christendom! He also has begun executing the Caravan Guards, saying that they are heretics without providing any evidence to back his claims!"

Despite the horrific news, a sadistic grin spread across Berengar's face as he heard Eckhard's words. Finally! This was his chance to not only use force but lay waste to the pious cunt once and for all! As such, the young Regent gave his decree immediately without any form of hesitation in his tone.

"Eckhard, call the banners and rally the militia. If Guntrum thinks he can execute men under my protection while robbing me like a common brigand, then he clearly underestimates my power! Aside from the local Garrisons, I want the full military might of Kufstein deployed to the border as quickly as possible!"

Eckhard quickly pounded his chest in a salute

"It will be done, My Lord!"

With that, he quickly departed and began to rally the Barony of Kufstein's forces. The professional army in which his father had fostered had roughly 1000 men among their ranks, and they would be fighting alongside Berengar's militia which now numbered over 1300 strong. If the Baron of Kitzbühel wanted war, then Berengar was more than happy to oblige! As such, Berengar quickly drafted an official declaration of war to deliver to Baron Guntrum, which was then rushed to his territory by an official diplomat.

Though Berengar's other advisors quickly swarmed around him and attempted to calm him down, in particular, his Chancellor gathered by his side and chastised him for so quickly resorting to violence.

"My Lord, do you believe it is wise to march upon the Barony of Kitzbühel, Baron Guntrum has quite a large force of well equipped professional soldiers, and while your father may have outfitted our troops with excellent supplies, that does not mean it will be easy to lay siege to his mighty Castle! I beg you to rethink this recklessness and focus on diplomacy!"

Berengar sneered at his Chancellor with disdain; what purpose did this man have to lecture him on the art of war. However, he refrained from doing anything unwise and merely scolded the man.

"Falko, I have been robbed of my people's labor. I will have satisfaction; the entirety of the Barony of Kitzbühel will more than make up for the assets which have been stolen from me!"

A look of horror spread across the chancellor's face as he quickly realized what the young Regent meant by these words.

"You would lay claim to the Baron's lands?"

Berengar's sinister gaze landed upon Falko and made him shiver in fright, the words the young Regent spoke only furthered the dread in which the chancellor felt at that moment.

"My dear Chancellor, my father, is getting quite old; what kind of son would I be if I did not make him a Viscount before he passes from this world?"

Berengar would use this excuse for war as a means to destroy Guntrum's entire family and incorporate his domain into Kufstein. This would accomplish two of Berengar's ambitions, sending a clear message to his enemies that he should not be provoked; and expanding the borders of his family's dominion. While Falko gazed upon Berengar with a horrified expression, Berengar marched off to get himself equipped for battle; he would personally lead his forces into the Barony of Kitzbühel and lay waste to their army. The young Regent could not help but think to himself as he dressed for the upcoming war.

"Finally... something interesting has happened!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70: Mustering the Army
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Baron Guntrum von Kitzbühel was currently sitting on his seat of power in his castle, drinking from a glass of water. The man was currently fasting as a sign of his dedication to the Lord and, as such, chose not to consume anything other than the natural liquid. Kneeling before him was a man from Berengar's domain that had ridden throughout the night to inform the Baron of Berengar's decision. The messenger handed the letter over to Baron Guntrum with a concerned expression on his face. He did not know how the Baron would react to being declared war upon and certainly did not want to be executed for delivering such a message.

Baron Guntrum read through the contents of the letter with a serious frown across his face, which only increased the more he read.

"Dear, Baron Guntrum von Kitzbühel

I have received word that you have unlawfully seized my shipment to the Count of Steiermark, and as such, I consider you nothing more than a common Brigand. By stealing from the labor of my people, I am entitled to compensation, and as such, I have decided that I will be taking your life, and that of your family, as well as your entire domain as recompense for your unlawful actions. Henceforth I Berengar, Regent of the Barony of Kufstein appointed as such by my father Baron Sieghard von Kufstein; openly declare war on the Barony of Kitzbühel and the House von Kitzbühel. May God have mercy on your soul, for I will not!

Sincerely,

Regent Berengar von Kufstein"

Baron Guntrum glared at Berengar's messenger with fury as he finished reading the message before thinking aloud.

"This boy would seriously go to war over something as trivial as seizing a small shipment of steel and textiles? Truly he is the spawn of Satan and must be eliminated for the greater good."

Afterward, the man stood up from his seat of power and walked down its steps. He was a short and thin man with long graying hair. He was near as thing as Berengar was when he reincarnated into this world. Yet there was a fierce look of determination in his steel-blue eyes as he gazed upon the messenger.

"You may return to your master and tell him that he is a fool for declaring war on me, and I will return the favor by taking his sinful life!"

The messenger quickly nodded his head and spoke to the enraged Baron.

"I will do as you have told me, My Lord"

afterward, the man rushed off back to Berengar's domain as quickly as he could. On the other hand, Baron Guntrum summoned his marshal, who appeared from behind the corner; he had been listening to the entire conversation from afar. Guntrum quickly gave the Marshal his decree.

"Rally the troops, let us see what this would be Tyrant is made of, shall we?"

A wicked grin spread across the Marshal's face as he replied with excitement.

"Aye, we shall!"

As such, Baron Guntrum sat back on his seat and allowed the Marshal to take command of his forces, where he would meet Berengar's armies on the field of battle before he could have the ability to lay siege to the heart of the Baron's domain.

...

Berengar was currently sitting on the ground near a burning campfire the full might of his militia had already been deployed to the border throughout the night. They were a force that could rapidly assemble; however, the same could not be said for the rest of his father's feudal forces and the vassals who commanded them. By now, only half of the Baronies army had arrived. They were mostly equipped with a mixture of brigandine and plate while armed primarily with pikes.

While marching alongside the incredibly advanced forces of Berengar's militia, the army looked as if it were a mixture of medieval, renaissance, and early modern troops. It was truly a unique army in this world. The camps had been set up on the border between Kufstein and Kitzbühel, and Berengar was merely waiting for the arrival of the remainder of his forces which should take no longer than a day. As he was camped out at the border, Berengar cleaned the sword in his hand, which was recently created and outfitted to his cuirassiers; it was an example of a 16/17th-century Dussack. Essentially it was the renaissance equivalent of the infamous sabers, which would come to prominence throughout the cavalry forces of Europe and the Western World during the early modern period.

In the hands of his Cuirsassiers, it was a deadly weapon and would wreak havoc across the many lightly armored feudal infantry that they were sure to fight against in the upcoming battle. Eckhard approached Berengar garbed in the renaissance style armor of the militia with his musket slung across his back. He took off his brass-trimmed Burgonet as he sat down next to Berengar with an eager expression on his face.

"The remaining forces should be here before nightfall; what are your orders?"

Berengar nodded in response and began to smile at the news as he gave his commands.

"Let the men rest; at first light, we March into the enemy's territory. I want the men to conduct themselves civilly, no raping or raiding, and no unnecessary murder. We will be ruling over these people soon enough, and I don't want any pointless grudges to be formed. Anyone who conducts themself in such a manner will be sentenced for war crimes and executed by firing squad, am I understood?"

Eckhard nodded as he heard the words; he was truly getting old. With Berengar's command and his ethics of how warfare should be conducted, the savage ways of mass looting and **** after a successful siege would die out soon enough. The dawn of a new age of warfare was on the horizon, and the feudal powers of Europe would either have to rapidly adapt or bend the knee to the rising German Empire. Either way, the Medieval period was on the edge of its lifespan. The two men continued to chat for some time before parting ways for their tents that night. When the dawn rose, the Barony of Kitzbühel would feel the wrath of a new era knocking down their door.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71: Cavalry Charge
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sound of the horn echoed throughout the campsite in which Berengar's forces had gathered, signaling it to be dawn, thus being time for the troops to rise from their tents. Berengar was already awake and taking care of his horse; it was a solid black destrier of noble stock. The beast was truly magnificent as its shining obsidian coat glistened under the rays of the rising sun. Berengar had named this horse Erwin after the famous German general from his previous life. The young Regent had spent quite the sum acquiring such a magnificent steed for his warhorse, and as such, he tended to pamper the stallion.

He quickly attached the steel plate barding onto the horse, which was blackened to match his armor and had brass trimming across it. Unlike normal cuirassiers, Berengar had elected to armor his horse appropriately; after all, he did not wish to lose such a majestic creature to the horrors of war. After attaching the armor to the horse, he climbed atop its saddle and waited for the men to muster. They would be marching soon enough into the enemy's territory and hopefully engage their army on the field of battle.

Before long, his forces had gathered and loaded their muskets, setting the firing mechanism at half-cock so that they were prepared for battle at a moment's notice. As for the so-called professionals, they were appropriately equipped with primary pikes and swords as sidearms. The use of the pike was an innovation in which Berengar had equipped the standard infantry of his father's professional army after he rose to the position of regent. It did not take long for the infantry to become proficient in their use and formations, as it was far simpler to train a group of pikemen than it was to train musketeers, artillerymen, or cuirassiers.

The armies marched together in the dawn under the banner of House von Kufstein. By the time they countered the enemy forces, they were merely a few kilometers away from the main town within the region; they were sandwiched between two sets of mountains and were in the valley below. However, they were still far from the enemy forces, which allowed Berengar's army time to get into formation.

The artillery batteries rapidly set up the guns at an appropriate distance away from the battlefield where the armies were organized upon. The primary target of the Artillery would be the archers and crossbowmen used by the enemy forces; if they could wipe them out before the infantries clashed, the casualties on Berengar's side would be greatly reduced.

While his artillery got into position and loaded the 12 field guns, Berengar took charge of the Cavalry, a mix of heavily armored Knights and Cuirassiers. There was roughly 110 Cavalry in Berengar's army, which was far larger than the opposing forces. With 80 Cuirassiers, each armed with a pair of pistols, they had the ability to engage the enemy knights with 160 shots which was far more shots than necessary to eliminate the enemy knights. If fired at close range, it was more than enough to kill the riders or their horses. As such, his cavalry would be taking on the role of hunting down and destroying the enemy knights.

As for the infantry, they were led by Eckhard and the appropriate officers under his command. The militia musketeers were an effective force capable of reloading their muskets in a matter of seven seconds; they would approach the enemy forces while flanked by the pikeman, and open fire when they were within sufficient range to deal the most damage, then the pikemen would protect them while they reloaded and fired again. If necessary, they could fix their bayonets and aid the pikemen in melee battle.

This was the strategy with which Berengar had opted to go with; once his forces were ready for battle, he ordered the march on the enemy position.

"Forward march!"

While covered by the echo of the thundering guns and their explosive shells, Berengar personally led the cavalry in a slow trot towards the enemy cavalry; they would begin the full charge once they were in the range of the enemy knights. Luckily his cuirassiers were backed by the veteran knights; considering they were the newest branch of his army and had yet to be tested in battle, it was good to have the knights alongside them under the circumstances.

Before Berengar could even reach the enemy forces, the explosive shells of the artillery tore the lightly armored ranged forces of his enemy apart. Shrapnel filled the air, while the explosive blast shredded bodies, blood, and limbs flew across the field creating a chaotic scene of death. The whistle of the shells in the air was all that could be heard before the detonation claimed the lives of their enemies. Already the enemy forces began to panic; they had never witnessed such a terrifying sight before, they thought to themselves that the wrath of God had descended upon them. Luckily the Marshal was a veteran of many battles and quickly rallied his troops.

"Hold the line! Hold the Line!"

he called off to the men of his army who were being picked apart by artillery fire. Nevertheless, while saying prayers to themselves, they marched towards the direction of Berengar's forces. A decision that would ultimately be their downfall.

When the enemy Knights spotted Berengar's cavalry rushing towards their position, they began a full-scale charge. With the heavily armored knights on their backs, the trodding of horses in steel barding was enough to install fear into any average soldier. Still, Berengar merely gazed upon them with a sinister smirk as he gave the order to his own cavalry forces.

"Charge!"

His Cavalry forces greatly outnumbered the enemy's, and right when the two forces were about to clash with their lances, the 80 cuirassiers pulled out their pistols in both hands and pulled back the hammers on their flintlock mechanisms. The sound of 160 pistols going off in unison as their lead balls shredded the armor of the enemy knights was a spectacle to behold. In a single second, all but a few of the enemy knights fell from their horses, their lifeless bodies crashing against the ground like steel coffins. The remaining knights sat in shock upon horseback; however, they were completely run through by the enemy knights and their lances, ending their miserable lives before they could even react. Just like that, the battle had begun, and the most elite forces of the enemy were crushed beneath the heel of the Regent of Kufstein.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72: Overwhelming Victory
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The thunder of a thousand guns fired in unison echoed throughout the vicinity of the battlefield as the militiamen stood in their line formations a mere twenty feet away from the enemy infantry. The front line kneeled and aimed their muskets, while the second line stood above them with their muskets raised. Instantly the massive amount of lead flying downrange decimated the enemy forces. At best, the infantry of the enemy was equipped with a brigandine breastplate. However, such an obsolete piece of equipment could not protect the men wearing it from the devastating effect of the musket.

As the Militiamen quickly began to reload, the Pikemen standing nearby rushed forward and defended them as they rapidly reloaded their weapons. During the twenty seconds it took to reload, a sturdy pike wall was set up in front of the enemy, who desperately tried to barge through and attack the men behind it. After witnessing the defeat of their cavalry, they had no choice but to go all out. As such, a frenzied charge began as men threw themselves at the pike wall in an attempt to break through.

A single man clad in a mixture of brigandine and plate managed to storm past the pike wall with a sword in hand as the men around him were stuck like pigs by the massive length of the pikes. He quickly slashed at one of the militiamen who was reloading his weapon. However, before he could finish his attack, the militiamen dropped his activity and lifted his musket into the air with its bayonet affixed stabbing directly into the open bascinet of the soldier who dared to attack him instantly piercing through the man's eye and ending his life.

Scenes like this appeared across the pike wall; considering the importance of the militiamen and their hand cannons, the enemy's infantry did everything they could to prevent another volley from being fired off; after all, they doubted these man could quickly reload their weapons. Unfortunately for them, this was a miscalculation as most of the lines were fully reloaded and ready to fire again within a matter of seconds.

Before long, their weapons were once more aimed in the direction of their enemies, many of which had yet to recover from the shock of their front line being torn apart. The pikemen quickly fell behind the line of fire and waited for the second volley to go off. Within seconds the order to fire was given, and with Eckhard's command, another volley of thunderous gunfire riddled the enemy's lines. By now, much of the enemy force no longer dared to fight and began to route.

The enemy Marshal looked in horror as he witnessed his Lord's glorious army being gunned down in front of his very eyes. He had never before witnessed such an overwhelming defeat. Despite his forces being roughly on par with Berengar's in terms of numbers, they were quickly overwhelmed by the mysterious weapons in the hands of his enemy's well-trained soldiers. His knights were dead, his infantry's ranks were shattered, and what little remained of his archers had already begun to route.

As such, he quickly gave the command to retreat, as he yelled to whatever troops could still hear him.

"Fall back! Fall back to the Castle! Retreat!"

Unfortunately, his efforts were in vain as soon after the Marshal had given his command, Berengar's decree resounded throughout the air when he arrived with the Cavalry, who instantly crashed into the routing forces, cutting them down in the process. Still, considering he was on horseback the Marshal managed to escape the field of battle where he quickly fled back to the Castle to inform his Liege about the disastrous result of this battle.

"Give no quarter!"

With that command, the musketeers quickly dropped their reloading process and engaged in a massive bayonet charge. Nearly 2000 infantry armed with muskets which had their bayonets affixed and pikes quickly surrounded the routing forces of the enemy and reaped their lives away like wheat to the scythe.

The horrific display of the chaotic battlefield was enough to make one's stomach churn. The enemy forces were quickly encircled and pierced in the weak points in their armor by bayonet and pike alike. Berengar slashed down from horseback with his saber decapitating a soldier who was trying to attack him, he could not help but feel like this was where he was meant to be, leading his forces in a charge against his broken enemies. This was an absolutely humiliating loss to the Barony of Kitzbühel, whose surviving forces were quickly cut to ribbons.

After defeating the enemy army, his troops broke out into cheers and celebrations. The enemy army had been annihilated, with only a pile of corpses remaining from their ranks. Due to the archers being decimated at the start of the battle, and the heavy cavalry taken out early on, the most serious injury was some minor lacerations caused by the brave souls who were lucky enough to get past the pike wall. If this had been a larger army he was forced to fight, Berengar was unsure if he would get the same results. However, against an army of equal size, The weapons and tactics Berengar employed were too advanced for his enemy to even contend with.

The men within the ranks of the professional army were stupefied beyond belief at how effective the muskets were; these were obviously not ordinary hand cannons. If not for the fact that they were veteran soldiers with plenty of experience, they may have failed in their duty to protect the militiamen while they reloaded due to shock.

Berengar, on the other hand, was impressed with the performance. Once more, his victory was overwhelming. Who in this feudal era could contend with the power of steel and shot? While his troops were cheering, he reloaded his pistols while Eckhard approached him.

"Congratulations on another overwhelming victory, my Lord!"

Berengar smiled and accepted the gesture before staring down at Eckhard, who stood below his mighty steed.

"We may have won the battle, but the war is still waging. Get the army on the march; I want a siege camp built outside their Castle walls before dusk!"

With his orders being given out, the army quickly began to march into the nearby town, where they would begin the lengthy process of laying siege to the enemy's remaining forces hiding cowardly behind the Castle's walls.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73: Establishing a Siege Camp
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The enemy Marshal had made it back to Baron Guntrum and informed him of his massive defeat before the enemy forces had arrived in the town of Kitzbuhel. Baron Guntrum could not believe his ears as he listened to the near fantastical tale of how easily his armies were torn apart by Berengar's forces and the thunderous weapons they wielded.

"My liege, Our armies are defeated; the survivors of our forces are few in numbers and have already begun to flee the land. It will not be long before the enemy has us surrounded, and we are besieged! Tell me, sire, what are your orders?"

Baron Guntrum was still shocked by the news and truly did not know how to react to this situation. The best he could do was hope his walls could withstand the cannon fire of Berengar's artillery. After all, surely his marshal was exaggerating their effectiveness? After regaining his senses, Guntrum gave his decree.

"I want every man and child capable of bearing arms atop these castle walls defending it with their lives! If you have to, send the garrison into the village to gather the forces necessary to achieve this, and do it swiftly before the enemy arrives!"

For once in his life, the marshal wished his Liege would sue for peace. Unfortunately, he could not voice such concerns as his orders were already given; as such, the man quickly gathered the Castle's forces and rode into the village, conscripting anyone capable of bearing arms into their forces to defend the Castle's walls. It did not matter if they had never used a bow before; simply having the bodies necessary to launch missile fire at the enemy attackers was good enough for the Baron, who had grown desperate after his recent defeat.

Berengar rode atop the back of his mighty steed as he and his forces marched into the town of Kitzbuhel; the local castle lay in the hills above, overlooking the valley and the people within it, displaying the authority of the mighty overlord of the region. Berengar had no time to spare with securing the township and merely ordered his troops to move through it so they could set up a siege camp within the vicinity of the Castle. Sieges were long-lasting endeavors, but he figured he could bring down the large stone walls fairly quickly due to his superior firepower. As such, he barked commands at his troops who heeded his commands.

"I want a siege camp set up and fully fortified by Dusk! Make sure it is out of the range of enemy missile fire!"

Eckhard, who was marching in command of the infantry forces, quickly pounded his breastplate as he saluted Berengar while responding to his orders.

"It will be done, my Lord."

The local townsfolk who remained after the massive conscription which had just taken place quickly fled their homes as they saw the army arrive; they were frightful of the potential actions which the enemy forces would take against them now that their own had been defeated in the field of battle. Many women and children wept for the loss of their husbands, fathers, and sons, who were torn to shreds by the overwhelming might of Berengar's forces. Very few of the Baron's soldiers had escaped the wrath of their enemy. Those who were lucky enough to survive had begun to flee with their families towards one of the other villages in the Barony. After witnessing the frightening display of their enemy's power, they had no hope in rallying behind the Castle walls and successfully defending against the siege.

Berengar made sure his men were fully disciplined as they marched through the village. He had made it abundantly clear to his men beforehand that the people of this region were not to be mistreated, and as long as his watchful eye cast over them, they managed to behave themselves. Whether they would be able to maintain this degree of professionalism during a protracted siege was a different story. Berengar set his siege camp up just out of range of the enemy defenders. However, Berengar's forces were still in range of attack, and as such, they could successfully bombard the enemy defenders with cannons and rifles throughout the entire period.

The effective range was essentially a mere 300 feet, and their longbows had a maximum range of 328 yards. Even the once-mighty steel crossbow had a mere 380 yards of effective range. In comparison, the effective range of Berengar's cannons was roughly 1618 yards. His Long rifles, while in the hands of effective marksmen, were roughly 500 yards in range. As such, by placing their siege camp roughly 400 yards away from the enemy castle, they were able to effectively attack their enemy from dawn to dusk without a single enemy attack on their forces.

It took quite some time; however, the Siege Camp was fully set up and effectively fortified by the evening. The guns had been loaded and begun their bombardment; they would not stop until the next morning. The Napoleon-style 12 lb cannon was already a sturdy and robust cannon design in his previous life, mostly made of bronze. However, Berengar's cannons were made of high-quality steel, and as such, could withstand the pressures of a steady firing rate throughout the night. As such, the Thunder of guns echoed throughout the entirety of the night while the twelve-pound solid steel cannonballs battered the mighty stone walls of the enemy's castle, slowly chipping away at the enemy's defenses.

Those defenders unfortunate enough to get caught in the blast were torn apart by the enemy bombardment. Stone shards constantly spat out the areas affected by the continued bombardment and acted as shrapnel against the defending forces. Though it was only 12 guns, they were able to effectively bombard the enemy defenders to the point of suppressing them completely; even if they were within firing range of the defenders, those who lie behind the castle walls would not be able to cause much harm upon their foes. The might of steel and shot had shown itself as Berengar sat in his tent drinking from a goblet of wine. Tomorrow he would allow the cannoneers to rest and give his enemy a slight reprieve. He would resume his bombardment the following morning.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74: Throw them to the Wolves!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The dawn had risen, and Baron Guntrum and his family had not been able to get a wink of sleep. Instead, they were huddled in the great hall listening to the near-constant thunder of guns while shivering in fear. Baron Guntrum's 2-year-old daughter was particularly frightened by the thunder that echoed throughout the night and held onto her father's hand firmly.

"Daddy, I'm scared..."

The look on Baron Guntrum's face was not reassuring; after all, in his declaration of war, Berengar had promised to show no mercy to Guntrum or his family. If the walls crumbled and the enemy forces rushed into his keep, there was no chance of survival. As such, he had begun to regret his decision to provoke Berengar in the name of the Church. Why was God testing him in such a manner? What had he done to deserve this fate? Those were the questions the pious noblemen asked himself as the echoes of the cannons continued to bombard his castle.

However, shortly after praying to the Lord, the thunder of the guns had ceased; after waiting nearly half an hour for the bombardment to resume, there was still only silence from his enemies. As if his prayers had been Answered, Guntrum rushed outside to see for himself what was transpiring. After standing atop the walls, which had been greatly diminished by the night of bombardment, he could see the Besieging forces standing idly by in their siege camp below. He could not help but wonder if they had run out of munitions.

At the next moment, a small lead projectile whizzed past his face, and the thunder of the rifle which had fired it echoed in the distance. He quickly ducked below the ramparts and hid from the enemy fire. Just what kind of weapon was that? Seeing that his men were cowering in fear beneath the protection of the walls, he could not help but empathize with their pain. As such, he quickly returned to the keep, where he hid with his family once more, though the cannons may have stopped the hand cannons in which the enemies used posed a significant threat to anyone stupid enough to expose themselves.

...

Berengar was currently standing in the middle of his siege camp in front of three men who were stripped of their arms and armor and currently wearing nothing more than the gambeson they wore beneath it. These three men were of his father's forces, and they were currently bound and kneeling in front of him. During the night, these men had abandoned their posts and raided the local town; they had even raped a local teenage girl who was ever so slightly older than Adela, which Berengar found disgusting and unforgivable. However, they did not pull this off on their lonesome. Clearly, there were other people involved. However, only these three men were caught, and they were not willing to rat out their brothers in arms.

Berengar strode back and forth in front of the men and glared menacingly at them. His fury exuded from the very depths of his soul as he lectured the surrounding army, which was forced to bear witness to this scene.

"I have made my orders very clear, the local population are not to be harmed, and yet the three of you have disobeyed my orders. You abandoned your posts in the night to engage in raiding, raping, pillaging, and burning while flying the colors of my family! Do you have any idea how this makes me look, as the Lord and Commander of this army?!"

Standing next to Berengar was the little girl on which the three men had preyed upon; her family had remained in the region, along with a few of the more stubborn families who did not wish to leave their homes behind. After Berengar had heard about their crimes, he instantly had the men arrested and interrogated. Unfortunately, they were quite resilient and did not rat out any other members of his father's forces who had acted in a similar manner.

As such, Berengar was left with no further options and had gathered his army and the villagers alike to witness the upcoming scene. Berengar spat in disgust on the men bound before him and boldly declared for all to hear.

"As Regent of the Barony of Kufstein, and Commander of this army, I hereby find you three men guilty of War Crimes and sentence you to death by firing squad. May God have mercy on your souls..."

As such, Berengar motioned for his militia to drag the three men away to a safe area where they would publically execute the soldiers. While the men were tied up to posts and prepared for their execution, Berengar addressed his armies with a vicious gaze.

"Any one of you who is guilty of engaging in this activity in the future will be afforded the same punishment! I come to these lands as a conqueror, but that does not mean my army will act like a bunch of brigands! You will obey my orders, or you will face the consequences!"

The members of his militia were fully disciplined in the manner in which Berengar desired to conduct war. Against enemy forces, Berengar would allow virtually any use of force. He was also not afraid of civilian casualties if they were caught in a bombardment or assault of an enemy's position. His ruthlessness in his pursuit of victory could be considered War Crimes by the standards of the 21st Century in which he resided during his past life.

However, as far as Berengar was concerned, raiding, raping, murdering, and other crimes of the like which deliberately targetted unarmed civilian populations were absolutely unforgivable, especially when enacted against those he deemed to be children. Unfortunately for him, these things were common in this feudal era, especially during sieges, and his father's professional forces did not take his warnings seriously.

Berengar comforted the girl who had been violated by the men in his father's army as he crouched down and got into her line of sight.

"I know that no apology I could give you can make up for the crimes that you have endured under my watch. However, I hope you can find solace in the fact that justice has been dealt to the perpetrators..."

With this said, Berengar returned his attention to the public execution and motioned for it to proceed. The criminals were tied to posts, and a proper firing squad of a dozen men was formed as they raised their muskets. Eckhard personally gave the commands that led to the deaths of these men who were guilty of doing nothing more than what was a common occurrence in this primitive era.

"Ready! Aim! Fire!"

With the last command given, the thunder of the muskets echoed as their projectiles shredded the bodies of the men who were tied against posts and ended their miserable existence. Many of the soldiers from his father's army were shocked and outraged at Berengar's action. Until the moment it transpired they truly believed Berengar was just bluffing in an attempt to scare them into following his ludicrous ideas of civility in warfare.

The last orders Berengar gave before the gathered crowd would act as a permanent reminder to the men under his command as to the ruthlessness Berengar would enact upon those who failed to follow his orders.

"Throw them to the wolves!"

With that said, the criminals' corpses were cut down from the posts and left to rot in the wilderness; under Berengar's orders, they were not even afforded a proper burial...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75: Suing for Peace
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The remainder of the day was spent intimidating the garrison hiding behind the deteriorating stone walls of the Castle. Berengar had tasked his militia to keep an eye on his father's professional forces and report any suspicious activity to their NCOs. After the events that transpired during the previous night, Berengar was far more cautious about the behavior of the men beneath his command. Luckily for him, his message was obvious, and the knights and men-at-arms who comprised of his father's forces were thoroughly intimidated into following orders. They knew the militia were loyal completely to Berengar, and they did not have a chance of surviving if they mutinied. As such, the night was far more peaceful than the previous one.

As for Baron Guntrum and his forces, they continued to hide behind their walls, praying that Berengar's forces no longer had the capacity to bombard them. Unfortunately for them, when the sun rose the next day, the bombardment continued. The solid steel balls constantly battered the stone walls, and slowly but surely, they began to crumble. It was not until noon when the gates of the Castle were opened, and a man dressed in knightly plate armor-wearing the colors of house von Kitzbühel walked out from the entrance flanked by several guards. In his hands was a white flag of peace. After noticing this, Berengar ordered his artillery to cease their bombardment, grabbed a white flag of his own, and marched with his grenadiers to meet up with the man he presumed to be Baron Guntrum von Kitzbühel in between the siege camp and the castle.

When Berengar finally arrived in front of Guntrum, the man sighed heavily, he knew his castle walls would not hold out for long, the damage done to them would already cost a fortune to repair, his armies were defeated, his conscripts did not have the means to defend the Castle any longer, and he was waiting for the end of himself and his family, at least this way he could negotiate with Berengar for the survival of his family.

"I have come to negotiate the terms of my surrender!"

Currently, Berengar and his grenadiers stood across from Guntrum and his house guard. The scene of the early modern force, standing across from their medieval counterparts, would be one day be painted brilliantly and become a staple of German Culture. The painting would be titled "When Two Worlds Collide" and would display the overwhelming might of Berengar's rise to power. Of course, neither of the two men knew such a thing would occur in the distant future, and as such, they merely conducted themselves appropriately.

Berengar grinned at Guntrum, though he had stated he would act ruthlessly towards the arrogant Baron and his family during his declaration of war, it was all part of his negotiations. After all, the cost of rebuilding the castle and the resistance that would come to a new dynasty placed in authority by him was not something Berengar wished to deal with. What he wanted was Guntrum's subservience to subject him and his territory as a vassal state and to raise his family's status to a Viscounty as such; Berengar spoke with the authority and tyranny of a conqueror who would not accept anything other than an unconditional surrender.

"State your terms."

That is all that Berengar said as he looked coldly upon the once mighty Baron. This confused the man, but Guntrum tried to appear as if he was negotiating from a position of strength.

"I will give you back your steel and textiles. I will also offer you compensation for the cost of this war. In return, I want you and your men to leave this land and my family in peace."

Berengar gazed at Guntrum seriously before breaking out into laughter; after a few moments of awkwardness, he calmed himself down before saying his piece.

"You must be joking. You realize that if we continue as things are, your walls will collapse, and my men will storm your castle. At that point, I really will not spare you or your family's lives..."

Guntrum frowned at this response; he did not have a proper retort; he knew he could not effectively defend his keep for much longer. This was an overwhelming victory for Berengar, and Guntrum did not have the means to enforce his demands. As such, he asked Berengar in a slightly agitated tone.

"What is it that you desire from all of this?"

Berengar moved closer to Guntrum, which immediately alerted his guards; however, he maintained enough distance to maintain a degree of civility.

"What is it that I desire, you ask? I want you to accept your position as my family's vassal; I want to incorporate your territory into Kufstein and for my family's lands to be recognized as Viscounty with all of the status and prestige that comes with it. Now I can take this land by force, but in my opinion, there has already been enough bloodshed. You have two options; you can return to your castle and wait for your death alongside your family. Or you can submit to my rule and live to maintain your land under my sovereignty. It is time to choose..."

With Berengar's demands having been made, Guntrum was left with an ultimatum, one in which he knew Berengar could fully enforce. Either way, Kitzbühel would be incorporated into Kufstein; his choice would merely determined whether or not he and his family would live to preside over it. Being backed into a corner by the young Regent, Guntrum had no choice but to accept Berengar's conditions.

"Under these terms, I surrender to you... My Lord."

Berengar smiled as he clasped Guntrum on the shoulder as if he were an old friend before saying his piece.

"Swear fealty unto me, and I will accept your surrender."

Begrudgingly Guntrum kneeled before Berengar and spoke the Oath of Fealty

"I Baron Guntrum von Kitzbühel promise on my faith that I will in the future be faithful to the Viscount of Kufstein, never cause him harm, and will observe my homage to him completely against all persons in good faith and without deceit."

With these words spoken, the war that would be known to all in the future as the First Kufstein Border War was concluded, with Berengar and his family ascending to the title of Viscounts and doubling the territory under their dominion. This would be the first of many conquests the Tyrant of Steel would engage in on his path to becoming Emperor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76: Endorsement of Theft
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Over the course of the next couple of weeks, Berengar was tasked with incorporating Kitzbühel into his family's domain and going through the necessary procedures to declare his father Sieghard as the Viscount of Kufstein. Word quickly spread of Berengar's rapid conquest of the neighboring Barony, and the other feudal lords were left scratching their heads wondering how Berengar had managed to effectively force the Baron of Kitzbühel to surrender in under a week. Of course, as per the terms of surrender, Baron Guntrum and his surviving men were incapable of leaking information regarding Berengar's advanced weapons and tactics to anyone. As such, numerous theories came to be on how Berengar had achieved such a feat.

Count Lothar, who was Berengar's liege, was unhappy with the news; with Berengar's conquest, he had lost a direct Vassal. However, there was not much he could do about the situation as he was aware of his daughter's relationship with the young Viscount and had no way to punish him without gaining her disapproval. As a man tightly controlled by his desires to please his daughters, he dreaded such an outcome. As such, Count Lothar quickly recognized the results of the war and recognized Sieghard as the Viscount of Kufstein, even if he was currently still officially secluded in penance.

Berengar was swamped with work; not only did he have to provide proper compensation to the families who were affected by his men's war crimes, but he also had to incorporate many of his agricultural technologies into the new land. On top of this, he was spreading his propaganda to the people of Kitzbühel who already had a fairly positive image of him after he executed the criminals in his ranks.

While Berengar was managing the affairs of two whole Baronies now, Linde was hard at work expanding the spy network. She did not idly laze about while Berengar was off at war; she had made quite some progress in establishing new cells throughout the nearby Counties. She refused to be a pretty face for her man to make love to and instead supported Berengar in the best way she could.

Currently, she was at the tea shop where she normally conducted business with the local speaker, who just so happened to be Ludolf, the Deacon of the local Church. The man was close to becoming a fully ordained priest and was beginning his path to the reformation of the church.

"So, how is the sovereign?"

Linde drank from the tea in her cup as she entertained her subordinate's small talk.

"He's doing quite well. However, he is currently swamped overseeing the incorporation of the new territory, and as such, I have been rather lonesome."

Though Ludolf suspected Berengar and Linde's relationship, he really did not inquire about it, as he did not wish to know the personal life of Berengar, who he viewed as a complicated man, one who was blessed by God and destined to lead the German people to a bright future but had a fair share of vices that he felt uncomfortable with. One thing was certain, Berengar was no saint.

Ludolf passed over a letter on the table he had copied from the head Priest's files before speaking in a hushed tone.

"The Church is officially condemning Berengar's actions to invade and annex Kitzbühel. They are calling upon the local lords to form a defensive pact; if he makes another move, he will be beset upon from all sides by his enemies."

Linde scoffed as she placed down her teacup and looked at the letter in his hands. After reading it, she placed it down with disgust. The Church truly wanted to make things difficult for Berengar. In this letter, the Church openly demanded that the assets seized by Guntrum be handed over to the Church as they had already been promised as such by Guntrum, and as far as they were concerned, legally seized.

This created an area of conflict with Berengar's trade routes, as they were encouraging other regions to do the same; it is not as if Berengar had the power to go to war with every region that stole the product of his people's labor. Linde sighed heavily as she came to an unwanted conclusion about how to resolve these troublesome matters.

"I suppose I will have to contact that little girl..."

Ludolf looked at Linde with a gaze of confusion as he heard the irritation in her voice. Though he felt like he should not pry into her business, his curiosity got the better of him.

"What little girl?"

Linde snorted in displeasure; she felt uneasy just thinking about it, but now that the Church was instigating theft of Berengar's supplies, she had no option but to get her father and the father of her rival to work together to counteract the church's influence.

"Berengar's adorable little fiancee... If I can get Adela to convince her father to condemn the church's actions, two Counts will publicly oppose the Vatican and their open endorsement of theft. The threat of the armies of two counts will be more than enough to dissuade anyone foolish enough to try to seize Berengar's resources."

Ludolf nodded in agreement; what she said made sense; he could tell by Linde's frustrations that she was not particularly fond of Adela, and as such, he felt that his suspicions were confirmed. Nevertheless, he decided to try to mediate their conflict and suggested an alternative option.

"Why not get Berengar to ask for assistance? That way, she is more likely to comply."

Linde shook her head as she expressed her concerns.

"Berengar will never ask Adela for help; he's too proud to ask for her father's assistance in the matter. This is something that I will have to do personally. I only hope she's willing to read my letter instead of burning it the moment she sees my family's seal upon it."

Ludolf decided to steer away from this conflict among maidens after all and merely drank from his tea; he could tell by that statement alone that the two girls would likely never see eye to eye. Of course, in his eyes, it was obviously Berengar's fault for being greedy and wanting two beautiful young women by his side. Nevertheless, he somewhat envied Berengar, but as a man dedicated to God, he quickly squashed such notions before getting up from his seat.

"I will leave the remainder of the task to you. I have to get back to the Church..."

With that, Ludolf disappeared into the crowd, leaving Linde by her lonesome as she contemplated the best words to plead for Adela's assistance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77: A Fitting Name
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar currently sat in the dining room; the only two people present for this morning's breakfast were Berengar and Linde; as usual, his family was still fractured after Lambert's conviction. Berengar had not seen his father's or his sister's face in some time. Though Sieghard was officially declared a Viscount, and his territory had doubled, he was officially in isolation for penance. The good news about this was that Berengar could openly flirt with Linde without getting the stink-eye from his fellow family members. As Berengar snacked on a breakfast sandwich, he noticed the blue eyes of his darling little sister peering out from the corner of the entryway.

Evidently, the little girl was spying on him and Linde; though Berengar wanted to go over and greet her, he feared she would fly back to her room the moment she noticed she was spotted, like a scared little rabbit. As such, he continued to have a civil conversation with Linde about managing the realm's affairs.

"Has your father guaranteed safe passage for my trade routes within the County of Tyrol?"

Linde was gracefully dining on an omelet while she nodded her head; she only began to speak after she had swallowed her bite.

"Of course, my father will do whatever I tell him to do; he dotes on his daughter's far too much."

Berengar smiled and decided to shift the conversation to something more personal. After a few moments of silence, he finally asked in an awkward manner.

"So... What should we name the Child?"

This line of questioning instantly piqued Henrietta's curiosity which was not so subtly listening in on the conversation. On the other hand, Linde wiped her mouth with her napkin before putting a gentle smile on her doll-like face.

"If it's a boy, I was thinking of naming him after his father..."

Berengar smiled sadistically as he responded to her idea while she took a drink from her goblet of water. He could not help but tease his lover when the two of them were alone; even if Henrietta was watching, he did not mind embarrassing the poor lass.

"Oh, so you plan on naming him, Lambert?"

Linde nearly spat out her drink as she heard those words; she struggled to contain the liquid as she swallowed it down. After doing so, her face shifted into a furious glare as she scolded Berengar for his behavior.

"Don't even joke like that! You know I meant to name him after you!"

This news was shocking to Henrietta as she listened to Linde admit that her child was Berengar's; this invoked the inner fury of Henrietta as she already blamed Linde for Lambert's exile. Considering she was so young, Henrietta was not told that Lambert had attempted to kill Berengar. Instead, she was told that he voluntarily chose to join the Teutonic Order after changing his heart about his marriage with Linde. She may be young, but Henrietta was no idiot, she suspected something was going on between Berengar and Linde for quite some time, and now that it was confirmed, she was furious at the two of them.

However, despite the little loli's inner fury, she continued to listen to the conversation between the scandalous couple. Berengar, of course, was not fond of any of his children being named after him. He did not want a Berengar II chipping away at the Legacy he envisioned himself building in this world. He wanted people in the future to know and revere the name Berengar and immediately associate it with himself, much like they did to the name Alexander which belonged to the world's greatest conqueror.

As such, he came up with an alternative, one which was very dear to him as a man who had lived two lives. It was his father's name from his past life; as such, Berengar looked at Linde with a tender expression and grabbed ahold of her hand as he tried to convince her to name the child after his father from his past life.

"If it is a boy, how about we name him Hans? That name once belonged to someone very dear to me..."

Though Linde did not know who Berengart was referring to, by the look on his face, it was a bittersweet memory at best, and as such, she did not pry for information. She did not dislike the name, and as such, quickly agreed.

"A fitting name! But what if it is a girl?"

Berengar did not even need to think about it; he would name it after his mother from his previous life if it were a girl.

"Then we will name her Helga."

both of these names were acceptable to Linde, and as such, she smiled and nodded her head as she accepted the terms.

"That sounds good to me."

After hearing these things, Henrietta finally revealed herself with a pouting expression; she did not like that Linde was getting all of the attention from Berengar and quickly jumped into his lap while staring down Linde with a furious gaze. Berengar was taken aback by this action as Henrietta had not done such a thing in many years. Thus he felt slightly uncomfortable as she looked up at him with a pitiful expression.

"Big Brother, you have not come to visit me in so long!"

Berengar did not know how to react to this; indeed, he did not visit her while she was hiding away in her room and opted to give the little girl some space. However, he was dreadfully busy over the past few weeks managing the entirety of the realm, and as such, had no means to do so. He felt that he had no option but to pet her head and show her some affection, which he did as he chastised the girl for her behavior.

"You know Adela left, right? She was quite sad that you did not bid your farewells!"

A distraught expression appeared on Henrietta's face as she realized she was too depressed to say farewell to her friend and began to slam her tiny fists into Berengar's chest as she threw a childish tantrum.

"Why didn't you tell me!"

Berengar chuckled lightly before restraining the girl,

"Don't worry, her birthday is coming up soon, and we will go pay her a visit!"

Henrietta finally calmed down when she heard those words and began to smile for the first time in a long time. Just like that, Berengar spent the rest of his breakfast time doting on his little sister, much to the ire of Linde who sat silently and ate her meal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78: Lamberts Decision
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lambert was currently in the courtyard of the Castle of Malbork, where he was currently undergoing the brutal training to which the initiates of the Teutonic Order must adhere. Currently, he was sparring with many of his fellow initiates; the young men wielded blunt steel swords against one another as they fearlessly tried to gain the upper hand against their fellow initiates.

Joining the Teutonic Order was not the honor it had been centuries ago, in the eyes of the public outside of the German-speaking regions, they were seen as warmongers, spreading the views of Catholicism to the neighboring Orthodox Kingdoms by the tip of the spear. An action that greatly strained the relations between the two pillars of Christianity.

Currently, the Teutonic Order was in a war with the Grand Duchy of Moscow and, by extension, the Golden Horde, who were the Muscovites feudal overlords. A war in which they were faring quite well, however the need for new troops was constant, and as such, the Teutonic Order had begun taken in criminals as an attempt to fuel their endless Crusades in the North.

As such, Lambert was engaged in a sparring session with another initiate; the young man was an orphan adopted by the Teutonic Order many years ago and had been training within the castle for quite some time. Though he was talented, Lambert was far superior in the art of swordsmanship and easily bested the man as he dropped him to the floor with a murder stroke. After knocking the man to the ground, Lambert looked upon him with disdain before barking orders.

"Get up!"

however, the moment he did so, he felt a thump on the back of his head from the master of arms of the Teutonic Order, who quickly chastised him.

"Initiate! You do not give orders to your brothers! Nor do you use such force against them in a mere sparring session! As punishment for your actions, you will be cleaning the latrines after your training is over!"

By now, Lambert knew better than to protest. Despite being a man of Noble birth; none of that truly mattered in the Teutonic Order. To every Knight within this castle, he was considered nothing more than a criminal and a meager initiate who had yet to earn the right to bear the black cross of the order. As such, Lambert merely nodded before getting back to sparring.

Throughout the remainder of the session, he vented his frustration onto his sparring partners, resulting in the other young men greatly dissatisfied with Lambert and his unruly behavior. This past month since the boy had begun his exile, he had suffered constant humiliation at the hands of the established knights and had been greatly humbled in his duties. He hated every moment of his time spent here while blaming his brother and his ex-fiancee for his current circumstances. The only thing keeping him sane was the thought that one day he would gain his vengeance against those who had wronged him.

After the sparring session, Lambert began to clean out the latrines, it was an exceptionally filthy and degrading task, but it was a fitting punishment for his behavior. Lately, he had spent a lot of time doing menial tasks such as this. Though he was by far the most talented of the new initiates, his attitude made him unpopular and unlikely to make any new friends any time soon.

After finishing cleaning the latrines, he was approached by a couple of Knights; the one in command immediately gave him a summons.

"You have been summoned to the Great Hall! I suggest you make yourself presentable before you meet the Grand Master..."

Without allowing him time to reply, the Knights turned around and left; they had fulfilled their duties and no longer cared about what happened to the boy. Whether or not he heeded their advice was entirely up to him, and they had no desire to aid such a disorderly initiate any further than necessary.

Thus Lambert took a bath and put on a clean set of initiate's attire before approaching the Great Hall of the mighty Castle. After entering the great hall, he saw the Grand Master standing near the fireplace, reading a letter contained within his hands. This letter was from the Vatican and informed him of the many alleged misdeeds of Berengar since the young man had taken over the role of Regent in his father's lands.

When Lambert approached the Grand Master, the man turned around and stared at him intensely in silence. The Grand Master was an older man in his sixties; he was completely bald, with a large white beard and steel-gray eyes. He wore a set of plate armor in the appropriate style of the era with a white tabard on top of it, which had the golden and black cross of the Grand Master emblazoned upon it. The man looked at Lambert with a stern expression as he greeted the boy.

"So you are the second son who tried to murder his elder brother for the inheritance? It is a pity you failed; your brother has turned into a thorn in the Church's side; because of that, I just received a request from the Pope to invade your family's lands and annex them as a part of the Teutonic State..."

Lambert stood in shock as he heard this news, he did not know what events had occurred to his brother after he was exiled, but the Inquisition should have arrived by now. However, the fact that the Holy See had requested the Teutonic Order's intervention meant something extraordinary had happened over the past month. Lambert could not prevent himself from inquiring about the details.

"What happened?"

The older man placed down the letter in his hands on his desk and grabbed a chalice filled with wine as he began to drink from it; it was only after he had chugged the entire contents of the glass did he reveal the details of what had transpired.

"Your Brother has killed two members of the Inquisition. Afterward, he was excommunicated and declared a heretic. An action that should make a man think twice before engaging in any further wicked behavior. Yet I just received word that he has unlawfully invaded and annexed one of his neighbors, declaring his father, a Viscount under the newly established Viscounty of Kufstein. If that were not bad enough, the Baron of Kitzbühel had promised a substantial degree of raw materials to the Vatican as a gift, your heretic of a brother has now seized those resources, and he refuses to relent on the issue."

If the Church was good at one thing, it was propaganda, and in an area so far away from Berengar's influence, the only news about his actions came from the Church. They did their best to paint him as a villainous fiend whose very nature was antagonistic to the Church and their teachings. The Grand Master was completely unaware of the truth behind these events and, as such, chose to believe his masters' lies.

After hearing the events that had occurred over the past month in his family's lands, Lambert struggled to find the means to express himself, and in his brief moment of silence the Grand Master closed the distance between the two and gazed at him with a grave expression.

"At the moment, I do not have the men to spare to fulfill the Pope's request. However, that will not be an issue within a matter of months, so the question on my mind is simply this. Are you going to continue to throw a tantrum like a small child? Or will you take up the mantle of our Order and enact God's justice upon your heretical brother and the heathens who support him?"

Lambert had found himself at a crossroads; if he continued on his current path, the likelihood was that he would not be able to achieve his goals; however, if he started to behave himself and make an actual effort into joining the order, then climbing the ranks would be an easy task for someone like himself, as such Lambert decided to kneel before the Grand Master and pledge his servitude to the Order.

"I apologize for my actions Grand Master, and henceforth I will make every effort to make up for my mistakes. If God wills it, then one day I hope to be a part of the army which brings the Lord's judgment upon my wicked brother!"

As such, on this day, Lambert had truly begun to dedicate his heart and soul to the Teutonic Order and the hope that one day soon they could allow him to gain his vengeance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79: Infrastructure Initiative
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Currently, Berengar was within the domain of his father's study finalizing the blueprints for the City he envisioned to be his Capital, the City of Kufstein. He had been hard at work on this project for well over a month at this point, seeing as it was something he mainly worked on in his spare time, he had yet to finish it; until now, that is.

As the Town of Kufstein became increasingly more urbanized due to Berengar's agricultural reforms, Berengar found his people suffering from a serious concern. Despite the fact that they were being paid exceptionally well and were no longer bound by the land owned by the feudal lords. The common people of Kufstein were forced to endure terrible conditions of slums and squalor. Considering Bernegar was the kind of man who despised forcing people into such destitution, he had to come up with a new plan to resolve these issues.

Luckily for him, he held almost absolute power in the region and had a substantial treasury built up from the lucrative steel and textile trade. Considering he had just finished making plans for the City of Kufstein, Berengar decided to put them into action and break ground on the construction of a grand city deserving the title of capital of Kufstein.

As he labeled it, this grand Infrastructure Initiative was designed to reconstruct the region into a thriving metropolis. The first critical component of this initiative was sanitation, where he planned to have city-wide sewers and plumbing where the waste would go through a sewage treatment facility and eventually flow into the local river. There would also be cisterns that could provide fresh and clean water into the homes of every citizen.

The second critical component of this initiative was to build affordable housing in large apartment complexes; these apartment complexes would be built in the traditional half-timber style. If he was going to build a city, it was going to be an aesthetically pleasing city. Of course, each apartment would be outfitted with its own ceramic tub and toilet connected to the city's plumbing system.

The third component of this infrastructure initiative was focused on defense. With civil war looming on the horizon, Berengar needed a way to defend his population properly. He was more than happy to introduce a complex set of city walls based on the star fortress platform of the renaissance and early modern period from his previous life. However, unlike the walls made throughout the history of Berengar's past life, his would be made out of steel-reinforced concrete, which was a much more resilient construction method than the traditional stone walls that would normally come to be.

A Star Fortress was essentially what it sounded like. It was a fortress designed in the days of the renaissance to combat cannons' effectiveness and commonality, which would prove to be the death blow to the old medieval castle designs. Essentially the city would be built out of a polygon split down the middle by the Inn river. At the edges of the wall would be a series of pointed fortifications called bastions that eliminated blind spots and allowed defenders to fire upon besiegers from all angles. Above these bastions would be cavaliers, a raised structure built entirely inside the bastion that acted as a secondary line of defense, allowing more cannons and musketeers to defend the same section of the wall.

Below the bastions would be a series of ditches filled with water, which was similar to a moat in design, which would make the city virtually impossible to lay siege to fully. The design was based upon many years of fortification knowledge that Berengar had gained from his time studying at Westpoint to be an army engineering officer. In this era, no army could successfully lay siege to such a well-fortified city.

Fourth and finally, he needed to construct a comprehensive set of roads between all the major inhabited regions of his territory and elected for the roman method of road construction. This would certainly be an expensive endeavor. However, he could afford such luxuries, and as such, Berengar had immediately begun the process of constructing his grand city.

At the moment, Berengar was walking through the town in which he currently presided over on his path to Ludwig's workshop, which was now his office space within the industrial district. He noticed the filth and squalor his people lived in and could not help but wish to speed up time, so they no longer had to endure these conditions. Luckily for him, his plans were complete, and he would soon break ground on the project. The people only had to endure these conditions for a little while longer.

Berengar boldly walked through the doors to Ludwig's office and began speaking with the old man in the steel factory about the production of galvanized steel piping to construct his plumping system. If the steel was properly submerged in molten zinc, it could create a relatively rust-proof layer which would be essential for the construction of his plumping system.

"What do you think Ludwig, is it possible?"

Ludwig stared at the details of Berengar's plans and felt a headache growing in the back of his skull. The old man sighed heavily as he looked at Berengar like he was a mad man.

"Is it possible? Absolutely, however, it is going to be incredibly expensive to do this."

Berengar clasped Ludwig on the should and smiled before reassuring his old pal.

"Don't worry, I can cover the costs; this is not some venture that will be completed in a matter of months but will be an ongoing effort over the coming years. As long as it is possible, then I don't care about the cost."

Ludwig could not help but admire the effort and expense Berengar was willing to go to to ensure better housing and sanitary conditions for his people. Truly there has never been a more benevolent Lord, or so the old man thought. Ludwig could only imagine how hard Bernegar had worked on the budget to ensure his vision of a grand city would become a reality.

Ludwig sighed and accepted Berengar's enthusiasm for the project.

"Alright, I'll get it done; after all, we currently have a surplus of steel that is sitting in a bunch of warehouses waiting for such a grand project. It would be a shame to let it all go to waste."

Berengar smiled as he thanked Ludwig for his assistance

"Good, if you will excuse me, I have many different people to contact to begin the construction of this project of mine."

With that, Berengar left Ludwig behind and contacted the remaining subordinates on his list to begin constructing the grand infrastructure initiative, which would later become the basis for how all German Cities would be designed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80: Revelation of Corruption
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks passed and Berengar was, of course, busy overseeing the construction of his grand city and also managing the affairs of the realm at large. Linde continued to manage her spy network, and Eckhard continued to train the troops. Everything was running smoothly as far as Berengar was concerned.

In this time nothing major happened, though there were some minor improvements to Berengar's overall plans. For example, today was the day Ludolf finally became an ordained priest. As such he was kneeling in the church at Innsbruck where the local Bishop conducted his ordination. The ceremony was nothing extravagant, and it was soon over.

When the Bishop of Innsbruck finished the ceremony he began to speak to Ludolf, having no way of knowing that he was already in Berengar's camp.

"Ludolf, I must say you have your work cut out for your working in that godless territory."

This struck a nerve with Ludolf as the land he was currently residing in was referred to as godless by the Bishop simply because he disagreed with Berengar's policies. As such he immediately defended it.

"Godless? What makes you refer to Kufstein as Godless?"

The Bishop smiled in with a condescending look as he chastised Ludolf for his naivety.

"Good Ludolf, I know you have sympathies towards the people of the region, but the Regent who currently commands them is a Heretic, excommunicated and damned as such by the Pope himself. Clearly, the people's souls are suffering under such a wicked tyrant. It is up to you to lead the people of Kufstein to the light of God. Thank goodness we will not have to put up with that heretic for much longer."

The last portion of the Bishop's lecture caught Ludolf by surprise, this meant there was clearly a plot underway against Berengar and as such he decided to dig deeper into the Bishop's meaning.

"I'm sorry, I'm afraid I don't understand what you mean by that? Why will we not have to put up with Berengar much longer?"

The Bishop thought he was talking to someone on his and the Vatican's side and as such had no qualms about discussing their conspiracy behind closed doors.

"Why because of the Teutonic Order of course!"

Ludolf was visibly confused as he heard the Bishop's orders, as such he explained the entirety of the situation to Ludolf who listened intently.

"As you may be aware the Teutonic Order is currently at war with the Grand Duchy of Moscow, however, they have a plan to wipe the floor with those damned Rus and install the power of the Holy See over their Patriarch. As such within six months to a year, they will be free to bring their wrath down upon the Heretics in Kufstein and annex the territory as an area of the Teutonic State. Surely the control of the territory will return to God's favored son of the von Kufstein family at that time!"

Ludolf was shocked, but he clearly understood what the Bishop meant by that, as such he had to ask the question on his mind.

"Does the Pope know about this?"

The Bishop merely broke out into laughter thinking that Ludolf was joking before noticing the serious expression on his face.

"Who do you think requested the aid of the Teutonic Order in this endeavor?"

If previously Ludolf had any doubts about the extent in which the Catholic Church was rotten they no longer existed. Truly the entire Catholic Church was filled to the brim with corruption, and he could no longer stand by it. Now that he was a properly ordained priest he would take action. He had thought about everything Berengar had told him about the Church and was certain now that everything he said was the truth. When he returned home to Kufstein he would quickly get to an academic disputation of the church and its corruption he would be sure to post it on the door to the Church of Kufstein and have Berengar print it with his printing press so that it could be distributed to all learned readers across the German-speaking regions.

However, at the moment he was surrounded by enemies and had to play the part of a loyal subject, as such he quickly smiled and nodded to the Bishop's response

"Of course, I was merely curious. I hope Berengar gets what he deserves."

As such the two communicated for a long while over a few glasses of communion wine, the revelations he heard from the bishop now that he had become an ordained priest only increased his resolve to publically condemn the church. Embezzlement was the least of the Church's crimes, they had done truly unspeakable things in the past, and the Bishop let loose all of the details in which he was privy to after having more than his fair share of wine. Loose lips sink ships, and after a few drinks, the Bishop was more than willing to share anything in which Ludolf asked.

Ludolf quickly came to the realization that The institution he had once looked up to as the beacon of hope in a terrible world was utterly corrupted to the core, and it would take a miracle to save it. Berengar was right all along, though the two had debated over the extent to which the corruption of the church reached, he had always seen Berengar as a benevolent ruler, and kind man to those who deserved it. Ludolf had always justified Berengar's more ruthless actions as bringing the judgment of heaven onto the wicked, even when the inquisitors were executed he did not bat an eye. Yet now he was fully convinced that Berengar's ideals were 100% correct and needed to be preached by a proper priest. Little did he know that he was playing exactly into Berengar's hands.

Berengar had long since desired to use Ludolf to be the Martin Luther of this world and to usher in the protestant movement. Something which would give Berengar a valid casus belli to seize the territories of the German world for himself after he came to power in Austria. After all the Catholics would never let an openly protestant state exist, and through the might of science and engineering, Berengar would bring down the influence of the Church over the German people and instate his own, one which would serve his interests.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81: Gaining the Counts Support
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Adela was currently in her room playing with a letter in her hands, debating whether or not she should read its contents. On this letter was the seal of house von Habsburg-Innsbruck and she knew of only one member of that family who would ever write to her. Obviously, this letter contained the words of Linde, though what it contained the young girl did not have the heart to find out. She was fearful it would contain the truth about the parentage of Linde's child as a way to mock her now that she was away from Berengar's company.

After some time, Adela decided to open the letter and, after doing so, read through its contents with an anxious outlook. It was only after she had re-read the letter three times did she fully relax; she realized that she had been completely overthinking things and that she should have opened it sooner.

The letter contained Linde's plea to unite their families against the Church's ploys to interfere with Berengar's trade. It did not contain a single spiteful comment by Linde and actually encouraged them to get along. However, there was a certain sentence that made Adela mildly upset. Her sight caught onto it and re-read it constantly for nearly ten minutes, and the passage was as follows.

"For the man we both love, I see no reason that we can not unite and do our best to aid him in his hour of need."

Though Linde had always hinted about her feelings towards Berengar, and Adela indeed suspected there was a relationship between the two, at this point, Linde was outright admitting it in this letter. Adela could not help but sigh and pout as she rested her cheek in the palm of her hand while expressing her thoughts aloud.

"Why did I have to fall in love with a womanizer like you?"

There was nobody in the room to hear her, and as such, she merely sat in silence thinking about all the great memories she had made with Berengar over the past few months. She greatly desired to see him again, but unfortunately, her birthday was not for another month. However, despite knowing about Berengar's actions, she was not angry and instead decided to aid Linde in helping Berengar; as such, she quickly rushed to her father, who was in the middle of his study.

Count Otto was going over the ledger containing the steel reserves he had amassed from trade with Berengar; at this rate, he would soon be able to supply his armies with the best equipment. Like Sieghard had envisioned, his armies would be equipped mostly with a brigandine and steel plate mixture. As such, he was currently signing orders to produce such equipment when he heard a knock on his door. He quickly announced that the door was unlocked.

"It is open."

After hearing such words, Adela opened the door and approached her father with a serious expression. Adela was the youngest of Otto's daughters and the one he doted on the most. If not for the dire need of iron, he never would have engaged his favorite daughter to her once sickly cousin; instead, he would find her a prince. However, the engagement turned out for the best as Berengar proved to be quite the capable young man and had turned a massive amount of iron into steel, which was practically a miracle in this medieval world. The couple also seemed to be greatly fond of one another, so it worked out for the best.

After Adela arrived in the room, she quickly spouted out her thoughts to her father

"Berengar is in trouble!"

This struck a nerve with Otto as he was unaware of such things; in fact, now that Berengar ruled over both Kufstein and Kitzbühel in his father's stead, the young man should be doing better than ever, as such he questioned what exactly his precious daughter meant when she said that.

"What do you mean?"

Adela was unhesitant as she quickly explained the situation to her father.

"The Pope has issued a decree openly endorsing the theft of his trade; Berengar does not have a reputation fearsome enough to dissuade his neighbors from engaging in such acts, let alone the territories between our land and his. If we do not issue a public statement backing him, then I'm afraid we will no longer be able to get the steel we require for the army."

Count Otto was outraged when he heard this news; he immediately questioned in his own mind as to why he was not informed earlier. After thinking things through he let loose his inner thoughts about the papacy and their constant interference into the secular realm's affairs.

"Why is it that the Pope always has to stick his nose into the business of the nobility. This is outrageous. I will immediately publically denounce such a statement and stand by Berengar's side. I will also encourage my allies to do the same and make it clear what will happen if anyone dares to steal my shipments!"

Adela was elated by the news and ran up to her father and hugged him with joy.

"Thanks, daddy!"

after saying that, she left the man behind in his study alone with his own thoughts. After Adela had disappeared beyond his door, the count pulled out a chalice and a flagon of wine and began to drink from it before sighing out loud.

"Damnit Berengar, I know the Church is full of shit, but you just had to execute two of their fucking inquisitors. I won't be able to protect you from everything, but this is the least I can do to honor our alliance."

As such, he quickly pulled out a piece of parchment and his quill. Where he began to draft a public decree of condemnation against the Church and their public endorsement of theft, labeling it a violation of the ten commandments and unbecoming of the Vatican and the Pope who was God's representative on Earth. After doing so, he had it spread far and wide so that anyone with half a brain could realize that provoking Berengar and his alliances with two Counts was a terrible idea. Ultimately this decision would help lead to the German Schism with the Catholic Church, which was on the horizon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82: Recruitment Drive
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Word eventually reached Berengar of the Papacy's ploy to have him removed from power by the Teutonic Order and to place his brother Lambert in control after the region had been annexed. After all, Ludolf had immediately contacted Berengar's burgeoning spy network in Innsbruck and had them send word to Kufstein about such a conspiracy. Berengar knew that sparing his brother would come back to bite him in the ass, but for the sake of his mother, he had done so. A decision which he deeply regretted at this point. The Teutonic Order was no small force, and with his current armies, he had little chance of defeating them, as such had no choice but to boost his recruitment efforts for his militia. Ultimately he had decided to incorporate the militia and the professional army directly under his father's command into a united unit, and train them appropriately. As far as his father's forces when he was called off to war were concerned, Berengar would hire a group of mercenaries to fight alongside the Viscount.

Aside from completing his Artillery Battalion and raising a larger group of Cuirassiers, Berengar had done little in recruitment. However, with access to double the population he once had, he now knew that he had to begin using the Barony of Kitzbühel and its large population to fill his ranks. But first, he had to make one innovation which he had revised after the successful campaign against Kitzbühel.

As such, Berengar once more visited Ludwig's office with a new set of blueprints in hand. When he arrived, the old man was quick to greet his Lord.

"Milord, I was not expecting your visit. Is there anything I can help you with?"

Berengar did not say a word and merely laid the designs he had drafted on the table for Ludwig to see. It was a new sword design, based entirely on the 1788 British Heavy Cavalry Sword from his past life. If there was one thing that the conflict with Kitzbühel taught him, it is that the single-edged design of the Dusack was less effective against the heavily armored forces of the late medieval period. As such, he had to rethink the swords used by his cuirassiers, and searching through his memory, he found this gem.

The blade of the sword was 38 inches in length and was had a full edge on one side, with a half-edge on the upper half of the other side. It was a weird mixture of a backsword, and a broadsword, allowing for efficient cuts and thrusts and some more obscure attacks like the reverse slash. The hilt was almost like a basket-hilt, but not quite; with a completely symmetrical guard that covered the entire hand, there was just enough space to allow for the full rotation of the wrist, making it both incredibly versatile and ambidextrous. The blade was more than tapered enough to get through the gaps in medieval plate armor, and as such, was the superior weapon for his cavalry forces. Luckily his cuirassiers were little in number, and as such, he had not heavily invested into their dusacks.

Even Ludwig was impressed by the design and asked about Berengar's intentions.

"This is?"

Berengar grinned with pride as he clasped Ludwig's shoulder

"The new sword for my Cuirassiers!"

Ludwig could not help but sigh; every time Berengar visited him, it was either for drinks or to produce new designs. Though he had more than enough manpower to do such a thing, especially with the mass implementation of water-powered technology like the trip hammer, it just meant more work on his platter. He was already swamped with all of the production lines he was currently overseeing. After realizing he was merely switching the production of the dusacks to these cavalry swords, he felt as if it really was not as big as a deal as he was making it and thus could not help but accept it.

"Alright, I'll see it done. It is a mighty fine blade after all..."

Berengar slapped Ludwig on the back before complimenting him

"You always know how to make me happy Ludwig, how about we go out for drinks tonight at the tavern?"

Ludwig could not help but smile

"Sure, I'll be there."

afterward, Berengar left him behind and went to his paper factory, where he encountered the men hard at work. The head of the factory quickly greeted him.

"Milord, it is an honor to have you here."

Berengar was used to the man's over-enthusiastic attitude at this point and quickly cut to the chase.

"I need some recruitment fliers for the militia made. Here is the basic design."

As such, Berengar handed the man a recruitment flier that he had personally designed and left the rest up his factory and the many printing presses they had within it. The foreman quickly responded to Berengar's request.

"I will have it done, Milord."

With that, his spy network would spread his recruitment fliers across Kufstein and Kitzbühel to act as a means to recruit many volunteers. He would not come to realize how effective his propaganda would be until later than the month when the number of recruits willing to join the militia raised significantly. After all, the people of Kitzbühel were well aware of how effective his forces were, and now that Berengar ruled over them in his father's name, much more disillusioned youth were more than happy to join such an elite force. Soon enough, his armies would be substantially larger, a force that a mere Viscount would not normally have under his command.

Thus Berengar's militia would soon drastically increase in size; by the time the Teutonic Order invaded his domain, they would be met with a rude awakening as such Berengar spent the rest of his day continuing on his daily tasks of overseeing the many aspects in which he was entrusted as Regent of Kufstein. He seriously began to wonder if his father was still alive. It had been quite some time since the old man went into seclusion, and though Berengar was happy that he was finally able to accomplish so much, he was apprehensive about his father's health. As such, he vowed that he would take some time in the following day to check up on the old man and try to cheer him up. After all, he had been far too busy to maintain his familial affairs as of late.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83: A Fathers Grief
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar awoke bright and early once more; with his lover by his side, he could not help but smile at the shining of the dawn upon their gentle embrace. However, now was not the time to entertain his little pet. Instead, he quickly got out of bed and began to begin his daily exercise. Today consisted of mainly cardio; as such, he went for his daily run before engaging in swordplay with Eckhard. By now, he was at least competent enough with the sword to survive in a fight on the battlefield.

Today was not a sparring day. Instead, he drilled intensely, getting the proper movement of attacks and defensive positions engrained into his muscle memory; after nearly two hours of learning swordsmanship, Berengar retired to the bath where he cleaned himself before visiting his parents chambers.

Berengar arrived at the door of his family's chambers, where he knocked upon it several times before his mother opened the door. She had a look of worry on her face as she glanced upon Berengar before dragging him into the room and shutting the door behind. Shocked by his mother's actions, Berengar could not help but question her motives.

"Mother, what is going on?"

Gisela did not say much and merely led Berengar to the bedside where his father was resting, it had been over a month since he last saw the man, and his condition had changed for the worse during this time. The old man truly looked as if he had aged ten years, his hair which was starting to grey in the past, had greatly progressed in that matter, and his face was gaunt with malnutrition adding to his age. Evidently, the man had been fasting heavily and repeatedly praying to the Lord for guidance. Yet, all such actions managed to achieve was deal a significant blow to his health; he now looked worse than Berengar did when he first arrived in this world.

Berengar looked at his father with a great sense of guilt; if the old man was this bad after having exiled his son, then Berengar did not want to imagine his condition if Lambert had been executed for his crimes. As a dutiful son Berengar took responsibility for this and approached Sieghard, lying in a state of depression on his bed. After grabbing hold of his hand, Berengar spoke to his father, informing him of some of the good news that had happened over the last month or so.

"Father! I want to inform you that you are now a Viscount! Due to a border conflict with Kitzbühel, I have successfully conquered them, forced Baron Guntrum into your vassalage. As far as Lambert is concerned, I have received news that he fits nicely in the Teutonic Order and will soon take his vows. There is no reason to be suffering so much; the boy will surely redeem himself in the eyes of the Lord soon enough!"

Berengar did not have the heart to tell his father that he was engaged in a serious conflict with the Church and that he had been excommunicated and condemned as a Heretic. Nor did he have the desire to inform the old man that the Teutonic Order planned to march on their lands within 6 months to a year in an attempt to depose himself as Regent and annex the territory allowing Lambert to rule over it under the Banner of the Teutonic State. If the man heard such terrible news, he might literally die of a broken heart, and Berengar could not bear to witness such a thing.

Sieghard smiled for the first time in a long time as he heard the news; it brought a brief sense of respite from the crippling guilt he felt for failing his sons as a father. He spoke weakly to Berengar with an affectionate smile.

"A Viscount, huh? I suppose that is good news for you, my son, soon enough, you will inherit my lands, and you deserve far more than ruling over a lowly Barony like I was able to provide for you. I regret that I will not live to see your wedding..."

Berengar could not help but tear up as he heard these words; his father had truly given up on life, at the rate he was going, he would not even make it to the war to which he had been so desperately looking forward to. Nor did Berengar believe that Sieghard even cared for such a thing at this point. He tried to give meaning to the old man's life in any way he could; as such, he thought about Linde's pregnancy and tried to urge his father to care about that.

"Father, do not speak in such a manner; you will soon be a grandfather. Do you not wish to wish to gaze upon the sight of your first grandchild after it has been born?"

With this, Sieghard merely scoffed and returned to his depressed state as he stopped looking at Berengar and returned his gaze to the ceiling of the cold stone room. He voiced his concerns aloud, not caring how Berengar would feel about hearing them.

"Pfft... A bastard child, the result of which will forever be a reminder of my failure as a parent. One of my sons conspired to murder his elder brother, and the other impregnated his younger brother's fiancee. What a masterful job I have done raising you boys..."

Berengar's plan to cheer up his father had completely backfired so spectacularly that he had sent his father into a further state of depression; Berengar could understand his father's grievances with his relationship with Linde. At this point He was just happy that Sieghard was unaware of how his relationship with Linde came to be; if the old man was aware that it was the result of yet another plot against his life by Lambert, he might actually die on the spot.

As such, the young Regent could not help but sigh in response to his father's state. There was truly nothing he could do; he was not socially adept enough to properly comfort his father through his sense of overwhelming guilt and grief. His one attempt to do so had just managed to make his father feel worse about the whole situation. He may have just caused several weeks to be taken off his father's life. Berengar needed to find something that could give the old man some hope, and quickly. If not, he feared the reaper would take his father from him far earlier than he should.

Before leaving the room, Berengar expressed his empathy for his father while choking back the anger he felt at himself for being so socially inept when comforting others about serious issues.

"Get well soon, father..."

With that said, Berengar departed from his father's room with a sense of defeat. He did not know how to fix this situation, and all that he could manage was to throw himself into his work to avoid the sense of despair that had begun to take hold of his heart as he thought about the hopelessness of his father's current state.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84: Discussing Defense
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After leaving his father's quarters, Berengar returned to the dining room where he ate breakfast; once more, Linde and Henrietta were at the table; however, this time, the two girls were far more cordial with one another. Berengar did not know what Linde had said to Henrietta, but they appeared to be on better terms than before; at the very least, the little girl no longer seemed to pin the blame of Lambert's exile on Linde.

While snacking on some wurst, Linde could not help but ask about Berengar's visit to his father, which put him in a difficult spot, if Henrietta were still secluded, he might be able, to tell the truth of the matter, but with the little loli innocently snacking on breakfast sausage he could not very well inform both of them to the severity of his father's condition. As such, he merely shrugged his shoulders and said the least dishonest thing he could think of.

"I have done all that I am able..."

Though Henrietta was too engrossed in enjoying her breakfast to notice Berengar's solemn expression, Linde immediately picked up on it and could tell that things were not going well for the von Kufstein family, especially for the head of the household. She felt bitter after seeing that helpless expression on Berengar's face, knowing full well that if there were nothing he could do, then anything she might attempt would only worsen things. After all, Berengar's parents did not exactly accept their relationship, even if they tolerated it.

As such, she snacked on her breakfast in awkward silence. Berengar, on the other hand, gazed deeply into his flagon of milk, which he desperately wished to be wine. However, he had more than enough self-restraint and forcefully deterred himself from resorting to morning drinking as a way to quench his sorrows. He preferred the slightly more healthy alternative of throwing himself into his work. As such, he quickly steered the conversation into a path more favorable for him.

"The construction of the city walls is underway. Soon enough, Kufstein will be a city like no other, it might take a couple of years to achieve fully, but ultimately the designs I have planned will usher in a new age of security and prosperity for the German people!"

Linde had witnessed his grand plans and was excited about such a proposition. It was truly an extraordinary design, and she had no idea how Berengar kept coming up with such revolutionary ideas. She greatly admired his intellect and his approach to problems. Though she felt he was spending too much money to make the common people's lives better. The defenses she could understand, but the advanced plumbing system and the complex apartments would come at great cost, and even if he rented the apartments out at a fair price as he planned, it would take quite some time to recoup his losses.

As a woman who grew up in the privileged family of the higher nobility and was greatly spoiled in her formative years, some things like snobbery were hardwired into her DNA. As such, Linde could not understand Berengar's benevolent attitude towards the commoners. Though she did not understand it, she did not look down upon it; she figured Berengar's benevolence to his people was one of his better qualities. If he was a completely ruthless sociopath who only cared for himself, she figured she would never have fallen for him to the depths in which she had.

Knowing that her lover's plans were progressing well made Linde feel happy, even if she felt he was spending too much money on the happiness of the commoners, as she smiled and congratulated Berengar on the current success of his grand infrastructure initiative.

"That is excellent news; I can't wait to witness the City's defenses once they are completed. Your designs are impressive, to say the least."

Henrietta looked up from her plate at the couple with a gaze of confusion, she had no idea what Bernegar was planning, nor the ludicrous amount he was spending daily on such plans. She lived a carefree life completely devoid of any thoughts regarding the realm's future and its prosperity. However, the term city and walls brought a minor degree of interest to her; as such, she could not help but question what Berengar was planning. Her azure eyes twinkled with excitement as she questioned her big brother about his supposed plans.

"What city? Walls? What are you talking about?"

Berengar could not help but smile at the innocent look on his little sister's face. It greatly calmed his nerves about the issues with his father's rapidly deteriorating health. As such, he decided to spoil the girl with information about his extravagant project.

"I'm currently transforming the town into a full-fledged city; with the increase in urbanization, a lot of the locals live in horrible conditions; as such, I have plans to alleviate those concerns, and build a strong defensive barrier around the city!"

Though Henrietta did not understand half of the words Berengar had used, she felt as if it was something extraordinary as such; she smiled and congratulated Berengar on his progress.

"Good job!"

She said while raising her thumb in approval. Though she would later come to realize just how effective Berengar's plans were, it would not be for some time before she came to such a conclusion. For now, the little girl merely enjoyed her food as Berengar and Linde continued their discussion about topics that bored her. After finishing her meal Henrietta looked up at Berengar with a cute expression; considering he was now sitting at the head of the table, it would be considered rude to run off without his permission.

"Big Brother, may I please be excused?"

Berengar smiled and nodded, allowing the little loli to flee off to her room to play with her toys. Completely unaware that she was missing a discussion about the construction of monumental advancements in defensive technology that would one day come to dominate the cities of the future German Empire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85: Have you no Shame?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days had passed since Berengar visited his father, and he was currently sitting on the seat of power in Kufstein, where a messenger rushed in and handed him an intelligence report. The report contained the joint public denunciation of the Church's endorsement of theft against Berengar's trade by Count Lothar of Tyrol and Count Otto of Steiermark. The counts were quite gutsy in their rebuking of the Church. They even went so far as to declare that the Pope was advocating for the people of Austria to break the 7th Commandment, as such this event caused quite a stir in the Christian world, as a proclamation by the Holy See condemning a Heretic turned into quite the scandal as there were plenty of lords, priests, and bishops who agreed with the two Counts and their joint declaration.

Surprisingly several Orthodox Patriarchs came out and Condemned the Pope, especially the Patriarch of Moscow who's territory was currently at war with the Teutonic Order, a Catholic military order which had invaded their lands to convert the Christians within them to the Catholic variety, which was a great point of contention between the Catholic and Orthodox churches at the moment.

Berengar read the report with a wide grin; he did not know how Adela had heard about this relatively mundane matter, but he was thankful for her support; he was completely oblivious to the fact that Linde had set this up behind his back, but even if he did know he would not be angry as this only caused a further rift in the Christian world, in which Ludolf would be able to exploit soon enough.

Speaking of Ludolf, the man was currently working on a scholarly paper written about the corruption of the Church and thought it would take some time to compile the evidence into a collection of cohesive theses; he had little doubt that soon enough, the Christian world would turn on itself. He began to wonder how his actions would affect the Council of Constance in this timeline.

As he was going over these details, Linde walked in, saw the large smile on his face, and inquired about the reason for his pleasant mood.

"What has made you so happy?"

Berengar chuckled lightly as he placed his paper to the side and turned his attention to his beautiful lover, who by now was starting to show physical signs of pregnancy.

"Nothing much; I just love seeing my enemies at each other's throats."

As his spymaster, he had given her maternity leave as her pregnancy had progressed, and she was mostly resting about enjoying a slothful life. As such, she was unaware of the ongoing schemes in the background. However, when he said such things, she could estimate what had happened, and thus she smiled in return.

"That is good to hear."

Instantly a devilish idea began to form in Berenghar's mind; considering that nobody was around, he motioned for his lover to come over and sit upon his lap; he took pleasure in teasing the girl who was carrying his child. Though her cheeks began to flush in embarrassment, she could not disobey her master's orders; as such, she sat upon his lap in an awkward display in the middle of the Great Hall.

However, as he was blowing on Linde's ears, his mother just so happened to be walking by and witnessed the affectionate display where she quickly began to scold Berengar as she marched in his direction.

"Berengar! Just what is it that you think you are doing on your father's seat of power?"

Gisela's shrill voice immediately caused Linde to attempt to hop away from Berengar's grasp in embarrassment, but the young Regent managed to capture his lover in his arms and keep her in place, which caused her to looked down at the ground and cover her face. This was truly a mortifying position to be in. Berengar, on the other hand, had a smug expression on his face as he responded to his mother's Chastisement.

"Father has placed me in charge of the realm during his absence; as such, I see no reason why I can not relax on this chair while playing around with my lover. Even a Viscount needs a moment of rest now and then..."

Gisela's gaze immediately narrowed in response to Berengar's claims, though it was true Berengar was Viscount in everything, but name, that did not mean they should behave in this manner. Especially so boldly declaring in the open that he and Linde were lovers, did he not care about his reputation?

Seeing his mother's piercing gaze, Berengar could not help but scoff internally as he held his arms tightly around Linde, preventing her from escaping from his clutches. This public display of affection had really gotten him excited. Nevertheless, he could not do anything at the moment, so he listened to his mother's lecture with a smug expression on his face.

"Regardless as to whether or not you can behave in this way, it is simply unacceptable! Have you no shame?"

Berengar laughed lightly at his mother's words which infuriated the woman; if he acted this way as regent, she could not imagine how he would behave when he was officially viscount. However, just when she was about to chastise him further, he let out a bold answer to her question.

"Evidently not..."

Berengar truly was shameless, if he really wanted to, he would tie Linde up to a leash and have her kneel before him while he sat on his throne with her leash in hand, but he was not that wicked yet... Nevertheless, his mother would not accept his inappropriate actions any further. As such, she marched up to the seat of power with the intent to slap him. Seeing he had gone too far, he let Linde go, where she quickly scurried off while filled with an overwhelming sense of humiliation and shame. Of course, he made sure to voice his thoughts aloud as his mother stopped at the steps just below him.

"Damn, I love that woman..."

With that said, Gisela looked at him with disgust and stormed off; she could not believe her son had grown into such a womanizer. Berengar, on the other hand, began to stretch, now that he was relaxed from the little fun he was able to achieve in this brief moment, he quickly got back to the task at hand. For a man with great ambitions like him, the work was never done.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86: Formation of a Wicked Alliance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

During Linde's maternity leave, the position of spymaster was temporarily handed over to her bastard half-sister Adelheid, who operated out of Innsbruck. She was the personal maid of Linde, who had since her departure been working at the family estate and directly serving her father, Lothar. She was not exactly fond of her father due to how she had been treated throughout her youth and desperately looked up to Linde as her eldest sister and the only one who seemed to care for her. As such, she was more than eager to spy on her father's domain for her precious big sister.

Of course, she was not happy with Berengar for making Linde his lover; Adelheid thought that Linde's love had blinded her to Berengar's true nature and that in truth he was an absolute scoundrel, much like her father. However, if supporting him was what Linde wanted, then she would comply. Even if she believed Linde was deserving of the position of Berengar's wife and not that little girl from Graz.

Currently, Adelheid was cleaning her father's study, where she came across a variety of letters issued that exchanged the details between the Bishop of Innsbruck and her father. Now that Lambert was exiled from the house of Kufstein and sent to the Teutonic order, Lothar's plans relied entirely on his daughter's illicit relationship with Berengar. As such, a rift had grown between him and the Bishop of Innsbruck, who kept insisting on deposing Berengar for the sake of the church. Seeing literally no benefit from this request, Count Lothar had abandoned the Bishop and the church's pleas. Instead, he sided with Berengar to win his favor and potentially gain an even better deal on the steel trade.

Adelheid read over all of the information she could gather from the Bishop of Innsbruck and her father's correspondence and added it to the web of knowledge she had collected. As she was looking over the information, she heard footsteps and a pair of voices approaching, one of which she recognized to be her father's. Thus she quickly put away the letters in the order she had found them and began to sweep around the office, making herself look busy. By the time her father and the unknown figure arrived in his office, they noticed Lothar's bastard daughter fulfilling her duties of cleaning the room and felt no suspicion whatsoever. After all, as his personal maid, that was something she ought to be doing.

The Count did not even mind her presence as he began to speak with a man dressed in the attire of a Bishop, who Adelheid recognized as Bishop Ernest of Innsbruck; the man was morbidly obese and was easily in his sixties; he had a particularly troll-like face, and was completely bald with a long mustache that looked like a set of walrus tusks which were as white as snow. This fat bastard looked lustfully at Adelheid as she cleaned the office in the background. Noticing his sinful gaze, Lothar snapped at him.

"Don't even think about it!"

considering the fat old man was here to negotiate with the Count of Tyrol about withdrawing his support for Berengar, the man snarled but ultimately retracted his gaze before speaking to Lothar in an obviously fake polite tone.

"Count Lothar, I'm sure you are aware that by supporting a condemned heretic like Berengar, your very soul is at risk of sharing that same fate as his."

Lothar pulled out a pair of chalices and then filled them with wine, handing one to the fat old bishop before discussing his terms with the man.

"Cut to the chase; I do not want to hear any bullshit from you. If you do not give me something of worth, then I will not think about abandoning the boy in favor of your lot."

The old bishop grimaced as he heard those words; he was well aware of Berengar's miraculous ability to turn iron into steel, he was also aware of Lothar's ambitions to be Duke of Austria, and as such, even with the overwhelming wealth of the church he would have to pay a heavy price in order to convince the Count to join his side.

Adelheid keenly listened to this conversation as she quietly cleaned in the background; neither of the two men was concerned about whether or not she overheard their conversation and the potential conspiracy it may contain. As such, the Bishop quickly spoke his terms he was willing to present to win Lothar's favor.

"Very well, what the Church is willing to offer you is the entire Prince-Bisophric of Chur to add to your domain."

Not only was Count Lothar shocked, but so was Adelheid; this was no small domain owned by the church which bordered the County of Tyrol. It contained many resources and a relatively large population. If Lothar acquired this, he would be able to increase his wealth and military power vastly. He could not believe the Church was willing to go so far to put down a minor Viscount; as such, he had to clarify the issue.

"You will give me the entire region of Chur?"

The bishop nodded his head in approval as his next words confirmed his offer.

"The Holy Father has already approved it; all you have to do is side with us when the time is right and invade Kufstein alongside the Teutonic Order."

Count Lothar thought about it for several moments; the minerals, wealth, and forces he would gain from Chur would be worth more in total than the trade he had with Berengar. As such, he had no reason to decline, especially when he considered the fact that he despised the boy who had knocked up his favorite daughter. As such, Lothar reached out his hand and cemented the alliance with the Church. Though he would still officially remain on Berengar's side for the time being, when the time was right, he would turn on the boy Regent and bring order to his territory once more. He did not care who ruled over Kufstein so long as they submitted to him.

The fat old bishop laughed heartfully as he shook the Count's hand and declared their alliance on the spot.

"I knew you were a man of great Faith; together, we shall destroy this heretic and prevent his views from spreading across Europe! He has already caused more damage to the faithful than you may realize."

The truth of the matter was, with the scandal the Vatican had found itself in over the matter of publically endorsing the seizing of Berengar's assets and the letter of rebuttal the two counts had made against them, Berengar's popularity was rising among the German nobility, and his views were currently being spread in his propaganda. It would not be long before this Heresy in which the church had officially deemed the Berengar Heresy spread to every corner of the German world. At that time, the church would lose significant power, and as such, they were willing to give up such a huge chunk of land to get rid of Berengar as quickly as possible. After all, they did not want the Teutonic Knights to have to face Count Lothar's forces nor did they wish to engage in an entire crusade just to put down this growing heresy.

Overhearing this grave threat to Berengar, and more importantly, her dearest sister, Adelheid, was more than happy to report this news to Linde at the first opportunity available. As such, after witnessing this despicable alliance being formed, she used the first chance she got to leave the office and write a letter to Linde informing her about the threats that had begun to manifest within Innsbruck.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87: Counter Conspiracy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Linde sat in her quarter's within the Castle of Kufstein; she received a letter which was written from her sister; in this letter, it described the scene in which Adelheid had witnessed and their father's treachery. The girl twirled a strand of her strawberry blonde hair in boredom as she read the words. She suspected sooner or later her father would betray her lover; it was only a matter of time before the Church offered him something he could not refuse.

After reading the words the Letter contained, Linde burned it before leaving her room, seeking out Berengar to inform him of the crucial issue at hand. Before long, she found Berengar in his father's study reviewing the ledgers on his grand infrastructure initiative. When Linde arrived in the study with a worried expression, he could guess that her sister had reported some troublesome news, and as such, he immediately inquired about the details.

"Well, don't keep me waiting..."

Linde immediately shut the door behind her and informed Berengar of the matters reported to her.

"The Bishop of Innsbruck has promised my father the Prince-Bisophric of Chur so long as he aids in the invasion of your realm when the time comes. He has accepted these terms, and thus in doing so, betrayed you."

Berengar contemplated what this meant for a few moments; the Teutonic Order was sure to send a large army to enter his lands, but with the Count of Tyrol, on the other hand, would at best send a small punitive task force. He had greater ambitions than to gain the city of Chur, and by the time the Teutonic Order could muster a force to attack Kufstein, the Kingdom would either be on the brink of civil war or fully engaged in it. This truly did not change Berengar's plans all that much. In fact, this could be considered a blessing in disguise; by betraying Berengar and the alliance they had formed, Count Lothar was giving him a justifiable reason to invade his territory as such, Berengar decided at that moment on his plans to usurp the County of Tyrol from Linde's father. A wicked grin spread across his face as he thought of such things, confusing Linde as that was not the reaction she was anticipating, forcing her to ask why he was behaving so oddly.

"Why the hell are you smiling? Isn't this a serious matter?"

Berengar could not help but further smile at Linde's response, but ultimately he decided to inform her of the changes to his plans.

"Actually quite the contrary, this is wonderful news!"

Linde looked at her lover and master as if he were a lunatic before expressing her doubts.

"How could this possibly be considered wonderful news?"

Berengar got up from his seat and approached Linde, where he began to rub her shoulders as he explained the depths of his plots.

"Your father will at most send a few hundred men to honor the alliance with the Church. The reason being is that he can't afford to lose many men here in Kufstein, he has already threatened me once, and I easily repelled the bluff by addressing this point. The safety of Kufstein will be secured either way. On the contrary, this gives me a justified reason to march on Innsbruck and usurp his title when he is off at war trying to usurp the Duchy!"

Linde's gaze shifted from one of looking at a madman to looking at a genius. She struggled to believe Berengar came up with such a diabolical scheme directly after hearing about the news she thought was disastrous. This was why he was the man she had chosen, gentle but firm to his loved ones while being utterly ruthless to his enemies as a true man should be!

At this point, Linde had no allegiance to her father, and if Count Lothar realized that his precious daughter had completely turned on him, he would do his damned to personally flay Berengar for warping her mind to such a degree. Berengar no longer questioned her loyalty; she had proven herself to be absolutely obedient to him on many occasions; as such, he merely hugged his favorite pet from behind and stroked her hair.

However, it was not long before he heard a knock on the door interrupting his fun, as such Berengar ceased his activities and answered the door where he saw the figure of Eckhard; the man immediately realized he was interrupted something by the cold gaze of Berengar, and the flushed expression on Linde's cheeks. However, since he was already here, he decided to attempt to give his report.

"My Lord, may I have a minute?"

Berengar nodded and allowed Eckhard into the room, where he proceeded to sit down before the desk and pour a couple of glasses of wine. After taking a sip from the chalice, Berengar motioned for Eckhard to continue.

"Go on..."

as such, Eckhard stood at attention with a look of pride on his face.

"My liege, we have so many recruits joining our forces from the region of Kitzbühel that we have filled the artillery battalion, as such I require a directive on the where I should focus on the training of the troops next?"

Berengar thought about it for a moment before he issued his decree.

"We should focus on establishing a full battalion of Cuirassiers, a minimum of 800 men; any additional men should begin forming the 2nd Infantry Battalion. Send the expense report to me when it is drafted, and I will approve of it."

After hearing his Lord and Commander's orders, Eckhard pounded his chest in a salute and marched off after accepting the terms

"Yes, My Lord!"

Linde looked in shock as she realized that Berengar's military might would be greatly expanding soon; 800 Cavalrymen was no small amount, even by the standards of a viscount, luckily his population had doubled recently, and he could afford to draft so many men into his army. Knowing the technological edge in which his forces had, Linde could not help but think that Berengar's army would soon be the most capable in the world.

Berengar, on the other hand, was satisfied with the results of his recruitment drive. He was certain that before the Teutonic knights arrived, he would have 2 full battalions of infantry, roughly 2400 men in total, a full battalion of cavalry numbering anywhere between 800-1200 men, and a full artillery battalion numbering a total of 450 men, and 18 field guns. All in all, his army would be capable of defeating whatever force the Teutonic Order brought down upon him, so long as it was not the full army, which he highly doubted they would do considering their position with their neighbors.

Just like this, a counter conspiracy to the Church's plots was put in place to destroy the enemies of Kufstein utterly, and by extension, it's Regent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88: Military Reforms
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days had passed since Berengar had begun plotting against Count Lothar and his backers, which was long enough for his father's vassals to gather within the Castle of Kufstein. Realizing that he would have to completely reform the military structure now that he was incorporating the professional army with the town militia into a single cohesive force, he had called all of his father's vassals to Kufstein so that he could directly inform him that he would be removing their feudal rights to raise their own armies. This was a decision which he knew he had to make eventually to modernize the military fully, but as of right now, he knew this would be a bitter pill to swallow for the men who served his father; after all, he was essentially revoking their right to defend their own land with their own armies.

With the men gathered in the Great Hall, Berengar sat upon the seat of power as Viscount in every way but name. The young Regent made his shocking declaration to the men who swore allegiance to his family.

"As of today, I am hereby abolishing the rights of my family's vassals to raise their own armies and will instead be incorporating them into a single cohesive military under the control of the Viscount of Kufstein where one's ranking is based entirely upon merit and not birth."

With this said, the room resounded with the protests of dozens of minor lords and knights. The knights were especially outraged with this decree as by doing away with the feudal traditions of the military, Berengar was essentially depriving them of their purpose in life. Despite the fury of the noblemen, they kept themselves well behaved due to the fact that Berengar was flanked by his elite guard, who had been formed from the ranks of his greatest grenadiers. They were prepared for any act of rebellion against their Lord and Commander, and as such, viciously stared down the unruly mob of gentlemen.

Eventually, Berengar slammed his fist upon his armrest, which instantly quieted the room before he began to speak further.

"I have invited every one of you here personally to inform you of this decision and to address any concerns you may have. As such, you are free to voice them one at a time in a civil manner!"

An old knight was the first to approach Berengar and voice his concerns

"I am a knight, like my father before me, and his father before him. What am I supposed to do now that I can no longer fight for my Lord?"

Berengar smiled gently at the man, as he knew his concerns all too well and had already prepared a response for such a question.

"I am sure your expertise in warfare is needed among the ranks of my army, and as such, I will offer you a place among its ranks. So long as you complete the necessary training, you will receive a position as a Commissioned officer. From there, you may progress in the ranks based upon your ability."

Though the man wanted to protest further, yet he could tell Berengar would not budge, and as such, he responded to Berengar's words.

"I will take it under consideration."

Afterward, the man returned to the crowd, where a minor Lord rose and voiced his opinion on the matter.

"If the Army is entirely under your command, then who will protect my borders?"

Berengar once more smiled gently at the man as he expressed how the military would function going forward.

"Forts will be constructed in each region to ensure proper defense. These forts will be manned by a garrison of soldiers who fall under the command of the Army. These Garrisons will also be in charge of Law Enforcement until a time where a self-sufficient and dedicated police force is established in the region."

Many of these Lords were familiar with how Berengar had chosen to rule, over the last month or so since he ascended to Regency, Berengar had forced his reforms on his vassals one at a time; it was getting to the point where many of them were thinking of rebelling. Yet right when they were considering such an option, Berengar not only planned to undermine their ability to effectively do so but establish garrisons in their territory, which were manned by soldiers loyal only to him. This was considered absolutely unacceptable to many of the Lords shackled by vassalage to the von Kufstein family.

Nevertheless, the Lords had no choice but to accept these terms; after all, they were all aware of how quickly Berengar had put down the Baron of Kitzbühel's army, which was far larger than anything they could muster. Many of these knights and Lords were present to witness such a shocking display of power; it was something they would never forget in their lifetime.

One by one, the Lords and Knights of Kufstein voiced their concerns, and Berengar addressed each and every one of them with a carefully planned answer. By the time the convention was over, Berengar had received all of their signatures while signing the Military Reforms into Law, thus dealing a mortal blow to the old Feudal System in which he was inching ever closer to completely replacing. For now, what settled the noblemen's minds was that they still had access to their land and would thus be able to live a lavish lifestyle without having to worry about dying in war. They could leave that to the common people and those foolish enough to glorify such a thing.

If they knew that Berengar was currently designing Land Reforms that would completely strip them of their ownership over such vast swaths of land and redistribute it to the Public and Private sectors, they would have tried to skin him alive then and there, even with his elite guard present. Fortunately for Berengar, these old and bitter men had no knowledge that their feudal authority would soon come completely crashing down upon them. Their roles as nobles would soon become little more than a ceremonial title passed down throughout their family.

Of course, to ensure there was not an outright rebellion, Berengar was thinking of ways to appease the nobles and maintain some degree of their wealth. However, that was a discussion for another time. For now, Berengar had successfully enacted his military reforms and would be incorporating all Knights, Men-at-arms, and other professional soldiers into the ranks of what would one day become known as the Imperial Army.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89: Becoming an Arms Dealer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the military reforms in place, Berengar began incorporating the militia and professional army into one cohesive force. The men were made to swear an oath under pain of death and damnation that they would protect the realm from all foreign and domestic enemies while also swearing their allegiance to the Viscounty and its Commander in Chief, which at this point was Berengar.

Afterward, roughly 1000 infantry were transferred into the ranks of the 1st and 2nd Infantry Battalions. By doing this, Berengar ensured that the new and possibly disgruntled troops were alongside those that were already completely loyal to him so that they had no chances of turning on him.

As far as the 30 knights under his command were concerned, they were transferred into the ranks of the 1st Cuirassier Battalion, which was growing in numbers by the day. The expense in raising Cavalry was far more than that of infantry or artillery, yet it would be worth the amount as far as Berengar was concerned; thus, he had no qualms about funding such an endeavor.

Though it would take a few months for the new troops to go through basic and specialized training, he was confident by the time the upcoming war broke out that he would have a large well trained, and well-equipped army that was far greater than any force in the world that was equal in size.

Every day the arms factory and the armory worked to produce the necessary equipment for Berengar's army to properly field; as such, he quickly was left with a vast stockpile of the obsolete weapons and armor that kept growing by the day. Eventually, Berengar decided he would sell the equipment to Count Lothar at a discount; considering it was used equipment, and some of it had been especially fitted to certain people, he would never think of gaining full price for it. Nevertheless, it was fully functional equipment and better in quality than basically anything else in the world aside from his own forces.

Thinking of this idea, he personally wrote the letter to Count Lothar, who was more than interested in the offer and absolutely curious why Berengar would be selling such a large amount of steel plate and brigandine. Thus the man made his way to Kufstein as quickly as possible, where he was currently meeting with Berengar in his armory which housed the equipment, where the two noblemen discussed the exact details of the trade.

Count Lothar was not shy with his questions; he could not think of a reason why Berengar would give up such valuable equipment unless it were faulty.

"So why are you selling such a vast quantity of steel arms and armor? Do you not need it for yourself?"

Berengar began to laugh; he had already planned an excuse for selling his army's obsolete equipment.

"I am currently investing in a massive infrastructure initiative, and I need more capital than I am making on the steel and textile trade. I figured my peasant levies did not need such superior equipment. Thus I decided to sell it and equip them with a much cheaper design of the armor."

Lothar did not even think twice about this answer; it was entirely reasonable, especially since Berengar said this equipment was used to outfit peasant levies. The armorers that Lothar had brought with him began inspecting every piece of equipment to determine if it would hold up. The equipment had only ever seen one battle, and most of the men were completely untouched in that battle; as such, it was in fantastic condition.

While his men were inspecting the equipment, Lothar began discussing terms on the sale of such a vast amount of high-quality arms and armor. Everything except for the pikes used in the previous battle was for sale.

"If my armoires confirm the quality of the equipment, then I would be more than happy to purchase the goods off of your hands; however, because it is used, and much of it will require refitting, I can not offer you full price for the lot."

Considering the equipment was almost entirely brigandine, with steel helmets, and a small number of steel vambraces, and greaves which were thrown into the mix, the value was quite substantial as the manufacture of such a mass amount of equipment was unheard of at this time as such Count Lothar threw out an enticing offer.

"I will pay 10 guldens per set of armor as well as a matching weapon."

The gulden was a gold coin in use for currency, and when considering the price of a steel breastplate by itself was worth a little over 4 guldens brand new, as well as the fact that this was mostly used Brigandine, it was a fair price. However, Berengar would milk Count Lothar for every piece of the equipment's worth and immediately countered his offer with a higher figure.

"15"

Count Lothar frowned at this number and countered offered with a new figure.

"12!"

Berengar shook his head and negotiated with his final offer while wearing a smug smile on his face.

"13, and I'll cover transportation. If you don't accept, I'm sure the Count of Steiermark would be happy to have such fine equipment for his armies..."

Berengar had struck a nerve with Count Lothar; after all, the man was well aware that Count Otto was a loyalist to the main Habsburg line and someone he considered to be a future enemy if Berengar sold his equipment to that man, then it would surely make things difficult for him. After all with this equipment, it would greatly diminish his need to buy raw steel and manufacture it himself.

After careful deliberation, Count Lothar had no choice to accept and cursed at Berengar.

"Dammit! Alright, I accept your terms!"

However, although they shook hands and smiled at one another, Lothar was secretly thinking within his mind.

'What an idiot, he has no idea the danger that is approaching, and he just sold such valuable equipment to his enemy, leaving his armies in a poor state, the Teutonic Order should be able to wipe his army with ease.'

Lothar had no way of knowing that this armor he was being sold, which he thought was the pinnacle of equipment in Europe right now, and possibly the world was already considered obsolete in Berengar's mind and that the young Regent was already in the process of replacing it with better equipment for his forces to use.

Berengar smiled with an arrogant expression as he was all too aware of what Lothar was thinking and could not wait to see the look on his face when his forces were torn asunder by the thunder of Berengar's guns!

With this first step, Berengar had entered the arms trade and made a massive profit of a whopping 13,000 guldens or close to it! He would use some of this profit to invest in the arms trade where he would begin to supply all factions of the upcoming civil war from which he would profit significantly. Only for the factions who bought his equipment to come to the horrific realization that against the might of the flintlock muskets and 12 lb cannons of Berengar's army, the equipment they had been sold was completely and utterly useless.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90: Ludolfs Reformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Ludolf had been hard at work on his academic refutation of the church's corruption and abuse of power. So much so that his manifesto had grown even larger than Martin Luther's from Berengar's previous life. After collecting evidence of the Church's sins and its wrongful attempts to dominate secular affairs, Ludolf compiled it together in a well-written thesis completely disputing the Church and its insidious actions. He had spent nearly a month gathering what he needed in an attempt to reform the Church for the better. Now that he had finished writing his paper, the priest brought it to Berengar's attention for review and possible alterations.

Berengar smiled as he read through the manifesto, which spoke many of his ideals, and unlike Luther, he spent a large amount of time focusing on the necessity for Church and State. From an academic standpoint, the work was solid; from a theological standpoint, it was brilliant. After reading through the whole thing, Berengar placed down the paper and looked at Ludolf, who had been silently waiting in patience for Berengar to finish it as he sat upon the seat of power in Kufstein. After placing down the manifesto with great care, he approached Ludolf and patted the man on the shoulders.

"My friend, it is a work of brilliance; I am truly inspired after reading it. This must be distributed across the German-speaking regions and Europe as a whole. With my press, it can be mass-produced much like the bibles we have been distributing and spread to the hands of true believers everywhere!"

Ludolf smiled greatly upon hearing the massive praise he received; he too agreed that the work needed to be spread; as such, he did not hesitate to agree to Berengar's suggestion of mass producing and distributing it across the German-speaking regions of the world.

"Thank you, Berengar; I must say I would never have walked this path without your guidance. It is truly an honor to be your friend!"

Berengar grabbed the paper and placed it in Ludolf's hands before complimenting the man further.

"The pleasure is all mine; now shall we head to the press and begin the process?"

Ludolf nodded and agreed to Berengar's request once more, and as such, Berengar and Ludolf marched down to the press, which was now located within its own factory run by his propaganda department. Berengar's elite guards flanked the two men as they did so. Despite being in the safety of Kufstein, Berengar had made many enemies, and he could never be too careful when it came to his safety.

The average citizens looked upon the men as they marched into the city under construction and into the industrial district where they entered the press, where the foreman was more than happy to greet them. As always, the man was a boot licker and showered Berengar and his guest in compliments upon arrival.

"My Lord, it is an absolute pleasure to witness your immaculate visage enter the factory! Tell me, how can I help you on this glorious day?"

Berengar could not help but sneer at the man's remarks; he was not the kind of man who desired to be around sycophants, never the less the man was good at his job, and as such, Berengar kept him in place.

"I need a special production line dedicated to the mass production of this work. Can it be done?"

The foreman once more put on the air as he continued to compliment Berengar, which ultimately looped right back around to a simple agreement.

"Of course, my Lord, for your benevolence, I can make anything possible. As you know, we have expanded operations quite successfully lately, and as such, we can easily afford to dedicate full-time production to this work."

With that said, Berengar motioned for Ludolf to hand it over, after which the priest quickly did so. Berengar looked around the area and noticed that the security was lacking for this vital installation. As such, he looked over to the foreman and informed him of his decision.

"I will attach a security detail around this facility around the clock; it looks like the Garrison needs more forces."

With the influx of recruits to his army, Berengar established a significant garrison in Kufstein whose full-time job would be to defend the region and act as internal security. Essentially they would become the gendarmerie until he could establish a dedicated police force.

After saying that, Berengar left while trying to ignore the exaggerated praise from the foreman who could refrain himself from saying such flatteries. After Berengar and Ludolf returned to the Castle, he pulled out a pair of goblets before filling them with wine and handing one to Ludolf before saying a toast.

"To the Reformation, may the Church be purged of its corruption!"

The two men clinked glasses before taking a sip. Ludolf, of course, could not refrain from his excitement.

"I truly do hope something comes of my work; I can not sit idly by and allow the Church to be blighted by the amoral bishops and cardinals who turn a blind eye to the teachings of Christ in pursuit of their greed."

Berengar merely smiled and took a sip from his glass; he knew the possibility of the Catholic Church actually being reformed was very slim; what was most likely to happen from Ludolf's actions was the Church splitting off and forming the protestant movement. Though such an event would inevitably lead to chaos within the European sphere of influence, Berengar needed that chaos to transition the German world into a scientific and industrious way of thinking.

As the two men celebrated their achievement, only Berengar was aware of how things would turn out. The future would be filled with endless blood and destruction due to these two men's actions. Yet, it would allow Berengar to build one of the mightiest Empires in history. An achievement that would one day brand him as the Father of the German Nation. Among his many nicknames for which he would be known, this was the one of which he was most proud.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91: Council of Constance I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nearly a month had passed since Ludolf made his public denunciation of the Church, and by then, thousands of copies of his manifesto had spread across the German-speaking regions, priests, bishops, and noblemen alike flocked to his cause sharing their support for his claims. What started as a localized Heresy as it was deemed by the church quickly consumed the German world and caught on like wildfire. The Catholic Church was in a crisis; both the Papacy in Avignon and the Vatican publically declared Ludolf's Reformation as an extension of the Berengar Heresy, which the Vatican had long since been trying to combat the growing influence.

Having the support of Berengar the Accursed as the Church referred to him actually helped Ludolf's cause considering many of the German noblemen privately sympathized with his plight. However, now that a properly ordained priest had publically endorsed his ideas which had already begun to spread around Austria, they quickly became openly accepted by many seeking to end the Church's influence over secular affairs.

It did not take long for the Church to convene a council over this issue, and several of the other issues which plagued the Catholic church at the moment, such as the reconciliation of the Papacy and the affairs of the Teutonic Order now that they had thoroughly provoked the Orthodox church with their Crusade of the Rus.

A group of Cardinals, Bishops, and two men, both declaring themself the one true Pope sat in a chapel located within the Bisophric of Constance, a region within the Holy Roman Empire, and what would be considered part of the Kingdom of Germany. The large group of men was currently in a heated debate, firstly over the issue of the Berengar Heresy, which was now spreading rapidly across the German world, if something were not done soon, then even if they successfully managed to route out and destroy Berengar the Accursed and his regency, they would still not be able to squash this Heresy thoroughly.

Pope Simeon II, who was the officially recognized Pope of the Vatican, was in an argument with his counterpart from Avignon, who was known by the name of Pope Avilius III. Simeon was the first to speak up about the Berengar Heresy, which was beginning to become a serious issue for everyone in the room.

"If we do not put an end to this heresy while it is still within its infancy, it might fracture the Church as a whole! Clearly, we must get not only the crusading orders, but the pious noblemen from every Christian kingdom to march into the regions most affected by this blasphemy, and put every one of these heretics to the sword!"

Avilius, on the other hand, could not help but scoff at this notion; it was utterly ludicrous to think that they could get the entirety of Christendom to invade Germany; the German lords would not simply allow an army of foreigners into their lands to butcher their people. If anything, it would unify the German states and prevent the upcoming civil war, which the Church desperately wanted to happen to take advantage of the Chaos and gain more power and influence. As such, the other so-called Pope in the room could not refrain from refuting the first one.

"Tell me, Simeon, how do you plan to tell differentiate the believers from the heretics?"

Simeon did not hesitate to offer his opinion and boldly declared for the whole room to hear.

"God will know!"

The implication being that they would kill everyone in the affected areas and leave it up to God to judge their souls. After all, it would not be the first time the Church had done something like this. Several of the high-ranking members of the ecclesiarchy nodded their heads in approval of this suggestion. In contrast, many others looked in horror at the suggestion of doing such a thing.

Ultimately the voice of reason came down to a particularly charismatic Cardinal who suggested to all of them a more diplomatic approach.

"Have either of you actually tried reasoning with the man we call Berengar the Accursed? Clearly, the man is an educated individual with a vast knowledge of scripture. Seeing as how before Ludolf even made his accusations against us, Berengar had accurately translated the bible into German and began distributing it, along with his own interpretations in a series of pamphlets."

Both Simeon and Avilius shook their heads; in fact, if anything, Simeon was guilty of constantly escalating the conflict; by now, he was familiar with how Berengar reacted to anyone who tried to exert their authority upon him, and clearly, it had negative results. As such, the cardinal continued his speech and laid part of the blame on the Pope of the Vatican.

"Simeon, if you took a second to reflect on this matter, you would realize that if you had not endorsed Lambert's attempt to eliminate his older brother and steel the inheritance, which is rightfully Berengar's, then none of this would have happened! Every time you try to force your way upon a lawfully appointed regent, it blows up in your face! A mere youth has outwitted you in every matter you have conspired against him in! Who's to say he is not going to outwit and defeat you once more when you invade his lands with the Teutonic Order?"

After being lambasted and accurately so by a Cardinal under his command, Pope Simeon II lowered his head in disgrace for all of the bishops and cardinals to see. What the Cardinal had said was true. However, he would be damned if he did not have Berengar pay for the constant humiliation he had suffered, including the one that had just transpired here in the Council of Constance.

As such, Simeon could not help himself but protest the very notion that the almighty Church should be negotiating with a lowly Regent of a Viscounty.

"I refuse, as God's representative here on Earth, I will not bow my head to some lowly Viscount or his accursed son acts as Regent in his stead! I will have satisfaction for the indignant actions of this heretical youth!"

With that, the Council of Constance was divided on how to proceed on the matter of the Berengar Heresy; some wanted to invade the lands in which were affected by it and slaughter every living person within them. Some wanted to Negotiate with Berengar to see if he would cease his anti-church propaganda and some secretly sided with Berengar and the points he and Ludolf had made. If anything, Simeon's reaction to the whole thing, proved that Berengar was right. However, they were too afraid to voice their concerns and, as such, stayed silent. These Bishops and Cardinals who agreed with Berengar and Ludolf would become the backbone of the German Reformation. For now, the Council continued, there were plenty of topics to talk about, and they had yet to conclude how to proceed with Berengar and his views.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92: Council of Constance II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The figureheads of the ecclesiarchy debated well into the night about their arguments before concluding the meeting for the evening; after a night of proper rest, they reconvened in an attempt to discuss further the potential solutions to the problems which plagued the Catholic Church at the moment.

Rather than discuss the Berengar Heresy further as they had exhausted so much effort on only to remain entrenched in their own positions, Pope Avilius chugged a chalice of wine before he brought up the growing divide with the Orthodox church over the issues of the Teutonic Order who while favored by the Pope of the Vatican, was not gazed upon fondly by Avilius and the Avignon Papacy. As such, he spoke his thoughts on the matter.

"The Teutonic order has gone too far by forcefully converting the Orthodox of the East into Catholicism if things progress from where they are now relations with the Byzantines, as well as their sphere of influence will continue to drop. The support of the Hospitallers in the Byzantine's efforts to reclaim North Africa can only stall a permanent rift for so long. Something must be done about this unlawful Crusade in which Simeon has sponsored."

Like a true Frenchman, Avilius who was gulping down wine as if it were water, was not afraid to directly blame the crisis at hand as the fault of his rival when in reality the Teutonic Order was an independent State and was largely acting on its own without the official endorsement of either papacy. Though Simeon had never outright condemned them, after all, they were still a powerful force he could call upon to enforce his will upon the increasingly secular Lords of the German world; this did not mean that he, in fact, supported them, at least publically.

This was the main reason the Orthodox had not outrightly schism from the actions of the Teutonic Order, as officially they were a monastic state acting on their own accord without the public endorsement of the church. Avilius was more than happy to tie their actions to Simeon and his so-called Papacy despite knowing this. After hearing these accusations, Simeon was outraged and instantly began bickering with his French counterpart.

"Lies and slander! I have never once endorsed the war against the Orthodox! Those bastards have their own self-sufficient state and have used their power to declare this a Holy War on their own!"

Simeon was playing right into the hands of Avilius, who was obviously trying to provoke Simeon's wrath so that he would further make a fool of himself in front of the Cardinals and Bishops who had gathered. It seemed to be working quite well, as even those in Simeon's camp were quite embarrassed by his actions. Once more, the voice of reason was left to the particularly charismatic Cardinal, who had pretty much been responsible for keeping this entire Council civil throughout the last 24 hours.

"Simeon, while I understand your reasons for not condemning the Teutonic Order, after all, none of us want a repeat of what happened to the Templars. I can't help but ask why you have not withdrawn funding from these Crusades in the North if you are so morally against it? I mean, the Baltic has been thoroughly converted at this point, so what is the purpose of further funding the Teutonic Order's ongoing conquests of their Orthodox neighbors?"

Once more, Simeon did not have a proper answer to this; after all, he could not openly admit that he had disdain for the Orthodox church and that he actually supported the actions of the Teutonic Order as they forced Catholocism on their Eastern neighbors. His disdain for the Orthodox was that they refused to recognize his authority as the Vicar of Christ and thus the ruler over all Christians. This was one of the reasons he despised the French at the moment because they boldly declared Avilius to be the one true Pope.

After silence for a few moments, the charismatic Cardinal once more spoke up, insisting that Simeon answer for his actions.

"Well? We are all waiting..."

After another few moments of silence, Simeon came up with what he perceived to be a valid excuse for his actions.

"The Teutonic Order are the guardians of the faithful in the German-speaking regions; without proper funding, how could they possibly combat the heresies which have begun to spring up from within the Kingdom of Germany and the surrounding regions?"

Avilius laughed at this response and chastised Simeon for his reasoning.

"The Teutonic Order has been trying to convert the Orthodox in eastern Europe for decades! Yet, they have received funding from the Vatican the entire time. The heresies popping up in Southern Germany are a recent thing that only transpired these past few months. Do you really think that is a valid excuse for your actions?"

The charismatic Cardinal sighed in response to these two old men and their ceaseless bickering; Simeon was a control freak who desired to rule the world and had fewer brain cells than a goldfish when he was thoroughly enraged, which more often than not he was in such a state. At the same time, Avilius was an indolent and drunken wastrel who gained pleasure from antagonizing people, especially Simeon. Neither of these two men was fit to call themself God's representative on Earth. Nevertheless, at the moment, these two fools were the highest authority in the Church; of course, if the Western Schism was ended and one of these two incompetent asshats was recognized universally as Pope in the Catholic world, it would only mean disaster.

It was becoming increasingly obvious to the Cardinals and Bishops present as the conversation went on that the removal of both of these pretenders and the election of a new Pope altogether would be the best path forward. However, nobody was willing to bring up this discussion at the moment in fear of being excommunicated for merely suggesting it. Thus despite the obvious inadequacies of both men proclaiming themselves Pope they would go on to rule over their territories for at least another year before things would progress any further.

With no viable solutions to the problems at hand, this constant bickering would continue for another week. Ultimately like the previous years, the Council of Constance, which had been ongoing to some degree since 1414, ended in a miserable failure. None of the discussions were met with a proper solution, and all that managed to happen was further division in the Church. Simeon would continue to antagonize Berengar over the following year, and Berengar would continue to spit in his face. For now, just like it had in prior years, the meeting of the Ecclesiarchy known as the Council of Constance had ended with absolutely nothing worthy of note being accomplished.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93: Formal Abdication
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar awoke bright and early once more. After getting in his normal exercise routine and taking care of his personal hygiene, he ventured to the Dining Room, where he would arrive at roughly the same time every morning. However, much to his surprise, both his mother and father were already sitting at the head of the Table. In his father's hands was a list of reports, ledgers, and laws Berengar had signed into place during his father's absence. There was a serious expression on his father's face. Berengar assumed the man was going to end his so-called solitary penance and assume the mantle of Viscount. However, what was actually about to transpire would greatly shock him.

It was not until Henrietta and Linde had arrived that Sieghard placed down the papers from his hands and addressed his family with the concerns he had deeply thought through since he secluded himself from the world at large. Henrietta was deeply concerned by her father's haggard appearance. She had not seen the man in quite some time, months even, and he had grown significantly older and frailer in this time period. This was the first time she witnessed the poor condition her father was in; his hair was now completely grey while being long, raggedy, and oily, his beard unkempt, and his eyes were sunken.

She barely even recognized her father, who used to be so filled with life. On the other hand, while looking a bit exhausted, Gisela still maintained her beauty, albeit at some expense. Neither of the two siblings' parents was as vibrant and healthy as they had been before Lambert's exile. Henrietta quickly voiced her unease.

"Daddy, are you okay? You look unwell..."

Sieghard drank from a glass of water before attempting to placate his loving daughter about his failing health.

"I'm fine, I have just become a little ill, but I assure you I will make it through this."

Though Henrietta was deeply concerned about the man's wellbeing, she chose to believe her father's words. After addressing his daughter's worries, Sieghard cleared his throat before making an announcement.

"Berengar, during my absence, you have turned out to be a far better ruler than I could have ever been. Not only have you expanded our territory and power, but you have begun to break ground on the construction of a magnificent city, all while balancing our coffers perfectly. Words can not express how impressed I am by your actions."

Berengar smiled as he heard the compliments from his father, who had been ruling the Barony of Kufstein for decades. However, the words that followed shocked him deeply.

"Because of this, it is with a heavy heart that I must announce that I am no longer in the condition to rule this land anymore. Thus today, I will formally abdicate in front of my Council and announce you, my only son and heir, as the new Viscount of Kufstein. I am sure you will go on to do great things in the future!"

Berengar was deeply astounded by these words; out of all the ends to his father's reign, he never figured the man would voluntarily abdicate and retire; as such, he had many questions for his father and his decision.

"I am to be the new Viscount? Then Father, what will you do?"

Sieghard chuckled lightly, which induced a slight cough; he told Berengar of his plans after recovering himself.

"I will retire to the countryside in a villa, where I will live out the rest of my days in peace. Some fresh air would do wonders for my condition."

Berengar sighed; this was truly the best end he could ask for his father. The man was now far too frail to go to war, as he had once desired; Hopefully, Sieghard could find some much-needed rest and cure the demons he harbored inside him, which began to manifest after what happened to Lambert.

He could tell Berengar was struggling with this news and decided to comfort him.

"Do not worry, my son, as I have already stated, you have done wondrously on your own, and I am certain you are destined for great things. I would only be holding you back if I continued to rule this land."

Though Berengar agreed with these words, he felt he would be missing something now that his parents would be moving away. On the other hand, Henrietta was concerned about her future and where she should go and, as such, asked her father like an obedient little daughter.

"Daddy? What will happen to me?"

The old Viscount stretched out his hand and grabbed onto his daughter's in an attempt to comfort her as he gave her one final order.

"You will stay here with your brother and obey his every command as if he were your father. He will provide for you and eventually find you a good husband to marry. I completely trust him in this regard."

Tears began to stream down Henrietta's eyes as she nodded her head in agreement. She could not make out the words she wanted to say and instead ran over to her father and hugged him. Linde, of course, was quite happy with the results. Despite the fact that Berengar currently held absolute authority in the territory due to his large and powerful army; the nobles were technically sworn in fealty to his father. As such, they had begun to grow quite rebellious with Berengar's many reforms. The only thing keeping them in check was the overwhelming might of Berengar and his military. With his father's formal abdication, they would have no excuse to disobey Berengar's orders and could not create any crazy conspiracy theories to justify the act of open rebellion.

After discussing things for some time, the family began to eat breakfast together. They did not have many more occasions to do so in the future, because of this they took advantage of this moment to enjoy time together as a mostly intact family. When the meal was finally over, Sieghard had gathered his Council in the Great hall where he sat upon the seat of power in Kufstein one last time. By his right-hand side was Berengar, who stood at attention. When every person of political importance within the town of Kufstein had gathered in the room, Sieghard stood up from his chair and made a shocking declaration, one which would go on to resound in history as a deciding factor in Berengar's rapid rise to power.

Standing boldly in front of the gathered nobles, Sieghard made his decree for all to hear.

"I Sieghard von Kufstein, first of my name and the current Viscount of Kufstein hereby declare my formal abdication of power, and henceforth transfer my Land, and titles, and wealth to my only son and heir Berengar von Kufstein! All kneel before your new Viscount!"

With those words being spoken, every person in the hall kneeled before their new sovereign with a great degree of respect. Berengar was now officially the Viscount of Kufstein and would wield his power to a great degree. The changes he would make in the following months would thoroughly transform Kufstein into a semi-modern state and invoke the ire of the Church and Nobles alike.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94: Legal Reforms
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks had passed since Berengar assumed the title of Viscount, and all of his father's Vassals had come and gone after swearing fealty to the new regime. Berengar, of course, was quite pleased with the results; even the hardcore backers of Lambert had swallowed their pride and knelt before him and kissed his ring. The fact that he did not need to fire a shot to ensure his controversial transition to power was a victory in and of itself.

Currently, Berengar was in his study going over the codification of laws in Kufstein and overhauling practically everything. The first change he provided was the concept of equal protection under the judicial system to all citizens regardless of class and gender. This in itself would become quite a point of contention towards the nobles in his territory. Still, as Viscount, and with an overwhelming military force under his direct command, he did not fear any act of insurrection on their part.

The second major act of reform was the establishment of an innocent until proven guilty system, inspired by the legal system of the country in which he resided in his past life Berengar completely turned the judicial system on its head with the establishment of proper courts, lawyers, law enforcement, and everything else you could think of for a semi-modern judicial system. The new legal codex had gotten rid of several asinine traditions like trial by combat which had actually been a way for people to determine trials within many of the Germanic regions.

The next major legal reform in which Berengar took care of was establishing a legislative branch of government that represented both the nobility and the commoners. To put it simply, the more Berengar expanded, the more work he found himself drowning under, and he needed a dedicated branch of government to handle these affairs for him. As such, he built a system inspired once more by the American legislative branch from his previous life. Essentially his congress had two chambers, much like America; however, it was split between a House of Commons and a House of Lords, much like Britain was in his past life.

The house of commons consisted of representatives of the common people who were voted into power by those same people. The House of Lords essentially acted as the Senate from Berengar's previous life and comprised members of the nobility who were voted into power by the nobility. Under this system, there were strict voting requirements. First and foremost, one had to be a citizen of Kufstein; second, they had to be male, thirdly they had to pass a literacy test, and finally, they had to be a full-blooded German which all of his citizens were because this was not exactly an era of globalism. Though Berengar had desired to create a Semi-Constitutional Elective Monarchy in the future which afforded representation to both the nobility and the common population, he was by no means an egalitarian.

Much like America, the territory that was currently known as the Viscounty of Kufstein would be split into more localized districts presided over by a similar form of local governance as America from his past life. With towns, town halls, mayors, etc. The districts themselves were ruled over by a Governor who was elected by the commoners, and the nobility of the region.

As far as the executive branch was concerned, the seat of power was ruled by the Viscount, who after Berengar's death would be elected by the House of Nobles from among the male members of his dynasty. If for whatever reason there were no surviving male members of his dynasty, then the next ruler would be elected from the female members, and she would be required to have a matrilineal marriage with her spouse. This would ensure the power would forever remain in his family's hands, but hopefully, the most competent member of his family would be succeeded. If the current Viscount chose to abdicate for whatever reason, he was also allowed one vote to decide who his successor would be. His position as Viscount held significant authority; like the president from America, he both signed bills into law, held power to pass executive orders, and was the commander in chief of the armed forces. The difference primarily being the fact that his position was for life, or until voluntary abdication.

Of course, Berengar did not forget to explicitly enact a separation of Church and State within these reforms, thoroughly dissolving any influence the Vatican had over secular affairs within the Viscounty of Kufstein. This action would undoubtedly incur the wrath of the Vatican, but what else was new? Berengar was definitely pleased with how stable and efficient he had made things as he glanced over the forms for review.

Obviously, these monumental changes would not go into effect immediately. To ensure everything progressed smoothly, this law was allotted a time span of five years for the complete transition of power. At the moment, these Legal Reforms were more of a declaration of his intentions on how he will proceed with the future of governance. However, these massive legal reforms would eventually become the basis of the Constitution of the German Empire.

He knew that by reforming the feudal system as early as possible, he could get the people in his territory accustomed to it. If he waited until he had an actual Kingdom or Empire under his command to implement these reforms, he would surely be fighting rebellions against the nobles for decades to come. Thus, he estimated things would go much more smoothly by starting the transition of power early on and incorporating the regions he would come to conquer into this process.

When Linde looked over these Legal Reforms, she was absolutely shocked at his changes; ultimately she began complaining about the situation. As a girl who had grown up as a pampered noble, she could not imagine giving up unlimited authority for future stability.

"So you're giving up your power just like that?"

Berengar chuckled and patted his lover's head as he tried to explain his actions.

"It is true that with these reforms, I will not hold absolute authority over the lands, but then again, when my territories expand into a mighty Empire, I will not have the time to micro-manage every facet of society. Times are changing; when the common people become educated and are given more spare time due to industrialization, they will inevitably demand representation in the government. To deny it would invoke revolution. By taking the first step to ensure the people's future, and by giving them a degree of representation which they have never seen before, they will see it as an act of divine benevolence and will come to see that my Dynasty is not a bunch of haughty noblemen presiding over them like cattle, but more like a shepherd defending his flock from the wolves."

Linde was completely shocked by his vision for the future and the fact that he was willing to give up absolute authority for the sake of creating a stable monarchy ruled by his family for generations. However, when she read about the succession laws, she could not help but smile and cling to him with a vice grip. She interpreted these laws as a way to place her future son on the throne despite being a bastard, not realizing that although Berengar saw Monarchy as one of the most efficient forms of government, the succession laws currently in place often managed to put the least effective ruler on the throne which had often resulted in disaster in both this timeline and the one of his previous life. As such his true intentions were that he was trying to mitigate such a result as much as possible.

Nevertheless, the Viscount and his lover stayed like this for some time, as they discussed the future implications of his laws and his idea for a united German Empire. Berengar was glad that he had someone he could discuss his vision with. Until now he had never really discussed his plans for the future with anyone, but with Linde by his side, he felt as if he could say just about anything to her without her stabbing him in the back. Before long, Berengar was forced back to work. Many things required his attention, especially mass recruitment into public education. As usual, there was truly no rest for the weary.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95: Alchemists Arrive in Kufstein
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When word of his Legal Reforms spread across the land, it was not just the nobles who were his vassals who had become upset by the news. In fact, pretty much the entirety of the Austrian nobility was outraged by such wild and ambitious ideas. For starters, they were unsure if Berengar actually had the legal authority to do this; technically, Berengar was a Vassal to Count Lothar, who was, in turn, a Vassal to the Duke of Austria. As such, it was entirely unclear if he had the legal authority to do away with the Feudal system in his own territory.

The second major point of contention was that he was essentially challenging the absolute authority of the Nobility across Europe as a whole when the commoners of other territories heard that their counterparts in Kufstein were going to be afforded political representation, and public education in Kufstein, one of two things, was going to happen. They would either abandon the land in which they slaved away upon for the sake of their Feudal overlords, or they themselves would demand representation in their territory and thus pave the way to revolution.

Berengar's actions had not exactly made him any friends. However, there was really not much they could do about it; rumors of him having the power to conjure thunder and lightning had spread across the German-speaking regions; not only that but Kufstein was a relatively isolated and fairly mountainous territory, it would be challenging to invade and would surely cost many lives. Needless to say, his reforms were woefully unpopular among the nobility of this feudal world.

As time passed and word inevitably spread, Kufstein received many German peasants running away from their masters and seeking a better life in Kufstein. This massive influx in the population of Kufstein rapidly expanded his workforce and sped up the production of the Grand Infrastructure Initiative, increased the size of his army, and enhanced industrial productivity.

Of course, the most important group who were attracted to the Viscounty of Kufstein by these bold new legal reforms were a group of fugitives on the run from the Church's persecution; these fugitives were Alchemists who had invoked the ire of the Church, as men of science commonly had done in the past. Knowing that Berengar was branded a Heretic by the Church, and seeing as how he had supposedly enacted legal reforms to separate the church from the political power of the State in his region, these alchemists arrived in Kufstein under cover of the many peasants seeking a better life, which despite the protests of nearby noblemen, Berengar refused to return to their former masters.

When they arrived in the growing City of Kufstein, the men comprised of this small group of alchemists numbering no more than a dozen were amazed by what they saw. The ongoing construction of the city walls set up in strange a star-like pattern, the large apartment complexes that were being built, the industrial sector which had technology they had never seen before, even the sewage treatment facility which was currently under construction had caught their eye. It was as if these men stepped into a land of technological marvels.

Of course, after sightseeing for some time, they made their way to the Castle's gates which were guarded by men in strange attire and unknown armor who wielded what appeared to be a hand cannon, but the design was not like anything they had ever seen before. When they approached the guards, they were quickly stopped by the bayonets affixed to their muskets, with the deep gruff voice of the squad leader giving them a command.

"Stop right there! The Viscount is not seeing guests at the moment!"

Fearing the unknown weapons, the group of fugitives quickly did as they were commanded while lowering their hoods, which revealed their faces. The man in front of them all was a tall and regal man who was in his fifties with a finely groomed set of gray hair, a matching mustache, and a monocle; the man quickly introduced himself and stated the urgency of his need to visit the Viscount.

"I am Aldo von Passau, former court Alchemist for the Duke of Bavaria, and these are my students. Please, I have urgent business to discuss with your Lord!"

The guards immediately looked at each other and began to discuss whether or not they should allow this group entry into the Castle. After all, Berengar had long since informed his men that if an alchemist ever arrives in his territory, he would very much like to meet them. However, they were also under strict orders not to let people into the Castle at the moment. Ultimately the squad leader decided to make an exception and allow the men to pass; if they were really who they claimed to be, Berengar would surely forgive them.

As such, the group of a dozen scholars were led to the Great hall where Berengar was currently working; their arrival surprised the young Viscount as he stared at the uninvited guests. Before he could inquire about their identities, his guards properly introduced the men.

"My Lord, I know that you have given us orders not to allow guests into the Castle, but these men claim to be alchemists, and as such, I thought you might like to meet them."

Berengar's sapphire eyes immediately sparkled with delight as he heard those words, and a smile beamed across his immaculate visage. Finally, after many months, he might have a group of dedicated chemists working for him. The mustached man with the monocle quickly introduced himself to Berengar.

"My Lord, I am Aldo von Passau, former Court Alchemist of the Duke of Bavaria; I have traveled a long way to meet you. I wish to offer my services to you and that of my students."

Berengar frowned when he heard this, he was quite skeptical about why a Court Alchemist of a Duke would bother coming to a lowly place like Kufstein. As such, he decided to investigate.

"If what you claim is true, then why are you here in my domain instead of at the Court in Bavaria?"

The man quickly explained his story, which was all too common for brilliant men in the medieval period. He was studying alchemy when he discovered some new advancement that the Church declared blasphemy in their massive ignorance; as such, he was declared a heretic, imprisoned, and his research was stolen. With the aid of hidden supporters in the Duke's castle, he escaped with his students and had been on the run since. He was quite lucky to escape. Otherwise, he most likely would have been burnt at stake.

After hearing his story Berengar thought it was plausible, but he wanted to confirm the man's story. As such, he would later task his spy network to determine if the man was telling the truth or not; if he were, then Berengar would gladly accept his employment. For now, he would provide shelter to the man and his so-called students. If they happened to be enemy agents, he would have no qualms lining them up against a wall to be shot.

As such, he informed the group of his decision.

"Until I can verify your identities, I will grant you shelter here in my domain, if your identities are properly verified, I have no qualms about offering you employment as I have a dire need for chemists, as for the consequences if you are lying to me, and seek to do me harm, well I'm sure you can imagine them yourself."

Aldo bowed gratefully to Berengar; he did not doubt that his identity and that of his students would be confirmed, and as such, had nothing to fear. Thus he thanked the local Viscount for his gesture before being lead away.

"I thank you for the kindness you have shown my student and me on this day, and I look forward to working for you."

The only thing Aldo thought was strange was that Berengar had used the term "chemist" instead of "alchemist," maybe he had misheard the young Viscount...

With the arrival of a dedicated team of alchemists in Kufstein, Berenar would teach them actual chemistry and would be able to accomplish many things in which he was currently lacking. As such, he was brimming with excitement; he truly hoped they turned out to be who they claimed and that they harbored no evil intent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96: Adelas Birthday I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The day was quickly arriving for Adela's thirteenth birthday, and the excellent set of jewelry in which Berengar had specifically crafted for his little fiancee was complete. The set comprised of a 24k gold necklace in the Tudor style from his previous life, with finely cut black garnet gemstones as well as an official engagement ring, made of a matching composition of materials, and finally, a pair of clip-on earrings, which was also made from gold and black garnet.

Ultimately when worn by Adela, it would be the most extravagant set of jewels in possibly all of Austria, and Berengar was greatly satisfied with the result of his craftsman. Linde gazed upon the magnificent jewels with a hint of jealousy as she looked at her own, which were exquisite in their own right, but not quite as grand as the set crafted for Adela, which were fit for a Queen or even an Empress.

She could not stop herself from remarking the grand expense Berengar was making to appease his future wife.

"I see Adela is getting a costly gift for her birthday..."

Berengar flicked Linde on his forehead and gave her a strict order

"Stop being jealous; it is only right that I spoil Adela; after all, she is to be my wife one day... As for you, I already have spoiled you more than enough!"

Though Linde continued to pout, she could not argue with his words; the sheer capacity of her wardrobe was filled to the brim with magnificent clothing designs and accessories in which Berengar had personally designed for her. Now that Berengar's parents had moved out, Berengar had taken the master bedroom as his own and moved Linde into the quarters with him. She no longer had to sneak around at night to spend time with him. If anything, despite being merely his lover, she was currently living the life of a wealthy Viscount's wife.

Ultimately Berengar had one final request of Linde before he departed for Graz, and he knew Linde would not like the decision he had come to. As such, with a heavy heart, he addressed his lover with a serious expression.

"Linde, I have a favor to ask of you..."

Linde was immediately aware of his tone and knew it would be something she disliked, but she nodded, signaling that he could continue. Thus Berengar made his request in an authoritative tone.

"I need you to stay here while I visit Graz. It would be inappropriate of me to arrive at my fiancee's birthday celebration with my lover in hand. Thus I have decided to leave you behind; promise me you will behave yourself while I am gone."

Linde had not expected Berengar to leave her behind while he went off to flirt with another woman. Though she knew nothing would happen between the two besides some childish kisses, she was still perturbed by the idea of being left out. Despite this, she knew this was not actually a request but an order, and as such, she obeyed her master's will, albeit begrudgingly.

"I will do as you command."

Berengar could tell by the expression on the young woman's face that she was not happy with the news, and as such, he made her promise to lift her spirits.

"I promise that when I return, I shall make it up to you."

With this, Linde smiled; she knew she would be able to use his actions as an excuse to monopolize him to herself for a few days, and thus she was instantly amicable to the arrangement. After saying this, Berengar gave her a parting kiss before leaving the Castle and entering his carriage. An entire company of Cuirassiers was tasked with guarding Berengar as he departed to Graz. Needless to say, he was properly guarded in the event some conspiracy was to take place.

After traveling for an uneventful 23 hours, Berengar and his caravan finally arrived at the castle in Graz, which currently acted as the capital of the County of Steiermark, over which the von Graz family presided. He was still a day early, but the von Graz family quickly greeted him as he arrived. Berengar immediately paid his respects to Count Otto von Graz, whom he had not seen since the engagement ceremony.

"Count Otto, it is an honor for you to receive me like this."

Count Otto returned his praise to Berengar; he was truly impressed with the boy's performance; it was not easy to expand the territory of a Barony into that of a Viscounty, and yet he had done it so rapidly that his liege did not have time to interfere. It was truly a remarkable feat; looking at the strange armor and weapons in which Berengar's "knights" wielded, Otto was immediately filled with curiosity. However, it would be inappropriate for him to ask about the details at such a time. After observing the force, the Count welcomed Berengar into his home.

"Viscount Berengar, the honor is all mine. I have heard of your exploits and am deeply impressed with your feats. To think that you would rise to such a level of power and infamy so quickly is quite astounding."

It had been a matter of months since Berengar had changed his character. Yet, during this time the youth had crushed a rebellion, removed his brother as a threat to his future, seized his neighbor's lands, and ultimately succeeded his father.

Of course, Berengar accepted the praise from the count with magnanimity

"You honor me with your praise, Count Otto."

the Count merely smiled and grasped Berengar's shoulder

"It is well earned, my son."

After exchanging pleasantries with Otto, Berengar walked over to Adela who was waiting patiently for her turn, after arriving in front of her Berengar began to pet her head as he greeted the girl.

"Adela, it has been some time since I last saw you; you have grown even more beautiful in my absence."

As always, Berengar played the part of a charmer with his little fiancee, causing her to blush at his words immediately. Despite her reaction, Adela was still quite mad with him about his affair with Linde in which she was almost certain of; as such, she muttered under her breath in a voice so low even Berengar could not hear it.

"Womanizer"

Berengar did not hear her properly and tried to clarify what she had said

"What was that? I'm afraid I didn't hear you."

The girl quickly snapped out of her daze and returned to her normal cheerful self; after putting on a wide smile, she accepted the praise Berengar had given her.

"I said thank you!"

After this brief reunion, Berengar entered the von Graz family's castle, which was significantly larger and more fortified than his own, where he spent the rest of the evening playing the part of a loving fiancee and a graceful Viscount.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97: Adelas Birthday II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day arrived with Berengar having slept alone in the chambers he was provided; he desperately missed the warmth that Linde's body had provided him these last few months; as such, he had difficulty falling asleep. After all, he was accustomed to spooning with his lover during the night, so much so that something felt horribly wrong without it.

Berengar decided to make today one of his rest days and thus spent his morning lazing about in bed; it was not until eleven in the morning where he finally rose from his much-needed rest and got prepared to face the day. As a man who was accustomed to sleeping in until the break of dawn, he was pleased with the long sleep he had gotten, especially after considering how long it took him to fall asleep during the night prior.

After arising from his bed, Berengar opted to take a bath and was extremely disappointed by the primitive wooden tub with linen cover, which Adela's family had used; this was undesirable, to say the least. It reminded him of the painful days when he had first reincarnated into this alternate Earth. Needless to say, he made his bath as short as possible as there was simply no way he was going to enjoy himself in such a pitiful excuse for a tub.

Berengar spent the remainder of his free time getting caught up with Adela, who was deeply concerned about his ongoing conflict with the church; she herself had personally studied Ludolf's Manifesto and the teachings of Berengar's Reformation. Though she agreed with most points, she still felt that the Church was not nearly as corrupt as outlined in the paper. Especially now that Berengar was excommunicated and condemned as a heretic, she felt it necessary to discuss religion with him now more than ever.

"Berengar, I worry for your soul; the Pope has condemned you as a Heretic! Do you not worry about the afterlife?'

Berengar merely smiled as he embraced Adela into a hug, he was glad that she was concerned for him, but the truth was he did not believe in such things; at most, he would be reincarnated again as he had already experienced. If not, he would become food for worms, as he had previously thought before his brief experience with death. As for the existence of heaven and hell, he was certain such things did not exist. Nevertheless, he did not admit to it and instead tried to comfort the girl with a similar message he had delivered to the Pope in the past.

"The Pope may have the authority to excommunicate me, however when I finally perish from this world and am set before the gates of heaven. Ultimately it is God, not the Pope, who shall determine whether I am worthy or not of entry to the Kingdom of Heaven."

Though Adela wanted to complain, she knew his words were true, or at least according to the bible. On the other hand, Simeon and many Popes before him would surely try to convince her otherwise. Yet because she had read the bible in which Berengar had accurately translated into German, she was convinced what Berengar spoke was the truth.

After their intimate moment was over, Adela could overhear her mother looking for her. When she finally found the two of them, they had already separated, and Adela, in particular, was blushing. The Countess had a look of concern on her face but decided not to ask about the question in her mind and instead informed Adela and Berengar that it was dinner time.

"Quickly, the both of you, come to the dining room. It is time for dinner!"

Berengar entertained Adela and her family, as well as the other guests who had arrived. He currently sat at the dining table across from Adela, where all of the nobles who had gathered for this occasion were present. The food on the table was one of Berengar's recipes in which he had given Adela as a parting gift when she had departed from his family's lands. After eating such exquisite cuisine, he could not allow her to go back to her house's relatively bland medieval food.

As such, there were all kinds of food across the table, ones to which Berengar was well accustomed; however, to many of the nobles who were visiting, this was the first time they had dined on such delicacies and were greatly shocked at the quality of the food. With one particularly fat noble giving his compliments to Count Otto

"Count Otto, these dishes are delightful; you must share the recipe with me!"

Count Otto smiled as he drank from his chalice of wine; after finishing his sip, he responded to the noble who was one of his many vassals.

"I'm sorry, but I do not have the authority to do so; these recipes are a gift from Viscount Berengar and were created in his realm. If you truly wish to obtain them, I am sure he would be willing to sell them to you for a fair price."

Berengar ever the scrupulous merchant could smell an opportunity he had not thought of before; why did he not think of selling his recipes across the German world? It was absolutely brilliant; he could spread traditional German culture from his old timeline and make a profit while doing it! Even though it would not be nearly as profitable as his steel, textile, and arms trades. He had already planned to expand into the jewelry trade by showing off Adela's presents in front of the nobility of Steiermark. Yet, the Count had given him another source of revenue that he had not thought of prior.

The fat noblemen quickly asked Berengar about the details of such a transaction.

"Viscount Berengar, name your price, and as long as you can fulfill it, I will buy any recipe you have!"

Berengar smiled, however before he could make his declaration, several other noblemen chipped in.

"Me too!"

"I also desire such fine recipes!"

eventually, the whole table had shifted the conversation to business, where Berengar sadly had to put a pin in their plans.

"We will discuss this later, now is not the time to discuss business."

Though the noblemen were impatient, they could not deny Berngar's words and, as such, forced themselves to calm down as they enjoyed the food that was present.

The remainder of the meal was fairly pleasant as Berengar chatted with the noblemen, and Adela chatted with the noblewomen who were all quite envious of her fiancee. On more than one occasion, one of the daughters of the noblemen who were invited approached Berengar in an attempt to win his favor but was quickly shut down by him. Berengar already had two women who fulfilled their roles perfectly, and he did not have the emotional capacity to deal with a third. As such, he made polite conversation with these girls but never once hinted that he was interested.

Adela, of course, watched him closely, like a vulture, but she found that Berengar did never attempted to flirt with any of the girls who approached him, even some of the more beautiful ones. This greatly pleased her as she began to believe that maybe Berengar was not a complete and total womanizer, though she was still certain he and Linde were an item. As such, for the moment, her fears were dissuaded, and she enjoyed the evening of her Birthday Celebration.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98: Adelas Birthday III
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After finishing the meal, the guests for Adela's birthday all sat around for a while and discussed things with one another. Shockingly the Duke of Austria had shown up to the occasion, alongside several of his children. This greatly showed how favorable Count Otto was in the eyes of the Duke. Duke Wilmar von Habsburg was the current head of the Habsburg Dynasty and the ruler over the entirety of the Duchy of Austria; he was relatively young for a man of his position, being in his mid-thirties, despite this, he already had several children in their teens.

One of his children who were attending the ceremony was a boy named Conrad, who was slightly younger than Adela and had been friends with her since childhood, where he held a crush on her for the longest period of time. Unfortunately, the girl had been sold off to her cousin by her wretched father for whatever reason. As such, he had to endure the humiliation of seeing the girl he most desired handed over to another man. One who he believed to be quite inferior to himself. Conrad was entirely unaware of Berengar's recent rise to power and his bold defiance of the Church. He never really kept up with the politics of the realm and instead enjoyed his time with frivolities.

As such, the boy decided it was time to approach the woman of his desires and see if he could win her over to his side. After all, who would want to marry a sickly fool like Berengar, I mean, there was clearly nobody at the party who remotely resembled the youth's description, and that meant that the scoundrel had not even bothered to show up to his fiancee's birthday celebration. Clearly, that must be a point of contention for Adela, which Conrad could use to win her favor.

"Adela, it has been a long time since we last met! I must say you have grown ever more beautiful since then. I heard you were betrothed to your pathetic and sickly cousin; surely you must disagree with such a decision? I mean, after all, a lowly Baron's son who does not even have the gall to visit his fiancee on the night of her thirteenth birthday is clearly not a match for a woman of your caliber."

Berengar, on the other hand, watched the display of the boy slandering him peacefully as he sipped from the wine contained within the golden chalice in his hand and narrowed his gaze upon this little rat who sought to steal his bride from him. Any man who coveted what belonged to him and made a move on it would surely suffer his wrath, no matter what their position may be in life. As such, he became quite hostile to the hyena who sought to steal his lioness and approached the boy with his hand extended in "friendship" as he introduced himself.

"I am Berengar, Viscount of Kufstein and Adela's fiance; who might you be?"

Conrad was shocked when the tall and strong man in front of him introduced himself as Berengar and as a Viscount. Clearly there had to be some sort of mistake? As such, he looked over to his father for support, who merely stared at his own son as if he were looking at an imbecile. Seeing his father was not going to support him in this matter, Conrad decided to take the word of this man claiming to be Berengar and reached out his hand to accept the gesture. When he did so, the boy felt as if a vice grip had squeezed his hand; Conrad nearly yelped in pain as Berengar kept a friendly expression on his face while sending a clear message to the little rogue who sought to abscond with his woman. Luckily Conrad had managed to contain himself and responded politely to Berengar, hoping that his background would save him from further pain.

"I am Conrad von Habsburg, son of Duke Wilmar von Habsburg, and an old friend of Adela's"

However, much to the boy's shock, Berengar did not let go of his vice grip and continued to shake his hand for another few seconds before releasing it. The sheer audacity to continue to threaten the boy after he had already made his superior position clear was something he could not fathom in his naive little brain. Fear instantly filled the boy's mind as he saw the sinister smile on Berengar's face and the authoritative look in his eye; despite being in a much lower position than himself, Berengar exuded an aura of domination that did not go unnoticed by the other lords, even Duke Wilmar gazed in curiosity at the foolish display his son was putting on. As if by the simple fact that Conrad was his son, the boy could steal this man's fiancee.

The Duke did not even take Berengar's actions as a sign of disrespect to himself, merely that the young man was confident in his ability to protect what was his. This was not an act of arrogance but overwhelming conviction. The more he observed Berengar, the more he desired him as a member of his council; despite his young age, Berengar was clearly competent, to say the least.

Ultimately Berengar's little display of authority was broken up by Adela who noticed that Conrad had been trembling in fright and thus glared at Berengar while tugging on his sleeves and pleading with a pouting expression.

"Berengar, he is just a boy, there is no reason to go this far to intimidate the kid!"

Adela's words wounded Conrad's pride more than anything else could have. At this moment, He finally realized that Adela had never viewed him as a potential partner. With her confirmation, he also realized that the man beside Adela really was Berengar, and he foolishly had attempted to swipe his fiancee away right before his eyes. After realizing the looks, he was receiving, Berengar retracted his tyrannical expression and put on a facade that made him seem like he was joking the whole time, as he tried to justify his actions to Adela, who was still pouting.

"I was just teasing the kid; there is nothing to worry about, right Conrad?"

The kid was grasping onto his own hand, which was now sore from Berengar's tight grip, and stammered as he tried to come back to his senses.

"Y... Yes, it was all good fun! I have to go now Adela, I will see you later."

With that, the boy returned to his father to lick his wounds only after suffering a humiliating defeat in front of all the lords and ladies of Steiermark. When Conrad finally reached his father, he was chastised for his behavior in the cold and monotone voice that he was so familiar with.

"You overstepped your bounds, Conrad, that man is formidable, and you openly coveted his future wife. You are lucky he showed you respect for your position."

Conrad began to throw a tantrum after being scolded by his father, which luckily went unnoticed by the surrounding nobles who were too busy conversing with Berengar and Adela.

"Showed respect for my position? He hurt my hand!"

Wilmar merely drank from his chalice with a stoic expression as he continued to lecture his errant son.

"The fact that he did not break your hand after your pathetic attempt to steal his woman was more than enough respect."

With these words, Conrad was instantly shut up by his father and sat in the corner in silence, rubbing his sore hands and reflecting upon his actions. Not only was he ever so slightly injured by Berengar, but the girl of his dreams so ruthlessly rejected him, and his father had chastised him for his actions. This was the most degrading day of his life.

As for Berengar and Adela they did not think twice about the occurrence after it had been dealt with. Even if the Duke wanted to pick a fight with him over teaching his son a valuable lesson, he would welcome it. Luckily for everyone, the Duke only felt respect for Berengar's actions; if the young Viscount had groveled when Conrad mentioned that he was the Duke's son, his estimation of Berengar truly would have plummeted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99: Adelas Birthday IV
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After conversing with the guests for nearly an hour, the dessert was brought out, which of course, was a giant German Cheesecake, which was made from Berengar's recipes. Adela, who had witnessed Lambert's birthday, had followed Berengar's tradition and placed thirteen candles on the cake, which we're currently lit. Before the birthday girl had managed to blow out the candles, Berengar made sure to shout out.

"Make a wish!"

After hearing his words, Adela made a wish in which only she would know the details of before blowing the candles out with a simile on her face. At first, many of the nobles were confused by the candles and cake. Still, it seemed fun, and they instantly desired to do it at their future birthday celebrations, especially among the younger generation.

As for Berengar, he waited for Adela to receive her gifts before giving his last. She had received many expensive objects, from silk dresses to old literature. However, nothing she received would compare to the set of jewels Berengar would give her. After opening all her presents, all that was left was the gifts from her fiance. Many higher noblemen smirked with disdain at Berengar, who only recently achieved status as a Viscount and surely would not be able to afford a proper gift. However, when Adela received his present, which was properly wrapped, she could not wait to open it and see what was inside.

Anxiety was filled on the faces of everyone in the room, as they wanted to see what kind of humble gift a man who had grown up as a Baron's son and heir could provide such a high-class fiancee. However, their eyes turned to shock when they gazed upon the extravagant set of jewelry that was unlike anything the nobility had ever seen before. The look on Adela's face was priceless when she realized the gems were better than anything that her mother wore. Even the Duke was stunned at the magnificent display of the polished black garnet and gold jewelry. Of course, Berengar made the set in the colors of his house as a symbol of their future union.

Before Adela could speak her praise Berengar had pulled the luxurious ring out of the container and bent down on one knee before placed the gilded object upon the young girl's ring finger. After doing such an action, Berengar spoke to his young fiancee with a genuine smile spread across his lips.

"Happy Birthday, my sweet Adela; I hope all of your wishes come true!"

Hearing those words, Adela's face began to flush with embarrassment. During the romantic scene, several feminine shrieks could be heard escaping the lips of some of the more envious young women in the audience. They, too, hoped that one day they could have a fiance as handsome and generous as Berengar.

Count Otto could not help but approach Berengar and inquire where he had gotten such an elegant set of jewelry; after all his wife was giving him death glares over the fact that her youngest daughter now had even better jewelry than herself. Even his other daughters were giving the Count the stink eye; the pettiness of women was something that could not be avoided.

"Berengar, my son, Where did you get such a majestic set of jewels?"

A slight smile spread across his lips, just as he had planned, everyone in the room had taken the bait, and now he could expand into the business of jewelry. As such, he boldly proclaimed the origins of the jewelry for everyone in the room to hear.

"I had it specially made by the jewelers in my territory, though I was the one to provide them with the basic designs; it was the craftsmen of my industrial district who managed to create such a grand display of art!"

The words he spoke sent shivers down the spines of everyone in the room. Did he seriously design this jewelry? Just like how he designed the clothing in which Adela and her family wore? Immediately everyone wanted to do business with Berengar and the craftsmen in his Viscounty. Even the Duke was surprised; this young man was not just an excellent statesman and a brilliant commander, but an artistic genius!

Truthfully speaking, Berengar merely copied designs from his previous life and decided to make them with colors he thought looked best: black and gold. Aside from that, he left the rest up to the true artists of his territory. If he were to try to develop an artistic design on his own, it would be an unmitigated disaster akin to so-called "modern art." He was more of a mind of science, engineering, and tactics than a creative type. Luckily he had a good sense of aesthetics, and photographic memory, so the designs for clothing and accessories, which he thought were beautiful from his previous life, were easy to replicate on paper. At the same time, the rest of the work was done by true craftsmen.

While Berengar was addressing Adela's father, the now-teenage girl grabbed ahold of his hand, which startled him; when he turned around, she had stood up from her seat and pecked him on the lips for all her father's vassals to witness. The action was incredibly embarrassing for the young maiden, but she managed to express the words deep in her heart.

"Thank you..."

It was blatantly obvious by how red the girl's cheeks were that she was extremely embarrassed by the whole situation; however, what Berengar said next nearly melted her heart.

"You don't need to thank me; it is a Husband's responsibility to look after his Wife."

With those words spoken by Berengar, Adela was no longer angry at him for being with Linde because no matter what relationship he had with the young temptress, Linde would never be his wife, and as such, Adela could hold her head high with pride. Thus at that moment, she had finally accepted the possibility of Berengar having a lover on the side; after all, she knew deep in her heart that one day Berengar would become a great man, and didn't all great men have some mistress?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100: A Passionate Speech
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nearly six months had passed since Adela's birthday, and Berengar had long since returned to his home, where he continued to oversee the construction of his city, the transition of power, the expansion of his armies, and of course, the progress of industry. It was now winter, and Berengar stood in the middle of his newly constructed Reichstag, which operated as the chamber for his House of Commons. Seated within the room were the many men who had been deemed intelligent, capable, and charismatic enough to represent the interests of the Common people of Kufstein.

The Young viscount was giving a powerful speech to the lower house of his legislative Branch about Kufstein's achievements since his father had voluntarily abdicated, leaving him control of the entire territory.

"Over the past several months, we all have worked tremendously to enrich further the lands in which we call home. Thanks to the Chemistry department, we have been able to refine a large amount of TNT, which has been instrumental in rapidly expanding the operations of the many mines within the Viscounty, which have fueled our growing industries. Bringing us a significant degree of autonomy and wealth!"

The ears of the commoners who were now elected officials of Kufstein's transitional government listened intensely to Berengar's impassioned speech, carefully paying attention to each word spoken as if it was being uttered from the voice of God.

"The mighty walls which shall secure the future of the City of Kufstein have been fully erected, constructed from steel-reinforced concrete blocks; they shall provide safety and security for every citizen who dwells within them for many years!"

Several of the Congressmen nodded in approval; the investment into the walls was considered of dire importance and had been the first among many rapid changes that have come to the region.

"As far as defense is concerned, we have amassed three whole infantry battalions, 2 entire artillery battalions, and a full Cuirassier battalion to act as the First Field Army of Kufstein. Forts have been constructed among the inhabited regions of the Viscounty and are fully garrisoned, as is the City, thus adding a great degree of protection to the lands and its people! I dare say the City of Kufstein could be laid siege to by an army of a hundred thousand men, and we would still be the victors!"

The House of Commons was all too familiar with the Army's funding and was fully supportive in the endeavor. Even though the government was originally supposed to be a mixture of the USA and Great Britain from Berengar's previous life, the Constitution was already redrafted four times to the point where it now greatly resembled the constitution of the German Empire from that timeline. However, the primary differences being in regards to the degree of authority in which the head of state held, which was significantly more than the Kaiser from Berengar's past life, and the succession laws which remained elective, albeit with more protections in place to ensure a peaceful transition of power from one Viscount to the next, and to avoid any form of corruption within the electorate. In essence, Berengar still held significant authority as the Viscount and could do practically whatever he wanted as long as it was within reason. In truth, the Parliament acted more as a means to alleviate the heavy burdens of work that Berengar had to endure rather than act as a way to limit Berengar's authority.

Berengar continued his fervent speech as he began to transition from the topic of defense to that of housing.

"Thanks to the ongoing efforts of our construction team, a series of affordable and comfortable tenements have been erected to reduce the horrendous conditions in which the common people have had to endure as a result of our rapid increase in population, and urbanization. With proper plumbing and sanitation, we have significantly reduced the risk of an outbreak of a dangerous disease."

Every one of the members of parliament had a look of pride on their faces as many of their families were living in these wonderful apartment complexes, which had sprawled up and replaced the slums in which the City had previously been plagued with. They continued to listen to Berengar as he moved on to the topic of Agriculture.

"Our agricultural initiatives have proven to be a resounding success as the serfs have been liberated, and the farmers who chose to remain in the fields have been given the tools and knowledge necessary to tend to their fields with a minimal amount of labor while resulting in the greatest yields possible. The harvest this year was multiple times larger than any in the history of Kufstein! As such, we have stored plenty of grain to sustain our population for the years to come."

The last topic in which Berengar had addressed was the field of public education.

"Under the Department of Education, schools have begun being constructed in every inhabited region, and we have seen a rapid rise in literacy rates. We will continue to work hard to provide the knowledge and resources that both the young and the old need to succeed in the path they choose in life! As such, I implore every one of you to do your best in the upcoming year as many of these directives are still incomplete and will need your assistance. I ask this of you all so that we may turn this land we call home into a land in which we can all be proud of!"

With his closing statements, the entire crowd of parliament rose to their feet and erupted in applause and cheers. Not a single man had stayed seated, as that would be a sign of disrespect to the man who helped transform Kufstein into what it is today.

While Berengar was basking in the glory of his accomplishments, far to the north in the capital of the Kingdom of Germany, the time had finally come. The old monarch laid lifeless on his death bed; his reign had come to an end. With his passing, the stability and peace he had brought to the Kingdom of Germany and the many fractured realms that it comprised of would come to a brutal end. When the pretenders who had sought to press their claims to the Throne became aware of this information, the German world would be embroiled in the fires of war. No region was safe now that the King was dead, not even Kufstein...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101: Victory in the East
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lambert currently wielded his longsword with a great display of skill. He was currently locked in combat against a Muscovite heavy cavalryman on the ramparts of a large stone fortress. Lambert had long since earned his way into the Teutonic Order, and due to the favoritism the Grand Master showed him, he rapidly rose in the ranks. At the moment, he was leading an army of men to breach the walls of the Rus stronghold, which was laid on their path to Moscow. These last six months, the Teutonic Order had thrown everything at the Muscovites and was not far from seizing Moscow.

Just when Lambert thought he had gotten the better of his opponent, the man slashed his heavy cavalry saber across Lambert's great bascinet; unfortunately for the Muscovite, Lambert was covered from head to toe in steel plate and was completely unphased by the attack. Instead, he managed to catch the Muscovite off guard, and by switching his grip to the blade, Lambert could land a murder stroke on his opponent's helmet effectively. After the pommel of his sword connected with the Muscovite's iron helmet, the man collapsed to the ground, where Lambert could get atop him and drive his blade through the Muscovite's iron mail veil; piercing the man's throat sending him to the afterlife.

After killing the man, Lambert looked around to see his men had cleared out the enemy position; at this point, the only area left with enemy soldiers would be the keep. Once they had forced their way into the area and cleared out any survivors, the fortress would fall into the hands of the Teutonic State. As such, Lambert rushed to the front of the fray and ordered his troops forward.

"Take the keep!"

Leading the way with a sword in hand, Lambert charged towards the keep's gates, which were barred from the inside. It did not take long for the battering ram to arrive, where Lambert and his forces busted down the door revealing a group of heavily armored elites, clad from head to toe in the distinctive Rus mail and plate armor. Once the Keep's door was busted down, a frenzied melee broke out as Teutonic knights and Muscovite elites battled it out to determine who would be the victor. Despite resisting until the very last man, the Muscovites soon found themselves butchered like common hogs, leaving the besieged fortress in the hands of the Teutonic Order.

Days passed while Lambert and his men cleaned the fortress of the signs of battle and reinforced its defenses. Lambert and his army of 2,500 men were left to defend the region. However, before long, the defenders of the recently captured fortress noticed the sight of allied banners flying in the wind. The distinctive white field emblazoned with a black cross could be seen in extraordinary numbers carried by the many iron-clad men beneath them. The Grand Master and his army had arrived at last.

After seeing that the battle was already over, the Grand Master felt impressed by Lambert's abilities; he was truly an excellent commander, and the older man patted himself on the back for recognizing such talent. The Grand Master quickly rode through the gates of the fortress, where he got off his horse and greeted Lambert.

"Brother Lambert, I see you successfully captured this fortress despite being greatly outnumbered!"

Lambert smiled at the praise from the old man who had aided him greatly during his time with the Teutonic Order. However, he quickly noticed the letter which was in the man's hands and inquired about it.

"What is that?"

The Grand Master handed Lambert the letter and briefly summarized its contents as the boy read it.

"The King of Germany is dead, and with his death opens an opportunity to get rid of the Berengar Heresy. While the lords of the German realm fight among themselves for the throne, which is nothing more than an honorary title, the Pope has ordered me to send a force to mop up your brother's mess. Considering we will soon be ending this war, I have decided to dispatch 10,000 men with you at the command to put down your heretic of a brother."

After hearing those words, Lambert's eyes glistened with excitement, and a wicked smile formed across his face, it had been nearly 8 months since he had been exiled, and he spent the majority of that time honing his skills in combat. He had never forgiven his family for what they had done, especially Berengar and Linde. He would never forget the humiliation he suffered at their hands; as such, he was more than eager to accept the mission. Thus he knelt before the Grand Master and spoke in a chivalric facade.

"It would be an honor!"

Though the Grand Master knew this issue was deeply personal to the boy, he did not care. At the least, Lambert acted piously, and in the end, that was all that really mattered. As such, he motioned for Lambert to rise as the Grand Master led him to the troops in which Lambert would be commanding. Not only were the 2500 men already under his command among their ranks, but he was given a large number of veterans to take with him. It would take several months for an army to march from the borders of Moscow to Kufstein; during this time, Lambert would greatly look forward to enacting his vengeance upon his brother like he had planned for so long.

After all, if the Pope supported him in his endeavors to end his brother's reign, then clearly God must be on his side, or so he thought. Unfortunately for him, Berengar had been rapidly expanding his armies over the past 6 months. Though he might be outnumbered when the Teutonic Order finally arrived with their first invasion, he most certainly would not be outgunned. Thus an army marched back to the fatherland with the intent to kill a heretic and butcher the people of his lands; from there, they would spread across the warring states of Germany and lay waste to as many heretics as they possibly could, such as the divine will of Christ!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102: Plans for the Future
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After addressing the Reichstag, Berengar returned to his Castle, which he lived in for the time being while his palace was being constructed. He thought deeply about the composition of his transitionary government. Truth be told, the current House of Commons and the House of Lords were not exactly large in number, nor were they voted into power. Instead, Bernegar placed those who had proven themselves competent and understanding of his reforms into the poisition for the time being to act as a form of governance during this transitional period. At the same time, he would spend the next few years educating the population enough to allow for a proper vote.

The House of Commons was filled with the commoners who already had a basic understanding of reading, writing, and trades. During the later part of the medieval period in which Berengar currently fond himself, towns and cities had commoners who were not mere serfs and who instead worked in trades within the local community, and it was these partially educated people, much like Ludwig, who were appointed to work in his rudimentary "Parliament."

In reality, the House of Commons comprised a dozen or two people whose current responsibility was to take some of the work off of Berengar's shoulders and act as a public face of political representation. As for the House of Lords, the men within it were far more educated and responsible for the overwhelming majority of work, at least for the time being. They were mostly comprised of the younger generation of nobility who proved to be more amicable towards Berengar's revolutionary ideas.

Technically these actions were legal under Berengar's so-called Constitution, as he gave the head of state the power to directly appoint people into positions of power, including the parliament, as well as remove them, or even directly dissolve parliament as a whole where he could then appoint whoever he wished for the position, or call for a re-election.

After returning to the Castle, he quickly found himself hugging Linde and the newborn boy who was within her arms. Linde had recently given birth to a son named Hans, who Berengar had officially recognized as his. However, he had not fully legitimized the child as doing so would provoke Otto into dissolving the engagement he had to Adela, which he could not afford to do. Of course, this was a massive scandal in its own right, and Otto nearly broke the engagement anyway; it was only thanks to Adela and her insistence upon marrying Berengar that it remained in place.

After embracing his lover, and his child, Berengar kissed Linde on the lips and asked her the question on his mind.

"How is my baby doing?"

Linde gave him a sly look as she cooed the sleeping child before addressing Berengar's question.

"Do you mean the child or me?"

Berengar smirked as he responded to his lover

"I mean both!"

Linde smiled gently as she held onto her infant son before handing him over to his father.

"We're good, Hans is an extraordinarily healthy young boy, or so Ewald says!"

Berengar smiled at the news; the last thing he wanted was his firstborn child to suffer from the same degree of frailty and illness that he had endured in his youth. Meanwhile, he thought to himself in the back of his head.

'Mother, Father, you finally have a grandchild. It is just a shame you will not be able to meet him!"

Obviously, he was referring to his parents from his previous life, whom he had left behind with absolutely no grandchildren to speak of. To this day, he deeply regretted how his fate had turned out in his past life, yet there was nothing he could do about that. If he had not died in Afghanistan and transmigrated to this Alternate World, he never would have met Linde or Adela, nor would he be able to achieve the great things he had already accomplished in this world. To Berengar, this was only the start of his legacy.

After holding onto his son for a little bit, he returned the boy to his mother, who had a worried expression on her face, it had nothing to do with the child, and Berengar immediately noticed that. After placing the baby in his crib, Linde began to address the recent news she had received.

"The King is dead..."

Berengar was not surprised by this news and was actually quite happy about it; this meant that his plans for conquest could begin soon enough. Of course, the first objective on his list was to seize Innsbruck and declare himself Count of Tyrol; as such, his first question was regarding Linde's family.

"When will your father attack Vienna?"

Linde did not have the slightest bit of guilt as she revealed her father's plans to her lover as if it were the most natural thing in the world.

"He will march upon Vienna in a week; it should take him at least a fortnight for his army to reach the Capital. By now, the Duke has already begun moving his forces to Bavaria where he will fight with the Wittelsbachs for the title of King."

Berengar nodded with a stern expression on his face before responding to the information.

"Then I will march upon Innsbruck in a month; it should be more than enough time for the Count to have begun his siege."

Linde wrapped her arms around Berengar and kissed him passionately as she conspired with her master against her father and her family.

"Should I address you as Count Berengar?"

Berengar laughed at the young temptress's response before flicking her on the nose; she could not wait to have another child. Unfortunately for her, Berengar was adamant about waiting at least six weeks after having her child before they could engage in their usual nightly fun. Seeing as Linde had not yet had her proper period of rest, Berengar easily broke away from her grasp. To avoid complications after the delivery, it was best to wait a while before engaging in such activity. Since Berengar wanted both of his women to live as long as possible, he chose to abstain for the time being. Thus he teased Linde slightly as he responded to her temptation.

"Not yet, I refuse to use such a title until I have gained it by right of conquest!"

Of course, by refusing her, Linde began to pout; though Berengar had explained his reasoning for doing so, she still felt lonely without making love to the man she desired. Nevertheless, it was only for a short time longer, and thus the couple got ready for bed. Tomorrow was a day where Berengar would spend mostly with his troops, getting them ready for combat. His forces had grown substantially over the last six months, and he was confident in claiming the County of Tyrol for himself and putting down any rebellions that would naturally occur from the Lords who swore fealty to Count Lothar.

When the time came for Count Lothar to call the banners to war, Berengar would provide him with a force of Mercenaries and a gift of gold to apologize for his absence. Though it would surely infuriate the man, it would undoubtedly be accepted. Thus leaving Berengar and his superior armies with the ability to march on Innsbruck. Though he was unaware that an Army of Teutonic Knights was marching towards his lands, that would not stop his plans from coming to fruition. Even if he were aware of their advance, he would still behave in the same way; after all, with the might of his guns, he could bring Tyrol under his control before they even arrived. It was the dawn of a new era, a German era, one where Berengar would crown himself emperor!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103: God With Us!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The light of dawn shone through the Castle windows as Berengar was quickly awakened; his child had slept soundly through the night, which was a rare occurrence at this point. Because of this, the man was finally able to get a good night's rest. Seeing as how he would be with the troops today, Berengar did not bother with his morning exercise and instead began to get dressed in his military attire. By now, his armor was comprised of blackened steel three quarter's plate that was gilded in the same gold pattern as his previous set; it came with matching gauntlets.

The armor set even had an armored codpiece to protect his groin and a pair of matching rondels. Of course, the codpiece was hidden beneath his waffenrock; as such, he did not feel embarrassed for having such a piece of equipment. Berengar also wore a golden sash across his breastplate. The black and gold armor went over his matching Landsknecht attire; he still wore the feathered cap over the blackened steel skull cap. He wore a heavy cavalry sword based upon the British pattern 1788 cavalry sword, tied to his waist by a black leather sword belt with brass fittings.

The sword itself had a gold-plated guard and a black leather grip that was wrapped in gold wire. The blade itself was made of Damascus steel imported from the east, it was initially designed to be his wedding gift, but seeing as that was a few years away still, Ludwig had gifted it to him for his birthday, which was in the middle of October.

After dressing in his attire, he snuck out of his quarters, leaving his sleeping lover and child to continue their rest. He quickly found himself in the kitchen where he was prepared a set of field rations, after which he went to the Castle's stables and mounted his trusty steed Erwin, where he placed a set of two pistols within the holsters on its saddle.

After riding out to the field, Berengar met with Eckhard, who was already commanding the infantry in their daily drills. The infantry was fully equipped with the black steel armor and black and gold Landsknecht attire issued to all of his troops. Nearly a quarter of his troops were equipped with the new 1417/18 Rifled Musket, which had been rebored and rifled to accept the .58 caliber Minie ball projectile. Because of this, part of his infantry now had the ability to engage targets beyond 300 yards. They were formed into their own rifle companies and fought alongside the standard smoothbore musketeers.

The combined tactics of rifleman and musketeers would prove to be an effective means of combat, at least until he could manage to have all of his muskets rebored into the new design. Over the past six months, the army had grown into quite the professional force, with its own officer class made up of a mixture of knights, nobles, and commoners. Seeing as it was entirely based upon merit, anyone could become an officer with the right education and training. Since he did not have time to set up a full-fledged military academy, Berengar had been making do with selecting rare talents and training them with his vision of early modern warfare.

Eckhard noticed the Viscount approaching and quickly saluted him. The army which had been mustered quickly did the same. it was only after he returned his salute and gave his orders did the men relax

"At ease."

Seeing all his soldiers standing before him, Berengar made sure to communicate his orders effectively.

"The King is dead; war will be upon us shortly; I trust you have all been properly trained in the past few months; as such, we will be setting off in a month. At the moment, our target is confidential. However, when the time to march comes, you will all be properly informed of our destination. Thus, I want all of you prepared for the eventual day of our conquest! I won't lie, we will be gone for some time, and many of us may not return. However, for the prosperity of the realm and your families' continued fortune, we must fight! God with us!"

The last part had been a war cry Berengar had stolen from the Germans of his previous life. He had made sure every soldier was aware of this battle cry over the past few months, and the moment he yelled those words into the air, the army of several thousand men echoed by responding with the same chant.

"God with us!"

As such, Berengar spent the rest of his day overseeing combat drills while standing alongside Eckhard, who watched the perfect display of tactics being conducted. Eckhard had a look of concern on his face as he knew of Berengar's plans, he and the officers were already aware of what was to come, and they had known for quite some time what Berengar's aspirations were. Eventually, the man voiced his concerns.

"We have 5,250 men, it is not a bad number, but if we are to conquer the County of Tyrol, we will surely be facing stiff resistance. After seizing Innsbruck, the lords of the Realm will rebel against us. However, many of them and their professional armies will be off with Lothar siege to Vienna; their children will surely raise levies to defy our authority. Our numbers will be stretched thin fighting against every barony and viscounty within the County. By the time Lothar arrives with his armies, we will be fighting several small-scale wars across Tyrol, which will put us in a poor position."

Berengar chuckled at Eckhard's concerns before brushing them aside and comforting his most talented General by clasping his shoulder.

"My old friend, what you say is true; that is certainly one possibility in which war can result. However, I am not concerned in the slightest; after all, I have an ace in the hole."

Eckhard quickly realized Berengar was referring to Linde, and he looked at him with an anxious expression.

"You are going to use her to conspire against her father while he is besieging Vienna?"

Berengar nodded with a satisfied expression on his face, as always with the slightest direction; Eckhard caught onto his schemes. However, the old knight's next words were unexpected.

"That is cruel, even for you."

However, what Berengar said next greatly shocked Eckhard

"It was her idea."

letting out a great sigh, Eckhard admitted defeat before his Lord and General

"You two are truly made for each other..."

Though the old Knight had great respect for Berengar, he vastly preferred when Berengar used the might of his armies to display his dominance on the field of battle, rather than when he schemed behind the scenes to lead his opponents into a trap.

Nevertheless, Berengar could easily manipulate Lothar and his Vassals into falling to his ploys with Linde's aid. As such, he looked forward to the upcoming war and the day he could proclaim himself Count. Berengar gazed at the scene of his army's drills and grinned at the sight he had a good feeling about the future; if God truly existed, surely he was on Berengar's side. If not, why else would he be dragged into this world and put into a position of power?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104: Call to Arms!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Much like Linde had predicted, within a week, Berengar received a letter from Count Lothar informing him to rally his forces and begin the march to war. In the northern parts of Germany, battles were already being waged between the House von Luxembourg with the backing of their allies against the House von Wittelsbach. Duke Wilmar of Austria had already begun his march into Bavaria with the majority of his forces thus launching an attack on the Wittelsbach's while their main army was away. However, he foolishly trusted Lothar with the defense of the border in which Tyrol shared with southern Bavaria.

After receiving the summons, Berengar had sent the mercenaries he had already prepared for the occasion to rally at Innsbruck, with a chest of silver and a letter informing Lothar of Berengar's "temporary" absence. Currently, Lothar was standing in the Great Hall of Innsbruck surrounded by the various nobleman who had answered his call to arms where he was reading Berengar's letter aloud for all to hear.

"Dear Count Lothar von Habsburg-Innsbruck,

It is with a heavy heart I must inform you that I am unable to reach the rally point at Innsbruck at this time. Due to several complications, mostly due to weather, I cannot round up my forces in time to meet up with you and your other Bannerman. As such, I have sent this small force of mercenaries and a trove of silver to act as compensation for my absence. I will rendezvous with you at the location of the target when conditions permit it.

Sincerely,

Viscount Berengar von Kufstein"

The various noblemen who had gathered could not prevent themselves from scoffing at the contents of this letter. Clearly, the young Viscount was a coward, hiding behind his walls while the rest gathered for the future conflict. Many of these men had done business with Berengar and felt a great sense of disdain for the man who helped supply them with the equipment they needed to field their armies. A middle-aged Viscount was first to voice his objection to the matter.

"Does the boy seriously intend to sit back and wait for the battle to be over before arriving? Apparently, my estimation of the "Mighty Berengar" was greatly exaggerated!"

The excuse of weather conditions was laughable after all these men lived in Tyrol and suffered the same conditions, yet they had all managed to answer the call to arms. Though some of the Noblemen were happy with Berengar's absence, he was known to be an excellent commander, and they did not want to compete with him when it came to rising in the ranks when Lothar came to power.

Lothar merely stood in silence for a few moments thinking over the reasoning for Berengar's actions, yet not once did he suspect that the young Viscount was about to stab him in the back and lay siege to his home while he was off at war. Thus he made an equally foolish decision as Duke Wilmar and permitted Berengar's behavior, as the old Count decided he would permit Berengar to stay in Kufstein until his forces were ready for battle.

Part of his reasoning for this was that Lothar had vastly underestimated the power of Berengar's armies. He was unaware of the vast military buildup which Berengar had made over the previous months, nor how well every one of his soldiers was equipped. Firearms were still a rare and primitive design at this point in history and considering Berengar had done an excellent job of hiding the effectiveness of his muskets and cannons, Lothar merely believed he had a few peasant levies equipped with the not so impressive hand cannons.

On top of this, Lothar had purchased all of the high-quality equipment from Berengar's professional forces shortly after the war with Kitzbühel, and due to how busy Berengar had been selling arms and armor to other forces, he did not believe the young Viscount had time to equip his own army properly. Lothar had little need for a bunch of under-equipped levies, this was a more sophisticated era of warfare where smaller armies of professional men at arms fought against one another, the days of massive hordes of peasant levies equipped with hunting spears, and a lack of armor was long passed. Thus he made a bold declaration in front of all the gathered noblemen

"Forget Berengar; if he wants to hide behind his castle walls like a coward, then I will allow it; we march to Vienna at first light!"

The gathered noblemen all nodded with a satisfied expression; without Berengar and his armies, they felt a lot more secure about gaining Lothar's favor. Though they were entirely unaware of the already strained relationship between the young Viscount and Count Lothar, thus they were unable to predict the vicious thoughts that Lothar was secretly thinking in the back of his wicked mind

'When I am done with Vienna, I will come to root you out of your castle and have you beheaded for this act of treason!'

Clearly, the target of his vengeance was Berengar; Lothar had never forgiven the boy for spoiling his schemes with lambert, nor had he forgotten the fact that he turned his daughter into an unwed teenage mother. Who would possibly marry his daughter now? He had tried to convince Berengar to take responsibility and marry Linde, but the boy was stubborn about marrying the von Graz girl, and this by itself had made Count Lothar thirst for his blood.

As such, Lothar spent the remainder of his waking hours going over his plans for dealing with Berengar; after all, by the time the Teutonic Order arrived in Kufstein, Lothar was certain he would be a Duke. By then he could truly gather a great force to crush this little ant who kept invoking his ire. Lothar had no way of knowing that Adelheid had been sniffing through his office while he slept that night, looking for any semblance of a plot against Berengar; on behalf of her sister, she willingly worked with the young Viscount to overthrow her malevolent father.

During that night, Adelheid found letters from the Papacy informing Lothar that the Teutonic Order had already sent an army of 10,000 soldiers on the warpath to Kufstein and that they would be arriving in a matter of months. The girl rapidly copied the contents of the correspondence and sent it to Linde in the cover of night. Her father and his allies were completely unaware that his home in Innsbruck was already compromised by Berengars vast spy network. These spies would have a role to play in the upcoming Siege of Innsbruck, which would forever go down in history as a major event of Berengar's rise to dominance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105: A Broken Betrothal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Adela von Graz was currently standing in the center of the Great Hall of her family's house with tears in her eyes as she argued with her elder brother Gerhart von Graz. Gerhart was a young man on the verge of his twenties and, as such, was a couple of years younger than Berengar. Being cousins, the young men shared some striking similarities in appearance; they both had a refined and regal appearance being the personification of the ideal prince charming in the eyes of many young girls. They were both tall and lean while still being muscular, and they both had glamorous golden blonde hair. However, Gerhart's hair was much longer than Berengar's and was not slicked back; Gerhart, however, had his father's emerald eyes.

If one were to state what Gerhart's relationship with Adela was, it was that of an extremely over-protective big brother, to the point where many would label him a sis-con. He had never been fond of Adela's engagement to Berengar and had voiced his concerns to his father many times. The grudge between the two cousins goes back well over a decade when they were small children and had only grown over time. Until a year ago, Berengar was considered a sickly, indolent, pompous twit incapable of accomplishing anything significant in life. However, when this changed practically overnight, and Berengar started becoming exemplary, Gerhart greatly approved of his transformation.

Of course, his approval always coincided with his contempt; after all, he did not want to hand his little sister over to any man, let alone Berengar. As such, it was not long before he began to detest Berengar once more. Berengar had made many bold actions that did not sit well with a devout catholic like Gerhart. Berengar's open defiance of the church, his spread of heresy, and his execution of the Inquisitors was a far bigger deal to Gerhart than any other members of his family.

Berengar's legal reforms which spat in the face of the old nobility, also managed to invoke the ire of the young Regent. Still, all of those paled in comparison to Berengar's most recent revelation, which had crossed Gerhart's bottom line and made him have a great sense of disdain for his cousin. Berengar's public declaration that Linde's bastard child was his own son etched a deep sense of hatred into Gerhart's bones. Yet despite all of this, Adela had continued to support Berengar; Gerhart could not imagine what sorcery Berengar had played to control his precious little sister's mind to the point where she had defended his scandalous actions and continued to support the idea of marrying the scoundrel.

Ultimately, there was nothing he could do about the matter because it was an agreement his father continued to support until now. Gerhart and Adela's father had recently been called to arms and were marching toward Bavaria with his armies. Leaving Gerhart in charge of his family's lands. As Regent, the first action he decided upon was to rescind the engagement between Berengar and Adela. Something which greatly upset the young teenage girl. Currently, she was pleading with her elder brother to honor the arrangement with tears in her eyes.

"You can not do this! Just because you are regent does not mean you can go against father's wishes and end my engagement with Berengar!"

Enraged by Adela's insistence on supporting that womanizing rogue who was their cousin, Gerhart screamed from atop the seat of power in Steiermark as he tried to get his little sister to see reason.

"He has openly cheated on you with his little brother's fiancee, they have a child together, and yet he still intends to marry you and not the mother of his son! Why can you not see that he is a terrible person! He is completely and utterly unfit to take your hand in marriage!"

Adela had never been so angry before in her life, her eldest brother's insistence on ending her betrothal was an obsession at this point, and she could not understand why he was so consumed with the idea. She curled her little hands into fists as she shouted at the top of her lungs.

"You are not my father, and you are most certainly not the Count of Steiermark! You have no authority to do such a thing!"

Gerhart was on the edge of his seat with rage; he could not tell what spell Berengar had cast upon his little sister to make her so rebellious against her own flesh and blood. Then again, Berengar was also her own flesh and blood, but that was far more distant. The important matter at hand was that he had already made his decision, and as Regent, he felt as if it was in his authority to terminate the agreement.

"It is already done; I have sent a letter to that bastard informing him that he is not getting his hands on my precious little sister! Now I do not want you speaking to that villain ever again. Do you understand me?"

Adela was so angry at Gerhart that she had blurted out her inner thoughts, which greatly wounded the man's pride as a borderline sis-con.

"Fuck you! I wish I did not have a shitty brother like you!"

With that, Adela stormed off to her room, where she laid face down upon her bed and cried her tears into her pillow. She could not believe her relationship with Berengar had come to an end just like that. She sincerely hoped that Berengar would not resort to rash actions, like invading her family's lands to take her hand in marriage forcefully. The more she thought about such a possibility, the more she prayed that Berengar would beat some sense into her crazy older brother. As for how Berengar would react to the news that his cousin Gerhart had broken his betrothal to Adela? Only time would tell. After all, he was the type of man who was not afraid to flex his muscle to get what he wanted. Ultimately count Otto's response to Gerhart's actions would determine how Berengar reacted to the situation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106: An act of Provocation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days had passed, and the message from Gerhart had arrived in Berengar's court as he was making preparations for his invasion of Innsbruck. Berengar instantly read the letter, and a smug grin spread across his face. When Linde saw the look on his face, she knew nothing good could come from it. However, she would not be doing her job as his spymaster if she did not inquire about the details; as such, she quickly asked about what had made Berengar express such contempt.

"What happened?"

Berengar patted Linde on the head as he walked over to where he left his chalice and took a large gulp of the beer contained within.

"Nothing much, that idiotic sis-con Gerhart has just proclaimed that as Regent he is nullifying the arrangement in which our father's had made betrothing Adela to me."

With this news, Linde was shocked; she did not know of the heated grudge Gerhart held against Berengar, nor did she know that the boy had an unhealthy obsession with his sisters, and as such, could not have predicted that he would behave in this manner. Knowing Berengar's fiery temperament and his willingness to do anything necessary to protect that which he has laid claim to, Linde was afraid to ask what his plans were but in the end, felt it was necessary.

"So, what do you plan to do about it?"

Berengar chuckled as he calmly drank another sip of the beer from the chalice on the table before exclaiming his thoughts aloud.

"That is simple, I will reject his authority on the matter and regard Count Otto's words as absolute; Gerhart may be a regent, but he does not have the authority to defy the Count's wishes. He is trying to act like me and failing miserably. During my Regency, my father was not in any condition to make a public appearance. Meanwhile, his father is at war, so unless the man dies, he can easily undo anything Gerhart has done during his tenure as Regent."

As such, Berengar quickly drafted a letter that would serve as an act of provocation towards Gerhart; the contents of the letter were as follows.

"Dear Gerhart von Graz,

My dearest cousin, as a man who has once held a similar position to that in which you currently occupy. Allow me to educate you on the folly of your actions and why they are completely invalid. First and foremost, your power as regent comes from the fact that your father, Count Otto von Graz, is the reigning authority within the County of Steiermark. Under his authority, he has granted you the power to protect his interests and manage his affairs while he is fighting our enemies.

Your justification for breaking my betrothal to your lovely sister comes from the fact that I have taken a lover, which has resulted in a child. Despite this, your father has stated as early as two weeks ago that he would not end the alliance between our two families, which is currently held together by the aforementioned betrothal.

As such, by declaring the nullification of the engagement between Adela and myself, you are openly declaring your intentions to violate the interests of the rightful Count of Steiermark and thus act as a usurper. As a sworn ally to your father, who is also my loving uncle, I will be forced by the alliance we hold to liberate the County of Steiermark from your usurpation. As such, I implore you to think twice about your actions before I am forced to march upon your family's lands and depose you!"

Sincerely,

Viscount Berengar von Kufstein"

Linde read the letter in which Berengar had carefully crafted with great astonishment; noticing the look on her face, Berengar inquired why she looked so surprised.

"What?"

Linde approached Berengar and sat down in his lap while looking him in the eyes with a solemn expression before asking the question on his mind.

"You would not really go to war with your cousin over this matter, would you?"

Berengar, on the other hand, merely smiled and rubbed Linde's cheek with his hand before replying in a grave tone.

"I would gladly go to war with God himself if he sought to steal either of my women from me!"

Linde blushed when she heard Berengar's boastful claims, but seeing the look in his eyes, she knew he was being serious, which made her heart race faster. However, what concerned her most was the interference this would have with his plans to seize the County of Tyrol.

"If you go to war with Steiermark, what happens to our plans?"

Seeing the confusion on his lover's face, Beregar decided to clarify his position on the matter.

"When Gerhart sees my threats, he will act in one of two ways, either he will back down, like the coward he is, or he will call me on my bluff, and I will be forced to march on Steiermark. Knowing my cousin and his weak spine, the threat of an Army at his doorstep while his father is away at war will be more than enough to make him rescind his intentions. If he doesn't... well, it is not like I said when I would invade his lands, Tyrol comes first!"

In some way, this was a small victory for Linde. Within her mind, Berengar had essentially said that his plans to invade Tyrol and seize her Family's lands for himself; and by extension, she and her child were more important than the betrothal he had to Adela. This is not at all what Berengar meant, but he did not know the intricacies of a woman's mind for what man could navigate that stormy sea?

As such, Berengar immediately sent his letter to Gerhart; at the same time, he also sent a letter to Count Otto, who was bound to be in some field in Bavaria, hoping that he could put an end to his son's impudence before Berengar was forced to act. The letter contained all the necessary information about the ongoing dispute to get his uncle on his side. Either way, regardless of how Otto responded, Berengar would not take action until after he had successfully claimed Tyrol for himself and put down Linde's father and his loyal vassals.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107: Victory in Bavaria
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Count Otto was clad in a set of Churburg style plate armor, covered from head to toe in a combination of plate, mail, and gambeson, with a tabard displaying his house's mighty coat of arms. In his hands was a halberd which he used to great effect as he hacked down at the Bavarian defender, a man at arms clad in a brigandine chest plate over a mail hauberk; he wore a visorless bascinet as he desperately defended the attacks of the middle-aged lord.

Otto and his army were currently engaged in a field battle not far from the city of Landshut. Though his troops were outnumbered, he had used superior tactics to surround the Bavarian army in a classic double envelopment much like the one used by the Carthaginian army at Cannae. As such, the field had turned into a slaughter as the Bavarians were pushed together and butchered by the Austrian army. Berengar's family were renowned as warriors for a reason; this notion extended to his cousins and their families as well.

Despite Sieghard failing to recognize his son's disputes; he was well regarded as a great warrior and battlefield commander, though he had been looking forward to the day he could ride beside his allies in warfare once more, the guilt he felt for his son's actions, and subsequent exilement made him no longer fit for combat, as such Berengar's father was not present in this battle beside his brother-in-law. Count Otto greatly felt great despair for this occurrence; if Sieghard were here, the battle probably would have had fewer losses. Of course, Sieghard was a vassal of Count Lothar and probably would have been stuck defending the Austrian Alps from the Bavarian forces located across the border.

Nevertheless, Count Otto could not help but lament the absence of his brother-in-law as he struck down the man at arms in front of him with his mighty halberd. After finishing the man, he moved onto another nearby with his soldiers flanking him; the group of heavily armored knights descended upon the Bavarians like the reaper, deflecting their shots with their polearms and heavy steel plate armor. Luckily for Otto, he had equipped all of his soldiers, bannermen, and knights with excellent armor from Berengar's industrial district; because of that, their casualties were substantially lower than the enemy, even before they caught them in a trap.

The banner of the golden swan flew in the air as the Austrian forces soon overwhelmed what little resistance the enemy could amount. Pressed from all sides, the numbers of the Bavarians quickly dwindled from thousands to hundreds. The enemy commander soon found himself surrounded by an army of steel-clad warriors cutting down his troops like ribbons. He could not fathom how the Austrians had managed to make such a large supply of brigandine and plate armor; the expense was surely outrageous! Nevertheless, Otto and his man quickly cut down the men before them, pressing onward to the Enemy commander, who was lamenting his decision to sally forth from the walls and protect the nearby agricultural town from the Austrian raids.

By now, the Bavarians had lost most of their army, and what few remained kept being smashed against the mighty steel wall of heavily armored men at arms who continued to press them further and further. Spears, Halberds, Polehammers, swords, maces, war hammers all descended upon the relatively poorly equipped Bavarian forces, severing limbs and crushing skulls as the deadly blows landed upon their foes. Resulting in a sea of blood staining the snow beneath their feet.

After a long-drawn-out battle, the last Bavarian standing eventually fell to the onslaught, ending in an overwhelming victory for the Austrians, who had suffered minimal losses due to their well-equipped forces. As his men were cheering in the thousands for the great victory they achieved, Otto raised the visor of his great bascinet and gazed at the scene of iron-clad corpses bleeding onto the snow that covered the ground. The middle-aged count sighed heavily as he mumbled the words.

"So this is the tyranny of steel? How can the enemy possibly compete with the sheer defense my army possesses?"

Count Otto was stunned by the performance of his army in this battle; if he was angry at Berengar before for cheating on his daughter and having a bastard son in which he dared to recognize, he could feel the fury no longer. The alliance he had made with House von Kufstein had truly paid off in this battle as he suffered far fewer casualties than he normally would have if he had not invested so heavily in Berengar's steel and arms trade. The amount of steel in which Berengar was able to produce must be a miracle from God, for the middle-aged Count could not explain it otherwise.

While his troops cleaned up the battlefield, Otto returned to his camp, where he planned to celebrate his massive victory; however, before he could do so, he was approached by a small party of cuirassiers who flew the banner of House von Kufstein. When Otto gazed upon the intricate pattern of the armor designs Berengar's forces wore, he could not help but feel that his own magnificent set of plate armor was inadequate. Nevertheless, the horses still rode forward and appeared to have greeted the sentries of his war camp. Who quickly pointed in Count Otto's direction. Evidently, these strangely armored men were here for him; what news could Berengar possibly bring him that was of such importance that he would send men into the frontlines of war?

When the lead cuirassier rode up next to Count Otto, the man Saluted the Count before speaking.

"Are you Count Otto von Graz?"

Count Otto noticed the intricate brass pattern on the officer's armor and gazed at it with envy. The pattern contrasted perfectly with the blackened steel plate and the garish black, gold, and white clothing that was slightly visible beneath the three-quarter's plate armor. After gazing in awe of the magnificent armor design Count, Otto eventually reclaimed his senses and nodded. When he did so, the cuirassier handed him a letter with the seal of House von Kufstein upon it; while doing so, the leading officer informed the Count of a brief summary of what had transpired in his absence.

"Viscount Berengar von Kufstein sends word of the dispute he is having with your son Gerhart and seeks your assistance."

Upon hearing those words, Otto immediately read the letter; as he did so, his expression became increasingly sour before commenting aloud for all the troops nearby to hear.

"That fucking idiot..."

Though this was supposed to be a great victory and a cause for celebration, it was immediately tarnished in the eyes of Count Otto by the foolish actions of his errant son. For some reason, the boy thought that he could do whatever he desired just because he was named Regent. If this is how the boy would reign as his successor, then Count Otto was greatly concerned about the future of his realm. Count Otto was left with no choice but to send word back to Berengar, assuring him that the arrangement still stood and that he would be strictly admonishing Gerhart for his actions. The last thing he needed was for Berengar to invade his lands under the guise of securing liberating Steiermark from a usurper.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108: Marching to War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gerhart looked at the letter in his hands addressed from Berengar with disbelief; he could not believe that the young Viscount was so bold that he would openly threaten to invade the County of Steimermark over the decision to rescind Adela's engagement. The justification for doing so would be solid enough to prevent anyone from coming to Gerhart's aid, especially in this time of turmoil where nobody would be able to spare the forces to help him retain his regency.

However, this was not the most abysmal piece of news that he had received; there was also a letter from his father which openly declared Gerhart's decision to break the betrothal as invalid and demanded that Gerhart relinquish his regency in favor of his younger brother Heimerich. By indulging in his desires to keep Adela away from his wretched cousin, he had cost himself the favor of his father, who now deeply questioned his eldest son's capability as a ruler.

This was simply outrageous. However, if he were to burn this letter and defy his father's demands, Gerhart would truly be acting in rebellion, opening the stage for Berengar to justifiably march his armies on Graz and liberate the people of Steiermark from his territory. This was not something a spineless coward like Gerhart was willing to risk; as such, he admitted defeat and vacated his position as regent. Allowing Heimerich to come to power and immediately declare all of Gerhart's actions null and void under the authority of Count Otto von Graz.

...

When Berengar received this news, as well as the letter from Otto, he was greatly pleased; he had settled this dispute peacefully while humiliating Gerhart for his unwise decisions; this was enough punishment for trying to get in Berengar's way. After all, whether or not Gerhart was a pompous fool with an unhealthy obsession for his sisters, he was still family, and as such, Berengar did not truly desire to see his head on a pike. The grudges between Gerhart and himself were not completely irreconcilable, unlike the ones he held with Lambert.

It had been close to a month since Count Lothar had marched on Vienna, and the man was currently besieging the city. Thus giving Berengar justification to act in open rebellion. Berengar wrote a letter addressing all the Lords and Ladies of Austria and informing them of his intentions. He declared Count Lothar a traitor to the Realm, who took advantage of the current crisis to seize power for himself. As a result, Berengar would act by marching upon Innsbruck and seize the County of Tyrol for himself until a point in time where the Duke of Austria could appoint a loyal successor to the title. Though of course, Berengar had no plans to relinquish his claims to the lands of Tyrol.

After sending letters to every corner of Austria, Berengar approached his lover and child and said his goodbyes. It would be some time before he returned to Kufstein, as his plans to lay siege to Innsbruck and put down the inevitable rebellions that would follow might take a matter of months to achieve, nevertheless, as the commander of his forces, it was his duty to stand alongside his troops in battle.

Berengar kissed Linde passionately as the two hugged each other tightly. After separating from one another, Linde encouraged Berengar to the best of her ability. As his lover, it was her duty to support her man in his ventures. Despite the worried expression on her face, she forced herself to say her goodbyes.

"Make sure to come home in one piece!"

Berengar smiled with confidence and petted the woman's glossy strawberry blonde hair.

"As long as you stick to the plan, I should be back safely in no time!"

With that said, Berengar kissed his infant son on the forehead before departing from the room. After doing so, he found his trusty steed Erwin in the stables. He mounted the mighty beast before taking off into the snowy mountains of the Austrian Alps, where he would unite with his army before marching onto Innsbruck.

After meeting up with his army, which was already mustered and clad in heavy winter clothing, Berengar rode alongside his officers at the head of the formation. Eckhard was among them, his plate armor was shrouded in a heavy fur-lined cloak while wearing a warm winter cap beneath his burgonet. His army was well equipped for the winter, and due to the extensive road networks Berengar had built across his territory, they would be able to quickly make their way to the Viscounty of Schwaz, which lie between Innsbruck and Kufstein.

Riding alongside Eckhard, Berengar decided to ask his Vice Commander about the morale of the troops.

"So, how are the troops doing? I mean, we are marching to war in the middle of winter..."

Eckhard smiled as he faced the oncoming wind, which was filled with a chilling breeze and particles of snow; despite the freezing weather, Berengar had supplied his forces with the necessary equipment to minimize attrition; as such, Eckhard was quite warm, and so were his forces.

"They are ready and willing to lay waste to the enemies of their Lord and Commander. It is a rare sight to see an army marching in the cold with such high spirits. Probably because they all know of the power we hold and that not even the high stone walls of the Castle of Innsbruck can prevent our swift victory!"

Hearing this news, Berengar felt satisfied; the morale of his troops was high despite the conditions they found themselves in. So much so that they were marching to the beat of a song in which Berengar designed to resemble that of Die Eisenfaust am Lanzenschaft from his previous life. However, this song was edited to remove references to the Teutonic Order and instead reflect the conditions his Army faced. As such, it was a similar but unique piece of art in which thousands of voices joined in unison as they sang along to the lyrics, which Berengar had presented them. To his army, this solemn song that was originally designed in his previous life to represent the duty of the Teutonic Order now acted as a boost to the morale of his personal Army.

To reach Innsbruck, they would first have to march through the Viscounty of Schwaz. Though the Viscount of Schwaz was fighting alongside Count Lothar in the ongoing siege of Vienna, his only son was currently tasked with presiding over the region during his absence as such there was a possibility that Berengar and his forces would have to face an army of levies in the fields if he wished to pass through the man's territory. However, that was not of great importance; Berengar's well-equipped army would easily handle such a meager force, which would come at the most delay the inevitable.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109: The War for Austria Begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Currently, Duke Wilmar was alongside his vassals, including Count Otto, who had regrouped with the main army of Austria at Munich to which they were currently laying siege. They were inside the commander's tent within the siege camp, where they were discussing tactics for the ongoing siege that had already been raging on for a total of fifteen days at this point. While going over preparations for building a tunnel beneath the city walls, a messenger rushed into the tent with dire news in hand.

"My Liege, I am sorry for the intrusion, but the news is urgent!"

Seeing the distressed expression on the messenger's face, Duke Wilmar calmly responded to his uninvited appearance.

"What news is so grim that you would interrupt my war council?"

Noticing the unfriendly gazes of the vassals gazing upon him, the messenger instantly gulped his saliva while finding the courage to report the grave situation back in Austria.

"Count Lothar has led his armies to Vienna where he has taken up arms against you and besieges the city as we speak!"

Duke Wilmar's expression turned murderous as he heard the shocking news; he was not expecting someone related to his family, albeit distantly, to turn on him in such a manner. However, right when the Duke was about to speak, the messenger spoke up once more.

"There's more..."

Duke Wilmar composed himself in a manner befitting a man of his position before giving the messenger an order.

"Continue..."

As such, the messenger continued to tell the full content of the news he had received.

"Viscount Berengar has taken up arms against Count Lothar and is marching his army upon Innsbruck in an attempt to force Count Lothar's hand to return to Tyrol and defend it."

The messenger then reported the message Berengar had sent out across Austria, and the frown on Wilmar's face turned to a wicked grin as he spoke his thoughts aloud.

"The boy clearly knows Lothar will not turn his forces around and is acting in a way to advance his position, but so be it, if he actually has the might to seize Innsbruck and put down the ensuing rebellion successfully, I will make him Count. As for Lothar, Otto, you take your army and break his siege. I will reward you dearly if you can bring me the traitor's head!"

Count Otto bowed respectfully to Duke Wilmar before accepting his request, though it would be difficult as Lothar's armies outnumbered his own and were equally well equipped; he must perform the duty for the sake of the Duchy and the rightful Duke of Austria!

"It will be done, my Lord!"

with that, the stage was set for a series of massive battles within Austria; as such, the Austrians were now severely limited in their ability to advance their claim to the throne of Germany. Though it was not as if the other pretenders were in any better of a position. Afterall the entirety of Germany and the regions in the immediate vicininty had become embroiled in conflict since the death of the King.

...

Count Lothar was currently in a similar position as Duke Wilmar, he was currently laying siege to the City of Vienna, which acted as the capital of the Duchy of Austria, it was the seat of power for the Habsburgs, and as such, he sought to claim it for himself. He currently stood within his tent reading the letter from Berengar which declared his open rebellion against Count Lothar, and his official support of Duke Wilmar. In his other hand was a secret letter from Linde. After reading the contents of both letters to his Vassals, he left it up for discussion as to how they will proceed. Throughout the entire conversation, Count Lothar remained calm; luckily, his daughter was on his side, as he thought the love she had for Berengar could not replace the loyalty she had to her family.

In Linde's letter, it was written that Berengar was blinded by ambition and had marched a very poorly equipped army onto Innsbruck, leaving Kufstein completely defenseless. She added that she would welcome her father's armies with open arms if they were to show up in Kufstein. However, the goal was to take Vienna; after all, if Lothar abandoned it now, he would never get another chance to become Duke and would most likely have to fight a full-fledged civil war with Duke Wilmar the result of which leaned heavily in the favor fo the Duke. However, due to how poorly defended Kufstein appeared from Linde's description, Lothar could not help but take the bait; as such, he decided on a course of action while his vassals were screaming at each other with how to proceed.

"Viscount Theodoric, I want you to take a quarter of our army and march on Kufstein, securing the region and my daughter. You should not face any resistance now that she is in charge; we will make sure that bastard Berengar and his loathsome forces have no home to return to!"

With that said, Theodoric grinned from ear to ear with a wicked smile; he would now be able to ransack Kufstein and seize anything of value for himself; this was also his chance to get close to Linde, who he had desired since she was a little girl, after all, she was considered one of the three heavenly beauties of Austria. As for Berengar's bastard son, he he planned to drop it from the roof of the Castle. Thus he was more than happy to accept the offer as he bowed before Count Lothar.

"You can count on me, my lord."

With that, Count Lothar's armies were severely weakened overnight as a quarter of them would soon march into a trap Berengar and Linde had come up with, completely unaware that they would soon be facing impregnable defenses mounted on all sides with 24 lb siege cannons and a garrison armed with muskets. As for Lothar, he had greatly weakened his position, completely unaware that Count Otto was marching with his full force to lift the traitor's siege. Whether or not Count Lothar survived the ordeal was determined by how quickly he could take the Castle in Vienna and hold the Duke's family hostages.

In a single move, Linde had greatly weakened the position of Berengar's enemies, all while Berengar and his army were marching through the Alps to lay siege to the capital of Tyrol, the city of Innsbruck. One thing was certain the war for Austria had just begun, and it would become a long and brutal war with an unexpected victor. After all, both the Duke of Austria and the Rebel Count were currently in the middle of a siege, where anything could happen, and lives were easily lost.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110: Enemy Ambush
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar and his forces had arrived in the Viscounty of Schwaz after a few days worth of marching. Obviously, they had made camp throughout the nights. Berengar was trying to lose as few forces as possible to attrition; as such, he had kept his forces far from exhaustion and well-fed, hydrated, and equipped to combat the effects of the cold. To him, every one of his soldiers was a precious member of his society; those lost were not easily replaced without his land suffering from it. War was necessary for expansion, but he did not want to fight a war without regard to his soldiers' lives. As such, they marched at a safe pace.

Berengar was currently on watch for the night, one of the men who were on patrol had gotten too cold, to the point where his health was beginning to suffer, Berengar who was passing by, offered to take his place, as such the Viscount and Commander of the Army was standing on watch with a group of foot soldiers. Berengar decided to break the ice with the simple infantrymen to who he was standing aside.

"So... What are your names?"

The two men looked at each other with odd expressions before answering Berengar's question as if it were coming from the commanding officer and Viscount of Kufstein.

"My Lord, I am Private Arnwald, and this is Private-First-Class Bardo!"

Berengar spoke in an informal tone as he addressed the men

"I am Berengar... Though I suppose you already knew that."

The two men nodded as they gazed at Berengar in awe. Berengar was more than just their Lord and Commander; he was close to a legend. His childhood infirmity was well known, even among the ranks of his army. Yet, despite all of that, he had risen above such circumstances after twenty long years of suffering, only to be plotted against by his own brother, surviving numerous attempts on his life, including a rebellion by Lord Ulrich where he was able to rise to the position of Regent and crush his neighbor expanding his family's territory to the level of a Viscounty.

The two men nearly nodded their heads in silence, afraid to say something that might offend the man they looked up to. However, before the conversation could continue, Berengar spotted what appeared to be a shimmer not far away under the bright full moon in the sky above. He patted Private Arnwald on his shoulder with a grave look on his face and commanded the man with a tone filled with authority, immediately dropping his informal speech as he did so.

"Private Arnwald, I need you to sound the alarms as quickly as possible!"

Arnwald did not know why Berengar was so serious, but an order was an order, and he would be damned if he failed to fulfill it; the man saluted Berengar by pounding his chest before running off to do as he was commanded.

"As you command, My Lord!"

After Arnwald ran off, Berengar unsheathed his sword and aimed it in the direction of the darkness ahead. While doing so, he chatted with Bardo.

"I really hope that musket of yours is loaded; we might need it in a few seconds."

Though Bardo had not detected anything in the vicinity, he quickly unslung his musket and fixed the bayonet where he proceeded to cock the action and aim it directly in front of him. Though the man did not know what Berengar had detected, he trusted his commander's senses, and as such, was prepared to hold the line until the men were ready to defend the camp.

Shortly after Berengar and Bardo's actions, the ringing of a bell echoed across the field, which awoke every man in the camp; by ringing the bell three times, it signaled an enemy attack. As such, the men did not even bother equipping their armor; they immediately grabbed their muskets and web gear before heading out of their tents and into the fray.

When the enemy hiding in the darkness heard the bell ring, they quickly began to rush the camp they had surrounded; knowing that their cover was blown, they sought to rush Berengar and his forces as quickly as possible. Luckily these men were mostly formed of levies and were poorly equipped. When the levies near Berengar's position rushed upon him and the man next to him, the thunder of Bardo's musket could be heard across the field as the lead ball shot through the levy's chest, which was directly in front of him.

In the darkness of the night, a battle had begun within Berengar's encampment. The forces left behind in the Viscounty of Schwaz had located Berengar's camp and decided to attack in the night; Berengar adeptly wielded his sword, having trained in its use for hours every day for the past eight months, he was adept enough in swordplay to overcome the advancement of the levies. With a lunging thrust, Berengar pierced through the gambeson shirt of the levy in front of him and into the man's heart, adeptly avoiding the man's spear as he did so.

Berengar and Bardo were quickly pushed back into the camp by the overwhelming numbers of the enemy forces; when they reached a certain point, Berngar heard a voice shout at him.

"My Lord, get down now!"

Quickly adapting to the situation, Berengar dragged Bardo down with him into the prone position where a volley of musket fire decimated the front line of the enemy's forces. Before the enemy levies could react, the musket line kneeled and reloaded their rifles. In contrast, the second line behind them fired another volley over their heads, completely shredding the lightly armored levies and breaking their morale.

This action had bought Berengar and Bardo some time to reform their ranks among the men who had just arrived to support them. As such, Berengar dragged Bardo to his feet and rushed behind the firing line, which had already reloaded, and began to fire another volley into the ranks of the enemy forces who were utterly shocked by the unknown weapons in which they were facing. All across the camp, the sound of musket fire and agonizing screams echoed through the night as Berengar, and his men desperately defended against an enemy ambush.

Despite the fire of the muskets breaking the enemy ranks, a few of the men managed to rush towards Berengar and his unarmored men whose bayonets were already fixed; as such, they dropped their actions of reloading and began to engage in the fray with the enemy. Luckily for them, the enemy was equipped with spears and was limited to the same degree of thrusts in which Berengar and his forces were, the primary difference being the level of training between Berengar's professional army and the peasant levies who had seldom stepped foot on a battlefield before this moment.

Because of the difference in training and the strict military hierarchy in which was established among Berengar's forces, the men under his command were quickly able to funnel the enemy's forces into the small gaps in the camps' defenses, where they were met with lines of bayonets easily able to cut them down. By the time the sun rose, the camp scene below was filled with the blood and bodies of the enemy, which was littered across the snow.

Though Berengar's army had suffered a little over a hundred casualties, his losses could be considered minimal. On the other hand, the enemy's forces were nearly annihilated; those who had broken ranks and ran into the night were lucky to have survived. One thing was certain, Berengar's target was no longer Innsbruck; he would first lay siege to the Castle in Schwaz; after succeeding in his endeavors, he would annihilate the Viscount's family as an act of retribution on behalf of the soldiers lost in this battle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111: Memorial Service
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a long night of bloody struggle, Berengar stood at attention before his troops, who were now fully dressed in their battle attire, with their musket's slung over their backs. Currently, the men that comprised of his army were holding a brief memorial service for the men who died the night before, between 100-200 men had perished in the ambush from the previous night, and while the enemy's forces were nearly annihilated by Berengar's army; Berengar felt nothing but sorrow for the lives of his fallen soldiers which were lost in the conflict.

Unlike most Generals, Berengar deeply cared for the lives of the men under his control and tried his best to mitigate losses. Every soldier lost meant that someone from his workforce would have to take their place, which decreased productivity. War was necessary for the expansion of a State, and thus benefiting the Nation that enforced their demands in the long term. The short-term costs were something every leader must become accustomed to. Still, it was not an easy responsibility to bear. If Berengar had deigned to mind his place in the world and sit back in Kufstein and peacefully flourish as he had initially planned, then these men most likely would not have lost their lives so early.

Yet, these lowly ambitions could no longer contain Berengar's growing desire for power. As a man who had very little in his previous life in terms of authority and wealth, the moment he tasted true power for the first time, his thirst for supremacy became unquenchable. Despite his relative benevolence when compared to monarchs of the past, Berengar was still a man. Like all men, he was inherently prone to the corruption brought forth by absolute power. In his old life, there was a saying, "Absolute power corrupts absolutely." While Berengar had grown increasingly malicious towards his potential enemies. He was still compassionate to his loved ones and those he was responsible for. However, now was a time of war, and he could not give a warm-hearted speech about how great the men who perished the night before were. No, Berengar knew he had to inflame his soldier's desires for vengeance, and as such, the speech he touted as the fallen soldiers were laid to rest was one of fire and fury.

"I look upon every one of you are standing here before me, and I see men, men who have given up everything to fight the enemies of Kufstein courageously. Please make no mistake, the men who ambushed us last night may have been mere peasants drafted into service to fight against us, but they were still the enemy! They chose to ambush our camp while we slept, and they chose to kill over a hundred of our brothers in arms! These men who have perished have fallen defending their comrades, their officers, and their Lord! Henceforth I decree that the family of any man who dies honorably in battle shall be given exemption from taxes for a duration of time! I am certain that the men who have perished on this day desire but one thing from all of you, and that is to avenge their deaths! So I have decided before we march on Innsbruck, we shall lay siege to the Castle of Schwaz and route out the man responsible for this attack. I promise to have him and anyone else deemed responsible beheaded, where their heads may be mounted on pikes outside of the ruins of their once-mighty castle! God with us!"

Having finished his speech, the men gathered before him, numbered in the thousands, all began to chant the battle cry repeatedly.

"God with us!"

As they did so, the honor guard fired a volley into the air after the men were fully interned in the graves below. Berengar vowed to build a memorial upon this spot for the men lost in this battle when he finally won this war. Seeing that he had now stoked the flames of vengeance in the hearts of his soldiers, he gave an order to his troops.

"Now, pack up camp, and set forth for the city of Schwaz! Now is not the time for tears, now is the time for battle! May God show mercy to our enemies, for we will not!"

With that said, the army began to gather their equipment and pack up the siege camp; within an hour, the army of over 5,000 men was once more on the march; the city of Schwaz was nearby and had invoked the ire of Berengar and his troops. Though Berengar would not harm unarmed civilians, those who resisted his conquest were considered enemy combatants and would suffer the same fate as the defenders.

Nobody expected Berengar to lay siege to Schwaz on his way to Innsbruck. Though this would give his enemies time to rally against him, it ultimately would not matter, for the power of steel and shot was not something these feudal armies could easily contend with. It would be quite some time before his advanced weaponry became known to all and even longer before anyone had successfully replicated it. For the time being, Berengar's armies would become the most dominant force on the European battlefields.

Schwaz was merely the first of many battles that would take place over the coming months as Berengar began his conquest of Tyrol. While his armies marched to Schwaz, another army was marching towards Kufstein. Though it would be a couple of weeks before they arrived, their intentions for Kufstein and its people were far viler than anything Berengar had in mind for his enemies.

As winter raged across the Austrian alps, more than one army was on the march, the war for Austria had already begun, and time was of the essence; luckily for Berengar and his forces, he possessed the power of gunpowder and could easily render the once-mighty walls of Castles to ruin in a matter of days. His 12 lb cannons gave him an enormous advantage when it came to siege warfare—something which he would demonstrate to the world shortly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112: Agents in the Shadows
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Linde sat near her infant child, who was currently sleeping in his crib. Though she had no way of knowing what kind of man her child would eventually grow into, she truly showed unconditional love to the child, so clearly, he would turn out well, would he not? Despite being an infant, the child was born with a full head of strawberry blonde hair like his mother, and his eyes were sapphire like his father's.

Linde knew that one day her child would grow to be a great and powerful man like his father, but the extent to which he would accomplish remained unknown, for mankind did not possess the power to see the future. As Linde watched over her child, she received a trio of letters; one was addressed from Berengar, one composed by her half-sister Adelheid, and the final letter was written by her father, Count Lothar.

She read over the contents of each letter with a smile on her face. Berengar's letter contained information that he was laying siege to Schwaz after surviving an ambush from the local Regent's levies. This shift in plans was not important to her as Berengar would most likely have to wipe out the Viscount's son after seizing Innsbruck anyways as the young man was sure to rebel against Berengar.

As for the letter from Adelheid expressed a plan the girl had hatched to allow Berengar to seize the Castle without laying siege to it. Adelheid was greatly concerned about the possibility of the walls being brought down and her defenses with it. After all, Linde had communicated to her half-sister the effectiveness of Berengar's cannons. The plan was actually brilliant, and as such, Linde would later write a letter to Berengar informing him of her sister's plot so that he could take the Castle at Innsbruck with ease. Thus allowing him the benefit of having fully functional walls while he waited for the enemy to make their move.

As for the letter by her father contained information regarding the army he was sent to seize Kufstein and how Theodoric was leading it; immediately upon reading that name, Linde's smile turned into a frown. She could not help but voice her concerns.

"When that lecherous old fool comes to Kufstein, I will make sure he is the first to die from the cannons' bombardment!"

She was all too aware of Theodoric's proclivities; he was a lecherous man particularly attracted to young women and girls. The old man also had a pension for sacking every city he laid siege to. Undoubtedly if Linde were actually to let Theodoric into her lover's city, the man would ransack the city and potentially attempt to force himself upon her. As such, she wanted the garrison to target their explosive shells on his position when his army arrived. After all, it was a common practice to wear a tabard with one's coat of arms emblazoned upon it during this time; he would be easy to scout from among the enemy's forces.

Thus Linde spent some time drafting letters to Berengar to relay the information she had received from bothering her sister and father. Once finished, the letter was dispatched with a messenger to ride towards Berengar's encampment outside of Schwaz, where it would be delivered to him, hopefully before the might of his guns completely brought the city down.

After finishing with her letters and spending time watching over her sleeping son Linde got to work, gathering several intelligence operatives beneath her command. These hands were the best among her saboteurs and assassins; they were equipped with a revolving flintlock pistol based on the collier pattern design from Berengar's previous life. These weapons were best used outside of the battlefield as the cylinder had to be manually cycled, and the reloading speed was atrocious. However, they were excellent for personal defense and had been specially constructed for use among Berengar's operatives.

Linde had begun to address the operatives known as hands as they were gathered before her in secret.

"I have a task for you all to fulfill, I won't lie, it will be dangerous, but with advancements in technology over the last six months, particularly in the field of chemistry, you have a much higher chance of returning with your lives!"

One of the head operatives who, like his comrades, were currently shrouded by a hooded cloak spoke up from among their ranks.

"What is it that you require of us listener?"

Linde smirked as she heard her shadowy title before giving her decrees to the well-trained agents of Berengar's spy network.

"I need you to infiltrate the various Baronies and Viscounties throughout Tyrol. Your objective is assassination and sabotage. Take out high-profile targets, sabotage the food stores of the cities, as well as strategic positions such as key defensive structures. With the use of TNT, you will have a much greater chance of destroying enemy fortifications. The purpose of these actions is to provoke the enemy Lords into marching upon Kufstein, or Innsbruck where Berengar will have seized soon enough. I want them so infuriated that they will feel that they have no choice to end their misery unless they personally take action against our Liege! Thus allowing Berengar to trap them with his armies."

The same agent who had spoken up before nodded his head while answering Linde's assignment with the affirmative.

"It will be done!"

With that, the qualified agents of Berengar's growing spy network were set to the task, as for the remainder of the Viscount's operatives, they would be assigned to counter-espionage operations within Berengar's lands.

As such, the war of intrigue that was waged behind the scenes of the war for Tyrol had begun. The other Lords and Ladies of the realm were no longer safe in their own castles against the shadowy agents of Berengar's vast spy network, as they would soon come to find out. Linde felt it was necessary to take action on her man's half; while Berengar was off at war as the valiant commander, Linde would handle the dirty work within the shadows. Thus to couple expertly complemented one another when it came to matters of war and intrigue. Soon enough, all of Germany would be caught in their collective web.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113: Siege of Schwaz
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was currently sitting outside the city walls within the confines of his siege camp. He was having breakfast, which consisted of rye crackers, and salted pork. He ate the same food as his soldiers and refused to have special treatment while in the field. As such, he was sitting next to an Officer, an NCO, and an enlisted soldier. The cannons echoed across the field as they continuously bombarded the city walls; one might think a thunderstorm occurred if they were not accustomed to such advanced weapons.

Though the skies above were gloomy, and the cold breeze was filled with falling snow, it was by no means a thunderstorm. The cool breeze whipped across Berengar's face, which was the only portion of his skin that made direct contact with the air; he was covered from head to toe in thick fur-lined wool clothing like the rest of his troops. Actually, Berengar's armies attire was far less garish in the winter; with a set of winter boots and gloves, they looked far different than their field equipment that was utilized in more favorable conditions.

Though they did not look as exquisite as they normally would, they were kept warm by their clothing, and in the end, practicality was far more important than aesthetics when it came to an army's gear. As such, the men ate their crackers and pork under the falling snow while the explosive shells continued to bombard the city's thick stone walls. It had already been three days since the siege had begun, and Berengar was confident that the walls would soon come crumbling down after all the sections they had been bombarding were already in a miserable state.

Just when Berengar was about to speak to his soldiers, he overheard the sound of stone crumbling down upon itself and the cheers of his men. Seeing that the wall had collapsed Berengar quickly put on his steel skull cap and his feathered hat before marching to the frontlines where his troops had quickly rallied. Finally, they would be able to seize the city, as for the castle's bombardment, that would still take a few days. With sword in hand, Berengar cried out to his force as he rushed for the shattered section of the wall.

"Charge!"

The overwhelming majority of the soldiers in his camp rushed to the broken wall with bayonets affixed and swords in hand as they resisted the oncoming missile fire from the archers and crossbowmen above. Luckily for them, their vitals were covered in hardened steel plate armor, so as long as they were not shot in the face, they would endure the rain of arrows descending upon them. Berengar's forces quickly arrived in front of the wall where they formed a firing line and rained musket balls upon the defenders who filled the gaps, the mighty spear wall the garrison of the city had formed quickly collapsed under the lead balls which pierced their armor as if it were non-existant, and sent them to the afterlife.

The defensive line collapsed with a single volley and was quickly rushed upon by a sea of bayonets and swords. Those troops in the rear of Berengar's formation continued to fire upon the defenders upon the ramparts, rapidly cutting away at the archers' numbers who desperately tried to combat the tide of black and gold which forced its way through the gap within the city wall.

The wall was brought down under concentrated fire from Berengar's artillery battalion in three sections; each region was undergoing a similar sight. Berengar batted a spear out of his way with the blade of his sword before lunging directly into the open bascinet of the city defender, piercing through the man's eye and thus his skull ending his miserable existence. He was leading the charge at the center gap within the city's defenses; slowly but surely, his troops were overwhelming the local garrison.

Eckhard was leading one of the other locations where he used his rifled musket and bayonet to outmaneuver a spear that was thrust in his direction before piercing through the man's mail and gambeson with the lengthy bayonet, which was shaped perfectly to get through the gaps in the mail hauberk. Like Berengar, he led the forces into battle as the city defenders slowly began retreating. Eventually, the defensive line was broken. Rather than pursue the fleeing garrison to the keep, Berengar's forces lined up, reloaded, and fired upon the city's defenders as their backs were turned, instantly gunning them down with no remorse.

Berengar, Eckhard, and the Commander of the third section all yelled out similar commands to their forces.

"Give no quarter!"

As the soldiers of Berengar's army advanced through the city, they gunned down anyone who was remotely garbed in armor or equipped with a weapon. At the moment, Berengar was leading his forces through the city, where a crossbow bolt was fired out of a window and into his breastplate, where it left a mild dent. Enraged by the action, Bernegar commanded a nearby grenadier to lob his grenade through the window; after lighting the fuse, the grenadier did as instructed, and within seconds, the grenade went off, after which Berengar led his forces into the building to clear it completely.

When Berengar burst through the door, he witnessed a horrific scene; the crossbowman inside the building was utterly torn apart by the fearsome blast and shrapnel of the grenade, but so were what appeared to be the remains of a mother and her two daughters. Evidently, these civilians were hiding in the room where the Crossbowman had taken his position.

Berengar could not prevent himself from sighing at the scene as he spoke his thoughts aloud while the rest of his soldiers cleared the building.

"Such is the price of war..."

Similar scenes could be seen throughout the city, as the archers and crossbowmen took refuge in buildings before firing upon the advancing enemy, which would result in a grenade or two being lobbed into the structure, killing every living thing inside. Though Berengar prohibited the deliberate targeting of civilians, he did not prevent his soldiers from clearing a room with the most effective methods available, even if it meant the death of innocents.

As such, the City was rapidly taken, and the city's defenders either fled to the Castle as the last defense or were killed in the streets. Berengar's casualties were extremely low due to the high degree of protection the hardened and quenched half-plate armor afforded to his soldiers. The cavalry suffered even less than the infantry as they were equipped with Three-quarters plate armor, and though dismounted, they took part in the siege as well.

Soon enough, the city was secured, and all that remained was to bring down the Castle and the noblemen within it cowering behind their walls. As such, the artillery was moved into the city and lined up in a manner to attack the walls of the Castle; within a few days, Schwaz would completely fall to Berengar, and he would show no mercy to the young Lord who acted as Regent. All of this could have been avoided if the foolish boy had just stayed within his city and had not bothered attacking Berengar's forces as he advanced onto Innsbruck. Ultimately someone had to pay the price for the lives lost in the ambush, and that was left to the Viscount's son and heir, who ruled in his stead while he was off committing treason.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114: Absconding into the Night
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was a cold winter's night, and the moon was covered by the clouds in the sky, thus allowing the agents of Berengar's spy network to engage in sabotage and assassination against the Lords of Tyrol and their forces. At the moment, a spy shrouded in dark clothing maneuvered through the city of Lienz under cover of darkness.

His goal was to destroy the granary of the city; as such, he began to approach the grain stockpile with a stick of dynamite in hand and a match. As soon as he was within range of the warehouse, which contained much of the city's food surplus, he lit the match and used it to ignite the fuse of the dynamite which he threw into the building; before the blast went off, he had already disappeared into the night.

As the entire city overheard the loud explosion, its flames engulfed the granary into a smoking fireball; the local garrison quickly reacted to the scene and was dismayed to find that their city's primary stockpile of food had been sabotaged under their watch. Surely heads would roll for this disaster. The next day the local regent would open an investigation into the incident, but unfortunately for the people of Lienz, they would never find the culprit. This scene was just one of many appearing across Tyrol; under Linde's commands, the war of intrigue had begun.

...

In the city of Meran, another one of Berengar's agents was currently active; she had been operating in this city for many months, providing intel to Berengar, long before the war began. Recently she acquired orders to assassinate the commander of the city garrison. All this time, she had been working as a tavern wench, where she was currently pouring a drink to the target of her objective. The man had frequented the bar regularly so that he could flirt with the woman. After all, she was quite the attractive young woman and had been the object of his desires for some time now. As such, when she was about to walk away, he began to press her for an answer to his long persisting advancements.

"Hey, sweetheart, what time do you get off tonight? I would love to show you around the city."

It was by no means the smoothest pickup line, but finally, the woman relented; after all, she planned to take this man's life today, and what better way than to accept his proposal and go on a date. There would be plenty of opportunities to quietly end the man's life on such an occasion. As such, she put on a pretty facade and smiled at the man before accepting his invitation.

"Shortly after midnight, you can pick me up then."

The garrison commander smiled from ear to ear as he heard the woman's reply. Finally, she had given him a chance! He could not wait for the evening to occur so that he could spend some quality time with the woman he was intensely attracted to.

After having his drink and meal, the garrison commander went back to work, but he finished his job before the appointed time. Throughout the hours, the attractive young woman had maintained her position at work until finally, midnight arrived, where she was let free from her job as a tavern wench. After exiting the building, she saw the garrison commander, dressed in relatively expensive clothes waiting for her to finish. Seeing the man so eager to meet his death, the assassin smiled as she approached him and bound her arm around his.

"So, where are you taking me?"

The garrison commander smiled and led the assassin along the road

"It is a surprise."

Though the veteran spy smiled, she remained cautious on the inside; she had no idea if she was potentially walking into a trap. Nevertheless, they soon arrived at their destination, which was a dark alleyway with nobody present. Quickly the garrison commander's warm smile turned into a sinister grin as he pushed the woman against the wall and tried to force himself on her. Before long, a group of armored soldiers appeared nearby, numbering four in total, and began to flank the commander as the man whispered in her ear.

"We know you are a spy, but we are going to enjoy your time with you first."

Realizing that her cover was blown, the spy pulled out her revolving flintlock from her cloak and fired a shot directly into the garrison commander's chest, which instantly pierced his heart. The soldiers were shocked to see their commander collapse after the loud gunshot. Still, before they could react, the spy manually shifted the chamber to the next round and fired off another shot piercing the nearest guard's skull sending him to the afterlife. She managed to fire off a total of five shots in total killing every member of the squad who sought to force themselves upon her.

The spy moved quickly, the sound of gunfire was sure to attract the garrison, and as such, she fled to her quarters, where she packed up her stuff and quickly abandoned the town before it went into lockdown; she had to escape before the City officials realized that they had been infiltrated. After packing up her gear, the woman rapidly disappeared from the city of Meran, where she had stolen a horse and absconded into the night. Ultimately she would return to Kufstein, where she would be replaced by another member of Berengar's spy network. Nevertheless, she had dealt a significant blow to the city's defenses as both the Commander and Vice commander were killed in that alleyway, leaving the city without a competent commander. Which would be greatly beneficial in Berengar's conquest of the region alter on.

Such was the life of a spy; at one moment, you were safely hidden among the masses. The next you were fleeing for your life, the pretty young woman had expected such an outcome and had already prepared for it; by the time the garrison could react, she was already long gone, and they would become more cautious about who they let into their city going forward. Not that such an event would prevent Berengar's network from infiltrating the city; at most, it simply made it more difficult to do so.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115: Bringing Down the Castle Walls
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The cannons continuously bombarded the walls of the Castle in Schwaz throughout the past few days. While Berengar's spy network was active in their acts of assassination and sabotage, the young Viscount was busy laying siege to the object of his vengeance. Not once had the Regent or the family of the Viscount sued for peace throughout the continuous bombardment, not that Berengar would accept such terms. Still, he found it strange that they had not even attempted to contact the besieging army.

Nevertheless, the defenders could do nothing but sit by and wait for the walls to come down, as Berengar's forces had superior range, and if they even tried to poke their heads above the ramparts, they would surely be shot dead. Having estimated the time it would take to bring down the walls, Berengar was now standing at the head of his army, which surrounded the castle, waiting for the moment when the walls came crashing down around their enemies. Just as predicted the large stone walls came crashing down, scattering dust and debris throughout the air, luckily Berengar and his forces were far enough away to be affected.

Finally, after a few days of bombardment, the Castle walls had fallen. With it, Berengar ordered his troops to advance; as such, the armies of Berengar advanced with their muskets loaded, and bayonets affixed where a similar scene to what occurred a few days prior in the city below unfolded. The musketeers advanced while lobbing grenades into the crowd of men at arms guarding the sections of the castle walls that had fallen; after the grenades had detonated, the firing lines opened fire upon the defenders, sending musket balls passing through their armor and wrecking their lines of defense. It was only after several volleys had been fired into the defenders, that Berenagar's forces rushed the survivors with their bayonets and swords.

Berengar, of course, was once more at the head of his troops, leading them into battle with his sword raised, adeptly dodging and parrying the attacks of the polearms and swords that came his way. The only real threat to his life would be the single-handed blunt weapons in which some of the enemies wielded as such; he made sure to stay on his toes as he thrust the long blade of his cavalry sword into the vital areas of his opponent's body or the gaps in their armor. It would appear that the armies before him were the most heavily equipped of the city defenders, and as such many of them wore brigandine or coat of plates. Thus it took substantial skill to move around their weapons and reap their lives.

The battlefield became a chaotic mess as bayonets clashed with spears, and gunshots were fired above the heads of the melee and into the ramparts whose sections still held archers and crossbowmen that attempted to repel the invaders. Blood spilled across the snowy ground as it stained the floor red, and bodies rapidly collapsed upon it. Having concentrated their fire on three sections of the castle walls as they had done before, Berengar's forces were invading from all sides, slowly pushing back the castle's defenders. Before long, they would be forced back to the Keep where the Viscount's family resided.

Berengar deflected an oncoming sword strike from a heavily armored man at arms. Quickly finding himself on the defensive against the superior swordsman Berengar was pushed back to his troops, who quickly came to his aid. As Berenger blocked yet another oncoming strike, two of his soldiers flanked the man-at-arms and simultaneously pierced through the gaps in his armor, one through the armpit and one through the aventail of his bascinet. Thus the man who had briefly caused Berengar some trouble was quickly cut down by his soldiers.

Before long, the Castle courtyard was overrun by the black and gold-clad forces of Berengar's army; all that remained was to burst down the door to the keep of the Castle; rather than get a battering ram Berengar ordered one of his 12 lb cannons to be brought forth, where it was rapidly loaded and fired at the mighty door of the keep which was blasted into smithereens by the overwhelming power of the solid cannonball.

Afterward, his troops rushed into the Castle. They began to gun down any survivors they came across, ultimately finding themselves in the great hall where the Regent and the Viscount's family was currently huddling together in fear. It turned out that the Regent was not a member of the Viscount's family as his children were too young to effectively rule, as such one of the Viscount's advisors was left in charge of the Viscounty of Schwaz and had ordered the attack on Berengar's camp in the night which had resulted in the city being besieged.

After finding the wife of the Viscount huddling together with her small children, Berengar found himself with a moral dilemma. Despite the fact that he had sworn to behead the Viscount's family and place their heads on pikes; his entire family was comprised of women and children who had nothing to do with the ambush; as such, he came to a decision. Berengar pointed to the man who he believed to be the Regent of Schwaz and addressed him.

"Are you the Regent?"

the man nodded his head in fear, he did not know what fate awaited him, but as Regent, he should be afforded some protection; as such, he instantly admitted it. Before he could introduce himself, Berengar gave a command to his troops

"Have this man executed by firing squad for the public to see!"

Two soldiers saluted Berengar before following his orders

"Yes, my Lord!"

after saying that, they grabbed ahold of the regent and dragged him away, kicking and screaming. The man begged for a reprieve from Berengar's wrath, but neither he nor his soldiers were listening.

"I am the Regent; I am a man of noble birth! I am afforded ransom!"

Yet Berengar did not pay attention to a single word he said; as far as he was concerned, the man was guilty and deserved to pay with his life. After the regent was dragged away, Berengar sheathed his sword and approached the Viscount's family, where he began to address them.

"I am Viscount Berengar von Kufstein, your Liege has declared open rebellion against Duke Wilmar of Austria, and I am here to reclaim these lands in his stead. So long as you comply, I assure you no harm will come to you."

After witnessing how Berengar had disregarded proper etiquette and had the Regent dragged away to be executed, the wife of the Viscount did not dare believe him; nevertheless, there was nothing she could do about the situation thus, she bowed her head in respect, hoping that the young man before her would keep his word.

"Then we are under your care."

A satisfied grin spread across Berengar's immaculate face as the Viscountess submitted before his rule; as such, Berengar gave a decree to his soldiers.

"Keep a Garrison of 800 men here to maintain order, and repair the damage. As of now, the Viscounty of Schwaz is hereby incorporated into my domain. There shall be no harm done to the civilians and prisoners so long as they do not resist, am I understood?"

In unison, the soldiers within the Great Hall all called out to Berengar

"Yes, my Lord!"

Thus Berengar had successfully captured the Viscount of Schwaz, where his army would rest for a few days before moving onto Innsbruck. This was the first major victory in his conquest of Tyrol, which would prove to be a long and bloody endeavor. Despite this small victory in the Austrian Alps, and the microcosm that was the war for Tyrol, countless battles waged across the German Kingdom that were far more devastating, unfortunately not every army had the discipline in which Berengar's was instilled with, as such tens of thousands of refugees from across the German-speaking region had begun to make their way to Kufstein in search of a better life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116: Marching to Innsbruck
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a successful siege of Schwaz and its stable occupation, Berengar waited a few days for rest and resupply. Now that he had effectively eliminated the enemy forces between Kufstein and Innsbruck, he could establish a stable logistical network to supply his war efforts which would go a long way towards establishing dominance in Tyrol. No matter how powerful his army was, if they were cut off from supplies, it would only mean their demise; as such, Berengar and his army waited in Schwarz for a few days to fully resupply their forces and the garrison before moving out.

During this time, Berengar properly oversaw his forces and ensured they conducted themselves in a civilized manner. Prisoners of war were afforded proper treatment, and the civilians were left to go about their daily lives without harassment. So long as there was no armed resistance, Berengar would tolerate their protests. The moment the citizens took up arms to attack his Garrison, they would be authorized to use lethal force. This point was effectively communicated to the native population, and though there was some civil unrest, it was primarily peaceful.

Despite Berengar's reputation for advocating for the wellbeing of the common folk, he was still considered a foreign invader in the Viscounty of Schwaz. As such, there was naturally a degree of resistance to his occupation. Nevertheless, it never got out of hand. Therefore Berengar never cracked down upon it during his degree. Sometimes the people needed to vent their frustrations civilly, and Berengar knew this all too well. His orders for the garrison were to build friendly ties with the locals and only use violence to maintain authority as a last resort. It was a completely different occupation than normal in this world, and the initial resistance had already begun to die down by the time Berengar left.

To properly defend the region, Berengar left a small unit of artillery behind, a total of three field guns and the necessary artillerymen needed to operate them. Word surely would have spread by now of his siege of Schwaz, and that would most likely entice his enemies to march upon the City in an attempt to break his siege, unfortunately for his enemies, if they decided to march upon Schwaz, they would be met with a fully captured city with three field guns mounted upon it, and 800 men with muskets defending upon the ramparts.

Eventually, his forces were fully resupplied, and his army was prepared to march upon Innsbruck; as such, Berengar once more mounted his mighty steed Erwin before standing at the head of the army; he looked upon his army with a smile upon his visage before declaring the order they had all been waiting for.

"Forward March!"

Thus an army of over 4000 men departed from the city of Schwaz as they set forth for their destination, which was the heart of Tyrol, where they would engage in another fierce battle for dominance of the region. As the army marched, the band's sounds echoed in the cold winter air, and the men began to sing the lyrics to another marching song. The sight of thousands of soldiers departing through the city gates into the frost-covered Alps as they sang marching songs could be observed by the people of Schwaz as they gazed upon the departing army with complicated expressions.

In the dead of winter Berengar's soldiers marched with eager expressions on their faces; the cruelty of war did not dispirit them, rather their overwhelming victories and the might of the weapons and tactics they possessed managed to lift their spirits, knowing that they were able to lay siege to a city effectively, and its castle with minimal losses.

Berengar sang along to the tune that was playing, which was none other than the infamous Erika in which the Wehrmacht had been famous for singing in his previous life. Seeing the pleasant smile on the young Viscount's face, Eckhard sighed heavily; every time he fought alongside Berengar, the mad man was filled with excitement and eagerness to wage war. He had never witnessed a Lord so eager to fight alongside his troops at the frontlines or the complete and total disregard for the consequences such actions might have. As such, he could not help but ask Berengar what possessed him to behave in such a manner.

"My Lord, if I may ask, why are you always the first into the fray?"

Berengar's pleasant smile switched to a smug one upon hearing those words before speaking his mind.

"A commander should always lead by example!"

It was a noble response that made Eckhard look more fondly upon his Lord and Commander. Of course, that was only part of the reason Berengar jumped into the fray at the first opportunity he got. Much like Alexander from the ancient era, Berengar was not only good at warfare but thoroughly enjoyed it. The adrenaline he felt as the arrows and bolts were let loose upon him, the sweet fragrance of gunpowder filling the air as his soldiers fired upon the enemy, and the exhilaration he felt as he fought for his life against a skilled opponent. These were things that could not be replicated elsewhere in life.

Truthfully Berengar did not know when he began to take pleasure in combat; it was not something he enjoyed in his past life during his tenure in the US Army. Yet he did not feel guilty for it; after all, Berengar never once proclaimed himself to be a pious man. In fact, if heaven truly existed then, he knew he would not see its pearly gates. Yet he was not concerned with the afterlife; after all, he had already died once, and all that presented to him was an opportunity to achieve great things in this second life. Thus Berengar did not concern himself with such subjective things as morality, he had a war to win, and if he was going to be waging war, he might as well enjoy himself.

History would not write about this hidden side of Berengar's personality, for he and his offspring would ultimately write the history books. Berengar knew that future generations did not look kindly upon warlords, and conquerors, especially those who enjoyed the bloody business of warfare. Instead, the history books would recognize him as a benevolent Monarch who rose to the occasion to unite the German-speaking regions in a time of great chaos and civil strife, a man who always looked out for the interests of his people, and most of all, led the German people into a new age of advancement and prosperity.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117: Siege of Vienna
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the moment, Count Lothar was currently sitting in his siege camp outside of Vienna. While the defending and opposing forces slung rocks at one another through their trebuchets, Count Lothar was sitting in the rear of his forces, safely watching the progress of the siege from afar. At the moment, the siege towers were once more attempting to get to the walls of the enemy formations; unlike Berengar's efforts in Tyrol, this was a true medieval siege in every sense of the word. The prevalence of firearms had not yet become widespread in Europe outside of Berengar's forces. As such, crossbowmen hid behind ramparts and pavise alike as they fired upon each other from a proper engagement distance of over 300 yards.

Seeing the siege towers heading towards the location, alongside men with ladders, the defending forces focused on taking down the invaders. Among the ramparts clad in full plate armor was Duke Wilmar's oldest son Gautbehrt who personally led the efforts to defend the city walls. Despite the siege ongoing for weeks, the invading forces were just now starting to make progress on their attempts to get past the mighty walls of Vienna.

With an arming sword in hand, Gautbehrt stood along the ramparts as an act of morale, the moment those siege towers were within distance to unleash their hordes; he would begin to cut them down. Soon enough the first siege tower dropped its bridge onto the ramparts allowing for Count Lothar's forces to cross onto the city's walls swiftly. Instantly Gautbehrt collided with the enemy forces alongside several of his allies. A chaotic melee broke out between the defending and opposing forces on multiple sections of the walls.

Gautbehrt deflects an oncoming blow before gripping the blade of his sword in a technique referred to as half swording and precisely dug his blade into the gaps between the enemy man-at-arms shoulder armor. Though it was not enough to kill the man, it gave him a position of control where he continued to press the man forward and over the edge of the wall, where he swiftly fell to his death. Before Gautbehrt even had time to catch his breath, another attacker rushed towards him with a mace in hand, which he swung desperately at Gautbehrt, whom the attacker recognized to be the enemy commander.

Swiftly evading the attack, Gautbehrt flipped his sword upside down and repeatedly struck the man in the skull with his pommel; after several strikes, the man collapsed with his skull bashed in from the blunt force trauma.

Gautbehrt screamed to his troops over the sound of the ongoing carnage

"Hold the line! We must defend the walls!"

As such, the defenders of the city of Vienna struggled with all their might to defend the city walls against the invading force. Unfortunately for the defenders, they were not nearly as well equipped as Count Lothar's forces. Many of the men within the garrison were wearing the more primitive coat of plates over a mail hauberk and gambeson jacket. Their helmets were primarily open-face bascinets with a mail aventail, and their limbs were either left unprotected or protected by a combination of the splint and plate armor.

Compared to the man at arms of Lothar's army, which was covered from head to toe in a mixture of brigandine and plate, the defenders had many more exposed areas where they could be gravely wounded or even killed. After several hours of bloody struggle, the defense of the City walls began to collapse, and the city's defenders brave as they were found themselves on the brink of defeat. Ultimately Gautbehrt was forced to give the order to his surviving men.

"Retreat! Retreat to the Castle!"

With that, the once valiant defenders of the city fled from the walls and ran back to the Castle for a last line of defense. Leaving the city for the taking of Count Lothar and his forces. Immediately upon taking the walls, the attackers opened the gates and allowed for the rest of the army to enter the city, where a combination of looting, ****, and murder began to take place as the soldiers under Lothar's command began to sack the city for its worth.

The heavily armed soldiers killed those who resisted, women and girls were taken from their homes and ravaged by the invading men, and entire city sections were burnt to the ground. It was truly an uncivilized time for warfare, and the once-proud city defenders could only watch from atop the Castle as their city was lit aflame from below. Praying to God that some form of relief would come soon, or else even they would suffer at the hands of Count Lothar.

Count Lothar gazed upon the scene of his forces raiding the city with a malicious smile; while drinking from a chalice of wine, a messenger came to report the situation from the frontlines.

"My Liege, the City, has been seized, Gautbehrt and his men have fled to the Castle where they are currently holding on. It will be some time before we can break through its gates and truly claim Vienna as our own. What are your orders?"

Count Lothar said in a completely vicious voice as he gazed upon the messenger.

"Continue to raid the city; I want to see how long the defenders can withstand the sight of their precious capital being ransacked."

A sadistic grin appeared on the messenger's face as he responded to Count Lothar's orders.

"As you command, my Lord!"

With that said, Lothar continued to gaze upon the fires that began to spread across the city and the screams of the victims of his army. Soon enough, Vienna would be his, the Duke's family would become his hostages, and he would be able to force the old bastard to abdicate and place him as the new Duke of Austria. Once that was the case, he would rally his forces and end Berengar's little rebellion. Everything was going smoothly.

After arriving within the safety of the Castle's walls, Gautbehrt cursed loudly as he detached his great bascinet and hurled it into the corner in a fit of fury.

"Goddammit!"

When his commanders saw his reaction, they could not help but ask what they should do now that they were stuck in the City's Castle.

"My Lord, what are we going to do now?"

Gautbehrt sighed heavily in an attempt to calm his nerves; after several moments of deep breathing, he opened his eyes, and with a solemn expression, gave his orders.

"We will wait until reinforcements arrive; by now, my father is aware of Count Lothar's betrayal and has sent an army to lift the siege. We have to hold on until then..."

One of the commanders looked at Gautbehrt with a complex expression as he voiced his concerns.

"What about the city?"

Gautbehrt covered his face with his steel-clad hands before saying what his troops feared the most.

"Unfortunately, there is nothing we can do about that now. Hopefully, relief will arrive soon so they can end this madness!"

Unfortunately for the City of Vienna, Count Otto's forces had been caught in a blizzard within the Bavarian Alps. They were unable to come to their aid for the foreseeable future. Only time would tell if the Castle of Vienna could hold on long enough for support to arrive or if the family of Duke Wilmar would fall into the hands of the wretched Count Lothar. During the duration of the siege the citizens of Vienna would suffer immensely under the pressure of Count Lothar's forces, but that was the price of war.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118: Taking the City!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Upon arriving at Innsbruck, Berengar and his army immediately created a proper siege camp, which was well defended and placed out of range of the enemy's weapons. However, unlike the sieges Berengar had led before, this bombardment was brief, and not concentrated on the weak points in the City's defense. This act was to maintain the integrity of the walls as there was a far more sinister plot afoot, one which would allow him to take the city without the need to bring down the walls.

Berengar's riflemen continued to take shots at the enemy defenders until the sun went down. The enemy defenders were not accustomed to such weapons and figured this was the ordinary tactics employed; as such, they were unaware of Berengar's true intentions. It was not until late at night that Berengar had gathered a group of a little over two dozen grenadiers at the edge of the siege camp. These were his most elite forces within his infantry battalions, and they would be following him behind enemy lines soon enough.

Due to conspiring with Adelheid, the cell of agents contained within the city walls, and even the castle itself, Berengar did not need to lay siege to this city in the manner he had previously done. Instead, he and his grenadiers were waiting for a diversion that would be the signal to approach the sally port in the city's walls, where a spy would personally allow him and a few of his men into the city where they would fight to open the gates so that the rest of his army could invade.

Eckhard was standing next to Berengar; though he would not be taking part in the operation, he wanted to voice his concerns over the current plan in which Berengar was about to take part.

"My Lord, I really want you to rethink this... Participating in this operation yourself is an enormous risk to not only your own life but the success of the army."

Despite his Vice-Commander's complaints, Berengar remained undeterred; he would never order his men to undergo such a dangerous operation if he himself was not willing to take the risk. As such, he clasped Eckhard on the shoulder and smiled at him, with a gaze filled with confidence.

"Do not worry, my friend; I promise you, within a matter of minutes, the main gates to the city will be open, and the army will be able to secure the area with minimal casualties! Do not fret, for I will endure, as I always have."

Eckhard wanted to debate with Berengar further about his actions. However, he did not have the chance to do so, as a massive blast when off from within the city and gained the defenders' attention, who rushed to put out the fire that was spreading. By smuggling TNT into the city and into the hands of his spy network, they were able to sabotage the granary and draw the guards' notice who would leave the walls relatively undefended.

Berengar let go of Eckhard's shoulder and lifted his musket into the air; since he was going into the city with small numbers, he decided to arm himself with a proper musket for this operation and a pair of grenades. He immediately began rushing towards the nearby sally port and commanded his troops to follow.

"That's the signal! Go! go! go!"

With that, the grenadiers alongside their commander rushed towards the sally port with muskets in hand and bayonets affixed. As they reached the small gate, Berengar and his men noticed a figure shrouded in black open the gates, which allowed them access to the city.

The figure was a young woman, but one could only tell due to her high voice.

"Quickly, take the gates! The guards will notice something is a miss soon enough, and will be on alert!"

With that said, Berengar and his grenadiers rushed to the main city gate, where a few dozen defenders stood watch. Berengar immediately gave the order to lob their grenades.

"Frag out!"

A series of grenades were thrown to the enemy's positions and rolled beneath their feet. The city's defenders looked cautiously at the strange devices whose fuses were aflame for a brief moment before they were engulfed in the explosive blast and the shrapnel provided by the steel shell of the device. Not a single man on watch survived the blast of the grenades, and the grenadiers quickly took the position of defense as a couple of the men began to open the gate. Noticing another explosion near the gates, a company of the garrison quickly rushed to its direction where they walked straight into a firing line; Berengar gave the order to fire the moment they were within firing range.

"Fire!"

with his words, two dozen muskets went off in unison, shredding the steel brigandine armor of the company of soldiers who advanced. Though it was only enough to kill roughly a dozen or so men and as such plenty of enemies remainder, though they were initially taken aback by the myserious weapons and their destructive power; when they noticed a second volley was not fired, they began their advance once more. As the gate was slowly rising, Berengar and his forces did not bother reloading their muskets. Instead, they lobbed their spare grenades into the crowd, which immediately detonated, tearing the advancing company to pieces. By the time the second wave of grenades went off, not a single soldier among the enemy company had remained standing.

Berengar once more gave the order to reload; now that they were out of grenades, they would rely on volley fire and melee to defend the gatehouse until the gates were fully open. It did not take long for another enemy group to arrive, where another volley of musket fire once more gunned them down. However, this time, the gates were open enough for Berengar's men to rush through, and several dozen more infantrymen rapidly formed ranks and fired upon the oncoming enemies.

Before long, his entire army had entered through the gates of the city of Innsbruck and began to hunt down the enemy as they pushed toward the castle. Count Lothar's son and heir, as well as Linde's older brother, was in a deep slumber as his city fell around him. Without even the slightest awareness of the ongoing situation, the Castle of Innsbruck was quickly surrounded by Berengar's forces. Where he would prepare for a similar set of tactics the following night, by the time the Regent became aware that the city had fallen, it would be too late to mount a defense.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119: Negotiating Surrender
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

By the time the sun rose, the city of Innsbruck was fully in the hands of Berengar; the only part that had yet to fall was the Castle that contained the Count's family. Berengar intended to capture them and leave their fate to Linde; after all, they were her siblings. Nevertheless, when Liutbert, who was Count Lothar's son, and Heir, as well as Linde's older brother, realized that the city was taken within a single night, he could not believe his eyes.

In a fit of fury, the young man, who was a couple of years older than Linde, lashed at his advisors who were trapped within the Castle's walls alongside him.

"How did this happen? How was Berengar the Accursed able to take the city in a single night?"

Much like Linde Liutbert had strawberry blonde hair and sky blue eyes. He was quite the dashing figure and was a brilliant mind in his own right. Unfortunately, he had long since been betrayed by his own family and was completely unaware of this fact. Neither he nor his advisors knew how the Castle had fallen so quickly; when they heard the explosions last night, they had assumed it was just another bombardment taking place. They were completely dumbfounded by the idea that their walls had failed to fulfill their purpose.

One of Liutbert's advisors, a lanky and rat-faced man, nervously spoke his thoughts on the matter.

"My Lord, we do not know how Berengar took the city, but I assure you he will not be able to enter the Castle so easily!"

Liutbert scoffed at the man's reasoning; if Berengar could so easily take the city without anyone realizing how he had achieved it, what would prevent him from using the same tactics to take the Castle. As a result of his anger, Liutbert threw his chalice at the advisor who had spoken up and chastised the man.

"Berengar is at our doorstep! It is only a matter of time before he takes this Castle! What do you think his men will do to my sisters when they enter the house of my forefathers!?!"

Liutbert was not a fool; he quickly realized the position he was in and had immediately come to a decision, though he hated the idea if he wanted to spare himself and his siblings, he would have to negotiate a surrender. Because Berengar was a condemned heretic, Liutbert could not expect him to follow the common etiquette of the battlefield and allow him and his siblings the privilege of ransom. Thus he turned to his advisors and informed them of his monumental decision, which his father would undoubtedly disapprove of.

"I will meet with Berengar and discuss my terms of surrender, I don't care what it takes but I will ensure the safety of my family!"

The advisors looked at Liutbert with shocked expressions, and as such, expressed their concerns.

"The Count would never allow it! He would rather that you and your siblings fight to the death against this rebel than surrender your family's home to the enemy!"

Liutbert was in no mood to argue with his advisors; as such, he walked up to the man who had said such foolish words and backhanded him across the face.

"I am not my father, and if that blaggard would see his children slaughtered rather than live to fight another day, then he is truly not worthy of my loyalty!"

This statement was outright treasonous, but Liutbert would never be put in this position if his father had not schemed to overthrow their relatives and become the Duke of Austria. After displaying his authority through violence, the advisors quickly got to work to sue for peace with Berengar.

...

Berengar was currently camped outside the Castle's walls with his army. They were in the process of loading the cannons; however, right before they could fire the first bombardment, a white flag was raised above the Castle's ramparts, which forced Berengar to stay his hand. Berengar grabbed a white flag of his own to symbolize that he and his forces were willing to negotiate peacefully. After both flags were visible the two parties met in between the besieging army and the castle's defenses.

Berengar wore a conceited expression on his face as he stood before Liutbert, who was scowling with disfavor. The two men stood before each other with a few guards to ensure their safety; Berengar was quite a bit taller than Liutbert, which got on the young Regent's nerves. Finally, Berengar broke the silence with a smug remark.

"Are you going to waste my time, or do you have something to say?"

Liutbert wanted to make a witty retort but chose to shut his mouth and focus on diplomacy. As such, he quickly laid out his demands.

"I will surrender Innsbruck to you and the Castle within it so long as you ensure the safety of myself and my siblings!"

Berengar gazed upon Liutbert's figure, trying to investigate any clues about the man's character before responding. After concluding, he inquired about the details.

"Anything else?"

Liutbert quickly shook his head with a defeated expression before responding.

"I may not be the wisest man in the world, but I know I am in no position to make demands. All I ask is for my safety and that of my family."

Berengar smiled and stuck out his hand in a friendly gesture

"Very well, under these terms, I accept your surrender, you will be escorted back to Kufstein where your sister is currently residing, you will be kept as my guests until a time where your father either surrenders or perishes upon the battlefield. As for the possession of the title of Count of Tyrol, that shall be up to our liege Duke Wilmar to decide."

Liutbert frowned as he sighed in defeat eventually he shook Berengar's hand. Berengar's guards began to escort the defeated Regent; however, as he was walking away, the strawberry-blonde-haired youth quickly turned around and asked Berengar a question that had always been on his mind.

"I wonder if you can humor my curiosity for a moment?"

Berengar, who was about to order his troops to storm the castle, turned around and looked at the man with a curious gaze before commenting.

"I don't see why not?"

Berengar's troops carefully guarded Liutbert to ensure he did not attempt anything foolish, noticing the restraints he was under, Liutbert swiftly asked his question.

"As long as I have known my sister Linde she has never once obeyed any orders she has been given; in fact, that Ice Queen has humiliated many powerful young men for the sake of entertainment; how exactly did you get her to obey your orders?"

Berengar laughed at Liutbert's comments; out of all the questions he could have asked, it was about how he could tame Linde? To Berengar, this was quite humorous; after chuckling for a few moments, Berengar smiled and spread his arms in the air before announcing in a voice in which all his troops could hear.

"How do you tame any woman? By giving her a good tumble!"

The men under Berengar's commander immediately began to laugh at their commander's remark, and Liutbert was left blushing at the words in which Berengar had spoken. He never expected Berengar to answer his question so boldly; after that, Liutbert was escorted to a temporary holding cell by Berengar's men, where he and his siblings would stay until they could be safely transported to Kufstein.

With that out of the way, Berengar now held Innsbruck and Schwaz, as for the remainder of the regions within the County of Tyrol, they were currently suffering sabotage and assassinations left and right, and soon their regents would become so enraged that they would march on Innsbruck to put an end to Berengar's so-called rebellion. In doing so, they would be playing right into the young Viscount's hands. As for Count Lothar's forces that were on their way to Kufstein. They were only a few days from reaching their destination, and when they did so, they would be in for a rude awakening.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120: Bloodbath at Innsbruck I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With Innsbruck fully under Berengar's control and the walls intact, the young Viscount rapidly mounted his cannons on the best positions of the city walls. Unlike the walls of Kufstein, which were expertly designed to prevent any blind spots, the medieval walls of Innsbruck did not allow for proper coverage, especially with as few as 15 field guns, considering he left three of his cannons behind in Schwaz, he was limited in his use of artillery, but that did not matter, the hundreds of rifled muskets among his troops, could make up for the lack of defensive artillery. As for the remaining smoothbore muskets, they could be placed through the machicolations and effectively counter enemy troops who got too close to the walls.

Berengar currently stood atop the walls of the city of Innsbruck gazing off into the distance with his spyglass, it had been over a week since he had seized Innsbruck, and finally, an army could be seen in the distance. The sabotage and assassinations which targetted the enemy Lords of Tyrol and their domains had been ongoing since the beginning of his campaign. As such, they had caused quite a degree of damage throughout the hostile regions of Tyrol, infuriating the noblemen and regents who ruled over the regions in place of their Barons and Viscounts who were off engaging in the ongoing siege of Vienna.

Due to the outrage in which these Regents suffered, they had dispatched whatever armed forces they could muster to attack Innsbruck; after all, they did not believe Berengar's army would be well equipped to withstand a siege after the losses they must have suffered during two sieges and an ambush. They were completely unaware that Berengar had taken Innsbruck without much of a fight, and thus his casualties were quite low. Just as Berengar had planned, his enemies would descend upon Innsbruck with their remaining fighting forces, allowing him to take care of them in a single sweep. As for what happened after this battle, Berengar intended to threaten the defiant realms into submission and march upon their weakened garrisons if needed.

Eckhard approached Berengar and noticed he was gazing into the distance with a spyglass; the old veteran figured the enemy was on the horizon and thus asked about the important details.

"How many are there?"

Berengar smirked malevolently at the approaching armies before handing the spyglass to Eckhard.

"See for yourself."

Eckhard took a look into the spyglass and frowned. What he saw was over ten thousand peasant levies, supported by a thousand or so men at arms who most likely acted as the key components of the garrisons in which protected the cities and towns of their enemies' realms.

After putting down the spyglass and handing it back to Berengar, Eckhard voiced his opinions.

"It appears they have drafted cannon fodder from the common people to rush at our defenses. This will be a bloodbath that will surely affect the productivity of Tyrol for years to come."

Berengar sighed and nodded at Eckhard's claims, it would undoubtedly be a one-sided massacre that would greatly affect Tyrol's future, yet to Berengar, it was a price that needed to be paid. Berengar, however, corrected Eckhard as he lectured him about the necessity of the battle.

"Decades... However, it is a sacrifice that must be made; without demonstrating our overwhelming power here to the Lords of Tyrol, we would be forced to lay siege to every city, the casualties would be disastrous not only to our own forces but the local populations."

As such, Berengar lifted a nearby red flag and waved it in the air; this acted as a signal to the artillery crews to wave their own red flags. Within a matter of seconds, every artillery crew was notified of the need to load their weapons and began to act accordingly. When the soldiers sitting on the ramparts saw the red flags waving in the air, they immediately became alert, recognizing that the enemy army was approaching, and began to load their muskets.

The defending army waited for a little over an hour before the enemy was within firing range of the artillery pieces. However, the artillery still did not fire; with explosive shells, the 1417 12 lb Cannon could fire at an effective range of 1680 yards with 5 degrees of elevation. However, they had no plans to engage the targets at such a distance. Otherwise, the enemy would surely flee back to their homes long before the defenders had inflicted mass casualties on them.

Berengar himself had loaded a rifled musket and was standing on the ramparts waiting for the arrival of the enemy. After some time, the enemy army stopped within firing range, in Berengar's hands, and that of many of his soldiers could reach well over 500 yards with their 1417/18 Rifled Muskets. The reason for this was due to the effectiveness of the mine balls projectile and the long barrel length, which was 6 inches longer than the barrel used by the 1861 Springfield Rifled-Musket, which was utilized by Union forces during the American Civil War from Berengar's previous life.

Unaware of the enemy's effective range, the enemy began setting up their siege camp within range of their rifled muskets and cannons; it was only after they had dropped their defenses and became busy with the hard labor of setting up camp did Berengar signal for the attack to begin.

"Fire!"

With those words, over half a dozen cannons and hundreds of rifled muskets went off in unison, unleashing a disastrous wave of explosive shells and lead balls penetrating deep into the heart of the enemy forces. When the enemy commanders gazed upon the thunder of the guns and the carnage that was rained down upon them, they were completely shocked. Though they had heard Berengar's army was equipped mostly with hand cannons, they figured the effective firing range was a few yards at best; never in their wildest dreams did they envision such overwhelming destruction wrought upon them as they were building their camp.

The commanders were quick to act and immediately ordered their men to rush towards the wall with ladders in hand; they did not even have the time to build any siege weapons; as such, they could only hope to get over the wall with the use of ladders. Though the intensive fear was in the eyes of the peasant levies who felt as if the hand of God was crushing them beneath his grasp, they mustered the courage and attempted to get close to the wall.

What resulted next would be a battle that filled the enemy with utter despair, for only death and destruction awaited them now that the battle had begun.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121: Bloodbath at Innsbruck II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the battle having Begun, Berengar rapidly loaded his rifled musket before taking off another shot at the oncoming attackers; his projectile struck through the abdomen of an oncoming levy, bursting it apart and sending the man grievously injured onto the ground below where he slowly bled to death. Right after doing so, an arrow was fired upon him from below and glanced upon his steel skull cap; if it were just a few inches lower, it would have pierced his eye. Berengar quickly took cover behind the merlons as he began to reload his musket again.

His troops were operating under the orders of fire at will, and as such, the firing sequence was sporadic, as cannons went off at different times, and muskets followed in suit. Eventually, a group of levies made it to the edges of the walls, where the defenders began pointing their muskets through the machicolations and unloading their lead projectiles onto the poor souls below. Now that the enemy was directly below the defenders, the thousands of infantry who still wielded the 1417 Land Pattern Musket, which was smoothbore and thus had limited range, were able to engage the enemy behind the safety of the walls.

The screams of the enemy filled the air as they were blasted apart by cannons and muskets alike. Despite the devastating fire which was rained down upon them, some ladders eventually made their way into a position where the defenders closest to them fixed their bayonets and pierced through the levies' chests who scaled the ladders. Due to a lack of armor, the bayonet thrusts were extremely efficient at piercing through the levies' chests, and the bodies were kicked down from the ramparts and onto the forces below. Eventually, the ladders were pushed back down to the ground below, crushing some of the men in the massive horde that attacked the city's walls. Surrounded, the defenders rapidly fired their muskets as quickly as they could, each soldier getting off roughly three shots a minute into the pool below.

Without any way to defend themselves, it had become a turkey shoot. The defenders stayed behind the cover of the merlons and fired into the mob of peasants and men at arms who kept pressing forward, trying to get out of the firing zone of the mighty cannons. Despite the attackers nearest to the wall being within the cannons' blind spots, they were unfortunately within the line of sight of the musketeers due to the machicolations, which provided the ability to fire directly down on the enemies below while being protected by the stone walls. With over 3000 infantry firing 2-3 rounds per minute, the defending forces could fire over 9000 rounds per minute onto the forces below, who numbered roughly 15,000 in total. Though not every projectile hit its mark, it took only a matter of minutes before a sea of corpses had filled below the Castle's walls.

The level of chaos and carnage wrought upon the besiegers in such a short time span was unimaginable. The nobles were terrified by the powerful weapons in which Berengar's forces wielded and had already fled to the edges of the battlefield; their armies were nearly annihilated even the heavily armored men at arms could not resist the might of the thunderous weapons in which Berengar and his armies were equipped. These noblemen were the children and vassals of the mighty Barons and Viscounts that had marched off to war with Lothar. They came to the conclusion that Berengar's rebellion was fated to end in an overwhelming victory. Witnessing death descend upon the battlefield as they had, they finally realized the reason why Berengar was so rapidly able to conquer cities; they highly doubted whether the stone walls of the era could defend against such overwhelming firepower.

Without realizing they were still within the range of the cannons, the commanders gathered what remained of their army and began to discuss among themselves how to proceed. A man in his thirties dressed in full plate lifted the visor to his bascinet and spoke with a voice filled with trepidation.

"What foul sorcery has Berengar the Accursed conjured to produce such devastating weapons? It must be true that he consorts with demons if such destructive power lies in his hands! How could we mere mortals defeat the devil and his representative here on earth!"

The Lords who had gathered had not gotten a good view of just exactly how their armies were so quickly slaughtered; they merely heard the thunder and saw the blood and flesh of their men splatter across the battlefield, completely negating any armor they may have been wearing. It was as if Berengar had created an army of sorcerers and demons. For how could the average soldier possess such dominating force?

Another Lord agreed with the previous statement and added his own

"We must flee quickly, or surely we will be devoured by the gates of hell! We must warn others of the demonic power in which Berengar possesses!"

However, before they could flee in haste, the thunder of 6 guns going off echoed in the air as their explosive shells landed upon the gathering of nobles and tore them asunder. Berengar smiled wickedly as he gazed through his spyglass. In under an hour, the siege had been lifted, and his enemy was torn to shreds; the commanders were all dead many of which were the regents of the unconquered regions of Tyrol. This overwhelming bloodbath would allow Berengar to place a Garrison within Innsbruck and move onto the depleted regions which refused to bend the knee to him and swiftly conquer the rest of Tyrol.

Eckhard quickly approached Berengar and asked what he wanted to do with the remaining forces still within firing range of the cannons, all of which were completely shell-shocked after witnessing the deaths of their commanders and comrades in such a short period of time.

"My Lord, what shall we do with the remaining enemies?"

Berengar's lips curved into a wicked grin as he gave his final command in defense of Innsbruck.

"Open the gates and have the Cuirassiers ride them down!"

Seeing that Berengar had decided to silence the enemy to prevent any word of his advanced weaponry from leaking, Eckhard merely sighed as he saluted by pounding his fist on his breastplate.

"It will be done, My Lord."

After Berengar's orders were given to the Battalion of Cuirassiers, who had up until now not been given a chance to display their might, the roughly 1,200 men mounted their horses before they rode out to butcher the thousand or so men who had already begun to route. The heavy cavalry quickly caught up to the fleeing footmen and cut them down like wheat to the scythe. Not a single besieger had made it out of the battle alive, and Berengar once more displayed the lengths he would go to to ensure his overwhelming victory in this war and all the wars to come. The more Berengar could prolong the spread of accurate information about his weapons, the longer he could maintain his overwhelming technological advantage over his enemies.

While this defense was going on, another battle was taking place back in the heartland of the Viscounty of Kufstein. While Berengar was crushing his enemies who marched upon him, Count Lothar's forces had arrived within Kufstein. If the defense of Innsbruck were considered a bloodbath, then the Siege of Kufstein would be considered a sea of blood.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122: Defense of Kufstein
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Theodoric was at the head of his armies; they had marched from Vienna to Kufstein for the last few weeks, while Berengar was engaging in defense of Innsbruck and the bloodbath which would be the result. Theodoric had just arrived in the Viscounty of Kufstein. They were currently in the Barony of Kitzbühel, where they planned to lay siege to Kitzbuhel before marching on the City of Kufstein. However, when they entered the region, they noticed strange forts in the pattern of stars protecting the local villages. As they got close, explosive shells had rained down upon their army battering away at their forces.

It did not take long before Theodoric and his forces began to panic, wasn't Kufstein supposed to be open for the taking? Something was amiss, but they could not give up because of this incident as such Theoderic began to rally his forces who were terrified by the mysterious weapons that bombarded their ranks. Theodoric immediately began to order a retreat from the village in which they had initially wanted to raid; despite having overwhelming numbers, they could not get close to the village without losing hundreds of men, and as such, Theodoric commanded his troops.

"Retreat! Fall back to Kufstein. Clearly, Kitzbühel is loyal to Berengar; we must regroup with Linde and her forces!"

Though this event was shocking, Theodoric could not fathom the possibility that Linde had betrayed him, and by extension her father, as such he figured it was the act of the local Baron who took his orders from Berengar.

Explosive shells fired out of 24 lb siege cannons exploded upon impact, the explosive blast and shrapnel tearing apart the bodies of the men affected by it. The men were terrified by such destructive power and rapidly retreated towards the direction of Kufstein. With advanced defenses, a single small star fortress could protect the vicinity of the local towns and villages from invaders quite efficiently. If the Army was willing to suffer more losses, they could have eventually taken the town and potentially even the fortress, but their main goal was to seize Kufstein and ransack it. As such they abandoned the idea to raid Kitzbühel and the surrounding regions, instead, they decided to place their faith in Linde.

After marching for several more hours, the Army, whose morale was greatly shaken by the previous events, arrived in the City of Kufstein, where to their surprise, the entire city was surrounded by such impressive fortifications that were similar to those which had wrought destruction upon their forces at the village they had just fled from. Luckily for them, the cannons did not fire upon sight, convincing Theodoric that his army of 5,000 men was truly welcome in the region. However, as he approached the City's gates, he noticed they remained shut; shortly after. He noticed the distinctive silky strawberry blonde hair of Linde fluttering in the wind on the ramparts above. She was dressed in a black and gold dress in which Berengar had gifted her that looked like it was from the Tudor Era, which had yet to transpire in this world. The sun glistened on Linde's porcelain skin and illuminated her peerless face creating the illusion of a Goddess protecting the city's gates.

Theodoric immediately felt his heart race as he gazed upon the heavenly beauty, and as such, he put on a smile as he requested entry into the city

"My dear Linde, would you please open the gates so that we may enforce your father's rule over this rebellious region?"

However, Linde's reaction to his words confused the old Viscount; she stared at him with a look of pity mixed with disdain, all while her angelic voice resounded in the air, commanding the defenders on the walls to unleash hell.

"Open fire!"

The moment Viscount Theodoric heard those words spoken by the young beauty who he greatly desired, his heart sank into an abyss; in the next second, the thunder of a thousand muskets and dozens of 24 lb siege cannons went off, devastating the army of the 5,000 men. Linde quickly scurried off from the battlefield and allowed the men of the garrison to do their work.

In his last moment, Theodric realized that he had been tricked, that Linde had betrayed her own father and lured him and his men to Kufstein so that the enemy could weaken Count Lothar's forces. He had completely fallen for the trap, and his Liege was entirely unaware of his daughter's betrayal. After realizing this, a musket ball pierced through the Viscount's bascinet and into his skull where it turned his brain into mush before exiting out the other side of the helmet.

With the advancement of the star fortress and the men on the walls protecting it, there was not a single area where the enemy could hide; they were quickly torn apart by musket balls, canister shots, and explosive shells. Their limbs littering the battlefield, alongside the remains of their corpses and the splattered meat paste of those unlucky enough to not leave an intact corpse behind.

Without their commander, the army quickly fell into chaos; some strayed towards the walls hoping they would be out of the firing line, others routed away and were blasted to bits by the cannons. Much like Berengar's defense of Innsbruck, the Siege of Kufstein, if it could even be referred to as such a thing, was quickly turned into a sea of death. There was nowhere for these men to run within the confines of the Viscounty of Kufstein; every village was protected by its own star fortress and a small garrison of men to defend it. To lay siege to the city of Kufstein, one would normally have to go through the path of these fortresses and first clear the way. However, if one were foolish enough to be lured into this trap, then they would have no choice but to fight their way out of the path of these forts.

As such, the men who remained and tried to mount some offense against the city of Kufstein were quickly torn apart by the many muskets which lined the walls. Because the garrisons were not Berengar's field armies, and as such, were not the cream of the crop, it took them longer to load their weapon, and as such, the slaughter was prolonged in comparison to the bloodbath at Innsbruck. As for the souls who had routed back the way which they came, they would face fierce resistance from the many forts along the way, most of which had previously been tolerant to their march into the trap that was set for them.

In the end, not a single soul who had entered Kufstein with the intent to invade was allowed to leave alive. Berengar had left the defense of the homeland up to the garrison commanders, and they did not disappoint the man. With the trap sprung and the enemy army annihilated, a quarter of Lothar's forces had died within Kufstein, a fact he would not become aware of for some time, one which would ultimately prove to be his undoing. For when Count Otto's forces finally made it out of the blizzard and into Vienna, a great battle would unfold, one in which Lothar would now be outnumbered due to the heavy losses he suffered here at Kufstein.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123: Refugee Crisis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the battle was over and the area cleaned up, the gates to the city of Kufstein were once more opened, and as such, refugees from across the German-speaking regions began to arrive in Kufstein in search of a better life. Many of these people did not have the ability to bring anything of value with them; as such, they were merely hoping that they would be welcomed with open arms.

Word of Berengar's political reforms brought a great deal of interest among the common folk towards Kufstein; it had become a paradise in the minds of many who had never stepped foot in its territory. While the conditions they would find themselves in were vastly superior to the lives they had before, no doubt a life of labor awaited them.

While Berengar was off at war, Linde was left behind to act as regent. This was a shocking revelation to the nobles who currently comprised of the House of Lords who had been burdened with the task of ushering in Berengar's vision while he was away. Because Berengar had not found a suitable candidate for Chancellor, which under his system would basically be the man he appointed to act as a sort of Vice-President whose vote would break ties in the House of Lords, and who would act as a temporary leader when Berengar was away, he had appointed the person he trusted most around him as Regent which was of course Linde.

Currently, Linde was sitting in Berengar's office space where she was signing bills into laws; these bills were drafted specifically to handle the incidents with the growing refugees. Though they had previously had an influx of peasants fleeing their masters and entering Kufstein, it now seemed as if the entire world was fighting for a position within the city or the many towns and villages around. Berengar had previously set up a Department of Immigration that handled identity verification and assignment of labor to the newcomers. Currently, Linde was in the act of approved increasing their budget so they could employ more people to handle the ongoing refugee crisis.

Though the city of Kufstein was designed with rapid growth in mind, she could hardly believe the costs incurred in finding appropriate jobs for these migrants and providing education for themselves and their families. Now that she was no longer pregnant, Linde could enjoy a glass of wine or a mug of beer now and then, and as such, she licked her lips as the delectable taste of red wine slid down her throat.

It had been weeks since Berengar first departed for his war, and yet she had already begun to desire his return greatly. While she pondered about when her lover would finally come home, the door to the office opened, and Henrietta was standing in the doorway. Throughout the past six months, her relationship had gradually improved Linde. Though Henrietta would always be on Adela's side, she became accustomed to the idea of having a nephew, and as such, had been spending much time with the infant Hans, which resulted in some degree of amiability to form between herself and Linde.

Considering the Castle had become awfully lonely without Berengar or her Parents around, she could only turn to Linde for socializing. Thus, the little loli approached Linde, who was busy signing documents, and inquired about what she was up to.

"What are you doing?"

Linde sighed heavily as she put down her quill and smiled at Henrietta before answering her question.

"I am managing your brother's affairs for him. With the war, plenty of peasants have come to Kufstein seeking a better life, and as such, I have to expand the department of Immigration and the Department of Education. I also have to put many of them to work in building their own tenements, which of course takes time and money for these unskilled peasants to learn how to handle a job in construction properly."

Henrietta really did not understand half of what Linde was talking about, but she pretended like she knew as she smiled and continued to chat with the woman she once despised.

"Anything else?"

Linde let out a heavy sigh one more and rested her weary head on her fist before complaining about all the work she had to do

"Due to the war, the arms sales have increased rapidly, thus generating sufficient profit, but I also need to expand the garrisons and raise new field armies for Berengar's war efforts. Though 5,250 men may seem like a lot, eventually, there will be losses, and those men need to be replaced Thus I need to delegate a certain sector of the industrial district solely to producing arms and armor for our own forces. I seriously do not know how your brother manages to do this much work every day; it is exhausting!"

As such, Linde pulled out a flagon of wine and poured more of it into her chalice as she took another large sip from the golden cup. She was well aware of the massive army of Teutonic knights that was coming to their borders, and she needed to rally more troops for Berengar so that when he finished his conquest, he could deal with the Church's forces. As such, she had begun a period of conscription where all male residents of Kufstein aged 16-20 were forced into military service for an undesignated period of time. This also applied to all migrants who made their way to Kufstein; as such, the numbers of Berengar's forces were growing rapidly, so much so that the arms factories could not keep up with the demand for the equipment needed to field and train the conscripts.

Linde's problems were temporary; once properly distributed to the regions and educated in the trades necessary for their careers, the Viscounty of Kufstein would gain a significant amount of benefits from this population growth. Luckily they had implemented the four-field system and other agricultural advancements; as such, they had enough to feed the booming population without relying on imports, at least for now. Deciding she needed to take a break, Linde got up from her desk and walked over to Henrietta before suggesting.

"How about we go take a nice hot bath? I'm getting sore from sitting in this seat all day."

Henrietta smiled and nodded while agreeing

"That sounds fun!"

as such, the two girls absconded to the large bathhouse constructed in the Castle, where they swam in a heated body of water the size of a small swimming pool. Linde would return to her mountain of paperwork after she had finished a brief period of relaxation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124: Northern Surrender
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was currently sitting on the seat of power within Innsbruck, kneeling before him were the surviving Lords of Northern Tyrol. Having lost their regents and the overwhelming majority of the forces they could muster in their disastrous attempt to retake Innsbruck, these men were left with little support to defend against Berengar's invasion. Seeing as how these men were in control of the nearest provinces to Berengar's forces stationed at Innsbruck, they knew their days were numbered and that Tyrol would soon fall into the hands of Berengar. These relatively wise men had traveled to Innsbruck to officially surrender the North to Berengar, and by extension Duke Wilmar.

Berengar, who had a smug smile, was resting his face onto his fist while listening to the terms of surrender in which the Lords presented. At the head of the group was an older man with long white hair and a matching beard. He was a Lord who was the sworn vassal of the Baron of Landeck and was the man representing the interests of the dozen or so Northern Lords who had gathered to surrender to Berengar officially. The man kept himself standing with a cane and slowly annunciated his words.

"Viscount Berengar, on behalf of the Lords of Northern Tyrol, we present the terms of our surrender. First and foremost, we will recognize you as the reigning authority of Tyrol until Duke Wilmar has defeated Count Lothar and decides on whether or not his family will remain in power. In return for this, we want you to leave our realms in peace and not bring your war to our doorstep; enough blood has already been shed resisting your rule. "

Berengar nodded his head and smiled gracefully at the elderly man

"I accept this condition, are there any more demands?"

The elderly Lord nodded as he continued to speak the terms that the nobility of the region had come up with to negotiate their surrender.

"As you know, we have suffered sabotage to our food storages during this conflict; as such, we would request aid in regards to the crisis we are now facing in our lands."

Berengar thought for a moment about this, while the harvest this year was exceptional for his territory, it was not to the degree where he could feed the other Viscounties and Baronies, it would be some time before he received such yields, as such, he would be forced to buy the grain at his own expense and transfer it to these Lords. However, if he did not do such a thing, many innocent people would starve to death during the remainder of the winter, and he would be directly responsible for it.

As such, he decided to bite the bullet and pay the expense to supply these regions. After all, he was waging war to gain territory and population to aid his growing ambitions. Losing a large chunk of the population of the lands he would conquer from starvation would greatly hinder his future progress. As such, Berengar nodded and agreed to this condition as well.

"Very well, I will pay for your food stores to be adequately resupplied. Anything else?"

The older man nodded his head and spoke of his last condition.

"If you win this war and successfully put down Count Lothar's rebellion, and the Duke decides to appoint Liutbert as his father's successor, we request that you honor this arrangement and do not act as a usurper! If you are truly waging war for the sake of restoring Duke Wilmar's authority to Tyrol, then you will have no problem accepting this condition!"

This put Berengar in a difficult position if he accepted this request, and he was not rewarded with the County of Tyrol for his efforts; he would have waged this war in vain, but if he denied this condition, then he was essentially making it publically known that he was actually nothing more than a usurper, and that would further embolden the remaining regions of Tyrol to continue to defy him, which would be disastrous as he did not have enough men to lay siege to every city and town in every province of Tyrol. He was relying on a few overwhelming victories at key provinces to force his enemies to the negotiating table. They would be much more likely to do so if they believed Berengar was acting in the interests of Duke Wilmar instead of himself.

Berengar tapped his finger on the armrest of the chair he was seated in several times before coming to a decision. After several moments of near-silence, Berengar finally voiced his decision on this condition.

"I accept... If that is all, then I hereby recognize the surrender of Northern Tyrol."

Seeing Berengar accept the third and final condition made many of the other noblemen smile; truthfully, aside from the Barons, and Viscounts directly under the vassalage of Count Lothar, most of the lesser noblemen who lived in Tyrol were not exactly supportive of Lothar's rebellion and had merely been following orders. With Berengar accepting the final term, they felt that he was sincerely acting as a loyal supporter of the Duke rather than a man who was using the current crisis to usurp the County of Tyrol for his own greed.

As a result of this surrender, Northern Tyrol was temporarily under Berengar's control. He planned to be marching upon Southen Tyrol and Trent shortly in order to capture the remaining territory of the County of Tyrol. For now, Berengar had to think of a way to convince Duke Wilmar to revoke the title of Count of Tyrol from the von Habsburg-Innsbruck dynasty and appoint his own dynasty as the future Counts of Tyrol. Little did he know that when Duke Wilmar finally heard the news that Northern Tyrol had surrendered to Berengar after a little over a month of combat, he would begin to favor Berengar's abilities greatly and would become far more amicable to the idea of making Berengar and the von Kufstein Dynasty the Counts of Tyrol.

For now, Berengar was in the process of resupplying his forces and giving them a much-needed rest; it would be at least a week before he would march upon the South. Luckily for him, Linde had already implemented the process of conscription, and soon enough, he would have reinforcements on the way; it would only take two more months for several thousand more men to finish basic training, by then Berengar would be able to replace his losses, and even gain a significant boost to his armies numbers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125: Adelas Plea
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Adela was currently within her room reading a letter from Berengar; Despite the fact that Berengar was off at war; he made sure to send letters to his women as often as he could, informing them of his massive victories in Tyrol. The teenage girl twirled one of her golden twintails as she lay belly down on her bed with a smile on her face. The news she was reading was excellent; the Northern Lords of Tyrol had all surrendered to Berengar, recognizing him as the current authority in Tyrol, and was providing him with what little support they could manage.

Ever since her older brother Gerhart had made a fool out of himself and invoked their father's ire in his failed attempt to demolish the relationship between Berengar and Adela, the young girl had mostly stayed to herself. Aside from eating meals with the family, she would stay within the confines of her room and repeatedly read the letters Berengar had written to her. She wished she was in Kufstein to provide some aid to the man she loved, but unfortunately, she was in Graz for the time being. Though Vienna was under siege and her father was at war, Graz was in a state of peace, albeit one of vigilance.

Oddly enough, Adela and Linde had been corresponding through a series of letters and had seemingly grown closer. However, there was still a rivalry between the two as they both desired to monopolize Berengar's attention for themselves; despite this rivalry, there was some form of amiability among the two young women as they both discussed their concerns over Berengar's safety and desire to be with him again.

After reading Berengar's latest letter for the third time in the past three days, Adela sighed and voiced her concerns aloud.

"Stay safe, Berengar..."

Afterward, she heard a knock on her door and quickly stashed the letter away underneath her mattress before opening the door. In the doorway was her second brother Heimerich; the teenage boy was dressed in a baby blue doublet with a matching jerkin over it. His entire attire was set up in the fashion sense in which Berengar had introduced across the entirety of Austria, which greatly resembled the Tudor style from his previous life. There was a stern look on the handsome youth's face; his facial features were charmingly robust much like Lambert's. He truly exemplified the archetype of a young Knight. He was seventeen this year and carried an aura of martial authority. Noticing the expression on Heimerich's face, Adela instantly became worried about what might have transpired to force the youth into such a state.

Before Adela could ask what was wrong, Heimerich said in a grave tone

"Come to the Great Hall; I have news about father to report to the family."

Adela knew something must have gone wrong if Heimerich forced her to meet up with her family in the great hall. As such, she quickly put on her slippers and followed her older brother to the Great Hall. When she arrived, she noticed the various expressions on her family's face, especially the anxious look on her mother Wanda's exquisite visage. The only person who did not appear to be worried among her family was Gerhart, who was rather upset that his position of Regent was stripped away from him and given to his little brother. After Heimerich sat down upon the seat of power in Graz, he cleared his throat before making a declaration about the news in which he had received.

"Father is currently on his way to Vienna, he was trapped in a Blizzard within the Bavarian Alps for the past few weeks, which is why he was out of contact, he has lost a fifth of his forces due to attrition, as such he suspects that he will be vastly outnumbered when he tries to take Vienna back from the traitorous Count Lothar. As for the state of Vienna, the Castle has yet to fall, but the city has been completely taken and ravaged by the occupying forces. Father expects heavy resistance and has asked for our prayers..."

Adela's family immediately broke out into fits of prayer as they frantically prayed for the Lord's protection for the head of their household. The only member in the room who was not overly concerned about this news was Adela, this was because she was aware of the destruction of a quarter of Count Lothar's forces at Kufstein. After all, she had already been informed of the events that transpired by Linde. Though her father would have to lay siege to Vienna to defeat Lothar, he would have the advantage in numbers even with his losses from attrition.

War was a dangerous business, and no matter how protected one might seem, anything could happen that might lead to their deaths on the battlefield. Thus the lives of their loved ones who were off fighting in some distant region of Austria were in the hands of the Lord, and they could only pray for his mercy. As a pious girl, Adela joined her family in prayer to the Lord to protect her father, as well as Berengar, as they both continued to fight for their family and nation.

After being informed of her father's situation, Adela realized that she had the ability to aid in her father's siege by asking for support from Kufstein; as such, she returned to her room, where she quickly wrote a letter to Linde informing her of the current situation with Vienna. Due to Berengar's conquest of Tyrol, Adela doubted whether or not he would be able to receive her request for aid before it was too late; as such, she sent the letter to Linde, who she knew was currently acting as Berengar's stand-in within Kufstein.

The letter contained a formal request for material aid to Count Otto's forces to eliminate Count Lothar and his allies at Vienna. Adela knew that Kufstein was in no position to split its armies and attack Lothar where he was at his strongest; however, she also knew that Kufstein's agricultural and industrial sectors were greater than any other region in Austria, and as such, she requested logistical support from Kufstein to her father's siege of Vienna.

Adela was quite worried; though she and Linde were no longer outright enemies, they were not exactly allies either. She was asking the young woman to act on behalf of her romantic rival to capture or eliminate her own father. Though Linde had already greatly betrayed her father and his schemes, those actions were on behalf of Berengar, who she was deeply in love with, whether or not she would provide logistical support to Count Otto and his forces was yet to be determined.

After signing the letter with her signature, Adela quickly handed it off to a messenger who would travel across the Duchy of Austria, where he would hand it off to Linde in Kufstein. Hopefully, the young teenage girl could receive Kufstein's support and greatly enhance her father's chances of victory and, more importantly, survival.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126: Preparing for an Invasion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the moment, Berengar was standing in the Great Hall of Innsbruck surrounded by his Officers; in front of them was a large table with a giant map splayed across it; upon this large map were wooden figures acting as representations of Berengar, his allies, and his enemies. It had been roughly a month since Berengar first began his campaign to conquer Tyrol. After several overwhelming victories, he now found himself controlling roughly a third of the territory in which he had desired to conquer.

Since the beginning of the War, when Berengar first left Kufstein, he had put in place measures to begin conscription, he knew his meager army of a little over 5,000 men was not enough to maintain control of Tyrol in its entirety, and as such had begun a new wave of recruitment designed to adequately train the conscripts in the use of firearms, line tactics, and basic combat maneuvers within a matter of weeks.

Though it was not the Grand Army of Germany that he had envisioned for the future, his current needs required him to make some sacrifices in the training regimen and the equipment in which the conscripts would use. As such, Berengar had tasked the armories to manufacture the 1417 Land Pattern Musket instead of the more advanced 1417/18 Rifled Musket.

At the moment, 5,000 conscripts in the form of infantry were waiting in Innsbruck alongside the veteran forces of Berengar's army. While they waited for their orders Berengar was discussing with his Officers the best path forward into the conquest of Tyrol.

Berengar moved a set of Infantry figures across the map and into the position of Sterzing, Meran, and Schlanders which were the primary hubs of rebellious forces in Southern Tyrol, before announcing his plan for a rapid conquest of his enemies to the men by his side.

"The plan is simple, these three cities are the key centers of resistance to my authority in Tyrol, with the aid of the armies of the Lords who have declared their support for me, we will split our army into three components, I will take Sterzing, Eckhard will lead the forces to Meran, and Arnulf will command the men at Schlanders. In one single swoop, we will bring South Tyrol under our authority before moving onto Trent!"

Eckhard agreed with the plan but also had some concerns; as such, he decided to voice them at the moment.

"What about our position in North Tyrol? How many men will we leave behind to secure our interests?"

Berengar smiled; as always, Eckhard did not lose sight of the big picture, so Berengar made a bold declaration.

"500 men in Innsbruck, and 500 in Schwaz, as for the remaining regions in the North, establish 250 man garrisons to secure the loyalty of the Lords who have pledged their support to me."

Eckhard nodded in agreement; though these were rather large garrisons, they would be able to adequately defend the regions from enemy sieges, especially with their technological superiority. Eckhard's next question was in regards to the artillery Battalion.

"What about the artillery?"

Berengar had already developed a plan regarding the most efficient use of artillery, and thus he explained his plans to Eckhard.

"We will split the battalion into three separate batteries; one will go with each army to ensure that there is sufficient firepower at each siege to bring down the walls of the enemies."

Listening to Berengar's plans, the Officers of his army, largely comprised of the Knights and Nobility from Kufstein, had nodded their heads firmly in agreement. If they continued to act as a single army, it might take them months if not years to bring Tyrol completely under their control, seeing how this campaign was only a smaller part of the Civil War going across Germany at the moment, nobody wanted to spend that much time securing a small region like Tyrol.

Arnulf, who had been listening to Berengar's words, had a single thought on his mind, and as such, voiced his concerns.

"What if Lothar returns from Vienna? It has been well over a month since he first began his siege of Vienna, and he should be close to victory by now."

Berengar shook his head and responded to Arnulf's concerns with the latest information he had received.

"Lothar is busy defending Vienna from Count Otto, whose forces have arrived and begun besieging the city in an attempt to wrest it from Lothar's grasp. He and his armies will not be returning to Tyrol any time soon, and if they do make it out of Vienna alive, their numbers will greatly be reduced."

Hearing this news Arnulf, and many of the other officers felt more relaxed about Berengar's plans. This three-pronged operation was nicknamed Operation Trident and would be a deciding factor in Berengar's victory in the war for Tyrol. As such, Berengar chatted with the officers for some time in great detail about logistics and tactics before finally ending this strategic meeting.

"Gentlemen, if all of your questions have been answered, then you should get some rest for tomorrow at the break of dawn; we will march upon our enemies! God with us!"

Immediately upon shouting that last part, the men all saluted Berengar and shouted the phrase which had become the battle cry of the armies of Kufstein.

"God with us!"

After ending the meeting in such a way, the officers returned to their forces to prepare them for the coming battle. With this, Berengar returned to his temporary quarters, where he sat down on the bed and sighed heavily into the dimly lit room in which he resided alone.

"I need to finish this war quickly so I can return to Kufstein and into the loving arms of Linde..."

After having such a thought, Berengar prepared himself for the night and then went to sleep, thinking not of the violence and brutality that he would soon be enduring, but of his two women, and his infant son. He began to reminisce about the days of the not-so-distant past which were far more peaceful than the ones he currently found himself in. It was hard to believe that he had only been reincarnated into this world less than a year ago.

He had accomplished so much in this small amount of time, especially when compared to his previous life, whereby the time he was 21, he was still at Westpoint achieving absolutely nothing in his life; coming from a relatively poor background, he had spent his entire youth gaining the knowledge and grades necessary to get an academic scholarship so that he could attend a university, ultimately after several life factors Westpoint became his best option, and so he begrudgingly chose to join the military. After graduating, he wasted his life away in the hellhole known as Afghanistan until his final days.

In this life, Berengar was fortunate enough to be reincarnated into Nobility. After getting his first taste of real power and wealth, Berengar had become incredibly ambitious, no longer desiring to simply industrialize Kufstein and retire in wealth and luxury. Now that he had a chance, he wanted to be like the many great men from history he had read about in his past life. Thinking of past, present, and future, Berengar fell asleep with a smile on his face. His conquest had only just begun!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127: An Awkward Family Reunion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The light of dawn shone down onto the burgeoning city of Kufstein; the star-shaped walls that protected the city and its inhabitants were split down the middle as the river Inn flowed through the center of the City. A large castle rose above the many tenements constructed in the half-timber style commonly found in the German-speaking regions. Though Berengar had plans to move into a more modern palace, at the moment, the Castel in Kufstein acted as the main residence for Berengar and his family.

Within the Dining room, Linde sat at the head of the table at the left side, which was the spot reserved for the Viscountess; of course, at the moment, there was no Viscountess of Kufstein since Berengar was unmarried, albeit engaged to Adela. However, since Berengar's parents abdicated and retired to the countryside, Berengar had allowed Linde to use the seat. Today was a rare occasion for the Castle in Kufstein, for it held a rather lively gathering. Just this morning, her siblings arrived from Innsbruck, in which they had been transported to Kufstein under the guise of "Berengar's protection" in reality, they were under house arrest, and Linde was watching over them.

Aside from Linde and her siblings, Henrietta sat at the table and was greatly uncomfortable with the whole situation. Liutbert was sitting in the spot Berengar used to sit at before his reign, which was closest to the seat reserved for the Viscount, which was currently vacant. He could not help himself from staring at Linde with confusion. This was not the sister he had grown up with; there was no coldness nor contempt in her eyes for everything around her. Instead, she wore a gentle smile and gazed upon her family with genuine fondness. It had been many months since she last saw her siblings, and though Linde's relationship with her father was strained, to say the least, she was willing to try to get closer to her siblings.

Eventually, Liutbert had to express his doubts over Linde's shift in character.

"Who are you, and what have you done with my sister?"

In the past, such a rude comment would have sent Linde into a fury, but now she merely laughed it off, as she recognized that her personality had changed greatly in the last year. Instead, she replied to Liutbert by asking about his meal.

"How are you enjoying your meal, Liutbert? Surely the breakfast here in Kufstein is better than anything you have ever had in Innsbruck!"

Liutbert fell for the sleight of hand and quickly took a bite out of the breakfast sandwich the kitchen staff had prepared before responding to his little sister.

"It is excellent; I did not know such fine cuisine existed!"

Linde chuckled at his remark and taunted him for his inexperience with Kufstein's culinary arts.

"If you think this is good, wait until you have had dinner! You will never want to leave this place."

As Liutbert and Linde discussed the meal Adelheid was glaring at Linde, she could not believe the changes in her precious big sister's personality over the past year. It was too dramatic, just what sorcery had Berengar cast to make her once proud and domineering big sister transform into such a sorry state. However, she did not wish to make a scene and, as such, kept her thoughts to herself.

Eventually, Linde's little brother Herman interrupted the ongoing conversation and steered it into deep waters; he was scowling at his two older siblings and scolded his big sister, who he had once looked up to, for her lack of loyalty to the family.

"I can not believe you betrayed our father! All for that traitor Berengar, who as we speak is currently ravaging our family's lands in an attempt to steal away father's rightful title!"

Herman was roughly the age of Adela; he had just entered his teenage years and was filled with intense rage every time he thought about his older brother's surrender at Innsbruck and his older sister's outright betrayal. After all, Linde not only slept with the traitor Berengar but had actively plotted against their family in support of Berengar's ambitions; to him, his sister's actions were completely unforgivable.

Linde glared menacingly at Herman; the boy clearly did not understand how wrathful Berengar could be; luckily for him and his siblings, they were all allowed to live peacefully in Kufstein under house arrest, where they could dine on the greatest food and live in absolute luxury while the war waged on.

Seeing his elder sister's fury, which he was all too familiar with, a cold sweat broke out on Herman's forehead as he shivered at the thought of what Linde might do to him for speaking ill of her lover. He immediately shifted his glance back to the plate where he ate the omelet in front of him. Linde, however, would not let such an accusation slide by, and as such, she addressed Herman's statement.

"Why would I ever support father and his damned obsession with becoming Duke? Since when had father ever paid the slightest bit of attention to us kids! Our entire lives, he has neglected us to pursue his dreams of being Duke of Austria, all because he has an inferiority complex about being part of the branch family and not the main Habsburg line. If you ask me, he deserves to lose his head for his treasonous actions. Berengar is not a traitor. Instead, he is the only one of Father's major vassals who has enough of a conscience to act against father's illegitimate rebellion!"

Though Linde's words were harsh, they were also true, at least regarding the parts about her father. Count Lothar considered all of his children as disposable pawns whose sole purpose was to advance his ambitions. He was never much of a fatherly figure to his children, which is one of the reasons why Linde had turned out so poorly before she met Berengar. Though Linde was spoiled growing up, it was only a way for Lothar to coerce her into acting in his treasonous plots. The reason Count Lothar was so enraged about Berengar and Linde's affair was twofold firstly the man saw Berengar as nothing more than low nobility unworthy of mixing with his family's prestigious blood. Secondly, Berengar had not only taken his daughter's chastity but also impregnated her, thus taking away the ability to make a powerful political alliance through marriage.

Though Herman wanted to defend his father's actions, he really could not find the words to do so. Instead, he sat in silence like a child who his mother had just caught with his hand in the cookie jar. There was a rift between Linde's family at the moment; this was due to the results of her actions and that of their fathers. As such, they continued the remainder of their meal in silence; this little family reunion turned out to be more awkward than any of them had realized. While Berengar was off at war, Linde was now tasked with not only looking after the affairs of the realm but also keeping a watchful eye on her family, ultimately the only member of her family who was completely on her side as her little half-sister Adelheid.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128: Blood in the Snow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the moment Berengar and his army were crossing into the Southern portion of Tyrol, his armies had recently split and headed in separate directions, and he was now in command of a force numbering roughly 5,000 men in total, half of which were his own forces. The other half of the army comprised levies from the southern Lordships, which supported Berengar's campaign to put down Lothar's rebellion and re-capture Tyrol from the traitorous lords who openly defied the authority of Duke Wilmar.

Unlike Berengar's army, which was filled with the most veteran members of his infantry and cavalry units. The peasant levies were poorly equipped, and many of them had never seen a battle in their lives. At most, they would act as cannon fodder for Berengar's forces; their role would be to soak up the enemy's missile fire while his troops gunned down the hostiles. At the moment, it was late in the morning but not quite yet noon, the wind was still, and all that could be heard were the sounds of thousands of feet marching to the beat of the drums as the infantrymen sang another one of Berengar's marching songs.

After crossing through the frosty crags of the alps, Berengar's forces finally found themselves in a position overlooking the city of Sterzing in the distance. However, to their surprise, they also saw an army marching towards them. It would appear that the enemy had opted to sally forth into the field in an attempt to intercept Berengar's forces and eliminate them before they entered the boundaries of the city. As such, Berengar shouted for his troops to hear.

"Form ranks!"

His commands were passed onto the Officers and the NCOs before finally reaching the enlisted personnel. With this command, the veteran forces of Berengar's army formed lines and began to load their weapons. The artillery battery also began to take an elevated position above the field below where the enemy army was marching. The cavalry did their jobs and took positions on the flanks, where they would soon be rushing the enemy army. There was no cavalry to speak of in the enemy's forces; in fact, much like everywhere else in Tyrol at the moment, the professional forces were all gathered with Lothar in Vienna, leaving behind small garrisons and large groups of levies to defend their homes.

There were a few noblemen and knights, but they quickly dismounted from their horses the moment they saw the overwhelming number of cavalry Berengar had brought with them. As such, the Cuirassiers of Berengars ranks slowly began to trod off at the enemy position while his infantry prepared their muskets. The levies at the moment were used to protect the flanks of Berengar's line infantry. With this formation rapidly assembled Berengars forces began to march slowly and uniformly towards the enemy army, the cavalry already beginning their charge.

As the cavalry charged towards the enemy, the thunder of the 12 lb cannons resounded in the distance as explosive shells were launched upon the enemy forces. The explosive blast and the shrapnel from the shells battered the enemy forces. Quickly turning the lightly armored levies into chunks of flesh and meat paste. Limbs were scattered, heads rolled, and blood stained the snow below. However, there was only one battery able to fire upon the enemy. As such, the numbers of the enemy forces who were affected by the barrage were significantly less than in Berengar's previous battles.

Berengar was naturally at the head of the cavalry and quickly pulled both of his pistols from Erwin's saddle; it was already loaded and prepared to fire; all that needed to be done was cocking the flintlock action, which Berengar and his Cuirassiers did in unison. The enemy had a few archers with them and began to fire on the steel-clad horses of Berengar's cuirassiers, at this period in history, barding was still an effective way to protect your horse, and as such, Berengar had spent a great sum of money armoring the horses of his cavalry, after all, they cost him a fortune to purchase, it would be a shame if they died so easily on the battlefield.

The arrows loosed upon his cavalry as a large volley fell from the sky as if they were raindrops, yet to the dismay of the enemy's forces, the arrows failed to gravely injure neither the horses nor the cuirassiers. Instead, the three-quarter's plate armor and the steel plate barding covered the majority of the cavalry's body, deflected the bolts as if a padded arrow was hitting them. If anything a few arrows found their way into the gaps in the armor, but these were not vital areas, and as such did little more than inflict pain upon the riders and their horses.

As such, the enemy levies quickly raised their spears, anticipating a clash from the heavily armored Cavalry forces, however before such a situation could occur, the horses strafed out of the direction of the spear walls and galloped to the side. While the horses maneuvered in this way, the hundreds of Cuirassiers pulled on the triggers of their two pistols and aimed down the enemy at point-blank range.

As the hundreds of pistols went off, they quickly cut through what meager defenses the levies were equipped with and shredded the bodies of the men who made contact with the lead balls. Blood-curdling screams filled the air as the blood of the levies splashed upon their comrades. After firing their shots, the cuirassiers quickly stowed away their pistols and unsheathed their heavy cavalry swords as they rerouted their horses into a full-scale charge.

By now, the enemy ranks, which was comprised of mostly greenhorn levies, were filled with terror and dread as they were pushed forward by the somewhat more veteran forces behind them into the meat grinder. They could not help but think to themselves that the weapons in which Berengar and his army wielded were some form of vile sorcery gained by consorting with the devil's minions. These were an uneducated and superstitious bunch, and the propaganda the Church put out about Berengar filled their fearful minds as they walked ever closer to the enemy formations.

When the musketeers finally got within firing range, they formed a proper firing squad with the first column kneeling and the second holding their rifles above the heads of their kneeling comrades. The Officers gave the orders to fire, which resulted in over a thousand lead projectiles flying down range and into the bodies of the levies advancing upon them.

With a single volley, the hostile peasant levies were quickly overwhelmed by Berengar's technological superiority, many of which had begun to break ranks and flee back to the city. As for the brave souls who remained and continued to fight Berengar's forces, they were quickly cut down by another volley of fire before even reaching their enemies.

Unlike previous battles, Berengar did not immediately give chase. Instead, he raised his fists and gave the opposite order.

"Halt!"

With that, his forces came to a sudden stop. The levies of Berengar's forces were thanking god that their lords were wise enough to join forces with Berengar, for if it were them who had marched upon such an army, they too would be lying dead in the snow. After gazing upon the violent remains of the battlefield, Berengar noticed a sea of corpses whose blood had drained out onto the snow below. The grim sight had left those uninitiated among Berengar's ranks feeling sick to their stomachs.

After standing in the cold gazing upon the grizzly scene, one of the Lords who had backed Berengar finally snapped out of his daze, the scenes of the battle that had just been waged consumed his sense of reason for quite some time. Now that his mind had returned to him, he asked Berengar about the routing enemies.

"Should we not pursue them?"

Berengar merely shook his head and pointed his blood-stained sword at the piles of hundreds of corpses that lay scattered across the frost-covered ground before speaking the thoughts on his mind. A wicked grin was on his face as he revealed the details of his plan.

"They have already paid a great price for rebelling against us; when the survivors return to the city and inform the garrison of what they have witnessed here today, how do you think that will affect the morale of the defenders? When we finally lay siege to this city and unleash the power of our guns upon it, do you think they will still have the will to fight?"

With that said, the lords who had backed Berengar instantly thought what would have happened to them if they had chosen to stand with Lothar against Berengar, and they shivered at the chilling thought. Surely their cities would be next. Luckily for them, they had chosen to back the right horse.

Without allowing the lords time to respond to his remarks, Berengar raised his sword in the air and commanded the army behind him.

"I want a siege camp built before sundown! Forward March!"

With that, the army that had suffered few casualties in this battle began to march upon the City of Sterzing, where they would lay siege to it for the next few days. Though Berengar had no way of knowing how his other two armies were faring, he had a feeling that they were in a similar position to him right now. As such, he smiled as he rode on horseback into the vicinity of the City of Sterzing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129: Establishing Camp at Sterzing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar sat atop his trusty steed Erwin, the muscular black destrier gallantly trodded at the front of the Army in which Berengar was currently leading. Aside from the thousands of infantry he had at his back, the man also led a few thousand levies raised from the Lords and Regents of the portion of Southern Tyrol in which supported Berengar and his campaign. Beside him were the commanders of these mostly levy-based units; they were clad in knightly armor in the design fitting for the time period.

This army was one of three which had begun to march on three critical regions, which acted as the centers of rebellion against Duke Wilmar within the region of Tyrol. By laying siege to these areas, Berengar would effectively bring Southern Tyrol under his control in one fell swoop. As such, Berengar smiled as the men in his army sang along to the marching song Erika from his previous life; it had become one of the favorites of the men in his army.

The levies and noblemen who were marching aside Berengar and his army were quite confused about the chipper nature of Berengar's soldiers. The veterans of Berengar's army knew that thus far casualties had been low among their forces, and now they had a bunch of levies to soak up the enemy's arrows and bolts. Thus they were in a perfect mood; as for the conscripts who recently joined the army, they were following their seniors' lead.

Before long, Berengar's forces had arrived at the city of Sterzing and once more made camp outside of the enemy's range of fire but well within their own. Though he only had three cannons in this army, as he had split up the battalion among the three armies, if concentrated on one wall, it would be more than enough to open a gap for his forces to charge through.

The cannoneers, who at this point were well accustomed to laying siege, had quickly set up the guns behind some defensive barriers and began to fire off at the city's walls. When the thunder of the guns echoed into the evening sky, the many levies became frightened, not knowing how to react to such a thing. Seeing the distraught expressions on the faces of the levies, the veterans and conscripts of Berengar's army all began to laugh at the men and the pathetic looks on their faces.

If these levies looked like they were about to shit bricks, they could only imagine the faces of the enemies currently bombarded with explosive shells. Berengar decided to take a moment to comment on the situation.

"Is there anything more beautiful than the echo of an artillery battery and the smell of gunpowder amid a cold winter's sunset?"

He was speaking to his officers and the lords who had gathered to support him. If Eckhard were here at the moment, he would probably sigh and think to himself that Berengar was enjoying himself a little too much in this campaign of his. As for the other officers under Berengar's command, they all gazed off into the sunset much like Berengar had and took a moment to listen to the thunder of guns and the screams of the bombarded among the beautiful scenery.

One of his officers spoke up to Berengar and his twisted idea of beauty

"My Lord... I think you should lie down; you are clearly unwell..."

Berengar merely chuckled at the man's comments and smiled as he inhaled deeply, enjoying the scene before his eyes. After snapping back to reality after several moments, Berengar gave the officers their orders.

"Well, what are you all standing around and waiting for? Make sure the camp is properly established, and the sentries are set to schedule!" We don't want a repeat of what happened in Schwaz, do we?"

Fearing the backlash of their Lord and Commander, the officers quickly got to task assembling the siege camp. Under the sunset, thousands of black and gold tents were quickly set up, with a series of trenches supported by sandbags and barbed wire established around the perimeter. Guard towers were on all sides to keep a watchful eye on the potential arrival of enemies.

Berengar had failed to use a trench system outside of Schwaz, which was a mistake on his part. By digging a semi-modern trench system around the encampment, he was capable of providing a vastly superior line of defense against oncoming attackers, which could fully make use of the several hundred rifled muskets in his army and their range advantage.

As the sun faded away and the moon replaced it in the sky above, Berengar decided to take the first watch. Thus he grabbed ahold of a musket, loaded it, and climbed into the trench system where several sentries were keeping watch. Seeing their Lord and Commander jump in the hole with them, these new conscripts were quite shocked. They× expected Berengar to be in some large tent, with a fire going and maybe even a woman by his side. Yet here he was, taking up the first watch in the trenches alongside them.

Berengar gazed into the distance as he looked upon the city's walls, which were under a near-constant bombardment. It would take a few days for the walls to come down, and when they did, resistance in the South would come to a swift end as long as the other sieges were also successful. Though with his tactics, and the enemy's lack of understanding towards them, he did not fear defeat in this war.

It would be quite sometime before the other European powers would begin fielding firearms en masse. However, his victory in this war would certainly spark the development of such sophisticated weapons. Due to Berengar's influence on this timeline's events, the matchlock would come into existence far earlier than it had in his past life.

When it did, Berengar would finally be facing some stiffer resistance from his opponents, but for now, the advantages that firearms presented were too great for his enemies to overcome. Military historians would study Berengar's campaign in Tyrol for generations to come. This war in which Berengar fought would symbolize the end of an era, as soon the entire world realized that the age of knights and chivalry had long passed. The era of steel and shot had just begun!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130: Right of Conquest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar spent the first shift of the night on watch, protecting the barriers of the camp as a sentry within the trenches. The use of a trench line supported by sandbags and barbed wire was an invention that would normally not exist until the late 19th century. However, with his past life's memory as a combat engineer, Berengar developed such a defensive system with ease.

Barbed wire had been used extensively in his fields to keep cattle and other domesticated livestock within the boundaries of the grazing land allotted to them. However, after the ambush on his previous encampment in Schwaz, Berengar quickly learned to utilize trench tactics. When he was resupplying in Innsbruck, he ordered a barbed wire shipment to his army.

The sappers in his army spent some time constructing such complex fortifications. Still, in the end, the encampment was so well defended that the likelihood they would suffer significant casualties from an enemy ambush was extremely low. Luckily for them, after seeing the odd defenses of the camp, the enemy did not bother to send a force to test it; it was already terrifying enough to suffer the explosive bombardment of the 12 lb cannons.

After staying on the watch for the first shift, Berengar returned to his tent and slept until the dawn, where he was among the first of his troops to awaken in the morning. Though he did not have access to coffee at the moment, he fully intended to establish a trade with the Byzantine empire in exchange for coffee when his territory grew to a significant enough degree that he could trade with Empire to the East with ease.

As for now, Berengar and his troops primarily relied on their own natural ability to awaken and stay awake. When the morning came, the armies gathered in the trenches, and those with the 1417/18 Rifled Muskets fired off shots at the defenders on the wall with a fair degree of competency. Though not every shot claimed the defenders' lives, enough of them hit their mark to permanently scare the garrison of Sterzing to keep their heads down.

While his troops utilized their advanced weapons to intimidate the enemy forces, Berengar was in discussion with his officers over his plans for the ongoing war effort. Like normal, Berengar drank from a pitcher of light beer as he continued his discussion about the operation to his officers and the Lords in command of the many units of levies that comprised their ranks.

"It will take another day or two before the wall comes down; as such, we will continue to bombard it regularly; when the wall finally crumbles, we will send the levies into the fray while the line infantry will be kept behind and fire upon the defenders on the wall. The Cavalry will stay and protect the encampment until a time arises where the enemy has been pushed back."

Though the lords who had shown their support to Berengar were perturbed by the fact that their levies would be used to storm the gap, they could not very well decline. As for Berengar's officers, they were more concerned about the success of Operation Trident as a whole, and as such, one of them voiced their concerns.

"What about Eckhard and Arnulf's armies? How are they faring?"

Berengar slid the wooden pieces which represented the allied forces into position outside of the city walls of Schlanders and Meran and addressed the Officer's question.

"I have recently received notice that Arnulf and Eckhard's armies have begun to lay siege to the rebellious cities. Within a week, the majority of the resistance in the South will come to an end, and we will be able to march on the Prince-Bisophric of Trent, thus ending the rebellion within Tyrol once and for all!"

The push into Trent would require the unification of his three armies. With his ambitions to conquer the region, Berengar was taking advantage of the rebellion in Tyrol to seize the land in its entirety, even what would be considered Italian regions in the 21st century. Trent was not technically part of the County of Tyrol; they were, in fact, an independent Prince-Bishopric and recognized as Church territory.

Due to the conflicts between Berengar and the Chruch, Berengar had fully intended to conquer the region and incorporate it into his territory. Especially since the Bishop of Trent had openly declared his support for the Tyrolean rebels, simply out of spite for Berengar. By doing so, the Church had given Berengar an excuse to invade The Prince-Bishopric of Trent and thus unite the entirety of Tyrol under his authority; since Berengar was given this opportunity, he did not intend to waste it.

His plans to march on Trent did not sit well with the other Lords who considered it an unlawful annexation of ecclesiastical territory. One of the Lords even spoke his mind on the matter, which visibly upset Berengar.

"You intend to march on an ecclesiastical principality? Under what grounds do you dare to usurp the territory of the Church?"

Berengar stared coldly at the old and pious noblemen who had sided with Berengar out of support of Duke Wilmar, despite his religious objections to the heretic known by the church as Berengar the Accursed. The look in Berengar's eyes displayed his murderous intent; rather than justify his actions through the legal jargon, Berengar took a more daring approach.

"The Church has already declared war upon me! Therefore Trent will be mine by right of conquest! Since I have the might to seize their territory, I will do so, and if the Bishop of Trent has any complaints, he can say it directly to my face before I have him placed in front of a firing squad!"

The fact that the Church had sent the Teutonic Order on a mission to invade Berengar's lands and usurp his authority was already considered a declaration of war by the young Viscount's standards; as such, he did not fear invading their nearby lands and capturing them for himself.

As for the allied Lords, they could tell by the look in Berengar's eyes that he was entirely serious about conquering Trent and that he would not be persuaded otherwise. Though they disagreed with his actions, they were far too frightened by the weapons his army possessed. Thus they were intimidated into backing down and following orders; though they secretly prayed that they would not be excommunicated for following Berengar's orders.

After concluding his thoughts and informing his Officers of how to proceed, Berengar dismissed the men and allowed them to spend their free time as they wished. There was not much to do outside of maintaining order and waiting for the wall to crumble down. Thus Berengar used this time to write to Linde and Adela. Informing him of his progress and that his war would swiftly come to an end.

As the cannons roared and the muskets echoed throughout the day, Berengar found himself in a tranquil mood, soon enough, the walls would come crumbling down, and his forces would invade the city. By then, the defenders would either surrender the castle to him in fear of retribution, or a massacre would unfold. Either way, Berengar would be happy with the results. As for Eckhard and Arnulf, their armies were similar in laying siege to the enemy while staying in their camps. While the war in Tyrol progressed rapidly, the remainder of the conflicts in the German regions were bogged down in long sieges and bloody field battles.

Only Berengar and his use of superior technology and tactics could so quickly win a war. As for the rest of Germany, Berengar reckoned it would be years before the conflict was over, and he fully intended to spend a fair portion of his time securing his power and advancing his new territory once he officially conquered Tyrol and established himself as a legitimate Count.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131: Trapped within Vienna
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar and his armies were at war in Southern Tyrol, Count Lothar was surrounded by his enemies. At the moment Lothar and his armies were sandwiched in between Count Otto's forces who besieged the city, and the Castle's garrison who valiantly continued to defend the Castle's walls against Lothar's onslaught.

Worse yet, right before he was trapped within the confines of the city, he was informed that his army that was sent to Kufstein had been completely obliterated. Though, he did not know the extent to which Berengar had put down his rebellion within his home territory, for if he did, the man would truly lose all hope of survival.

As such, Count Lothar was currently surrounded by his vassals who had traveled with him to Vienna, where they were engaged in a discussion about how to move forward. They were not in a good position; Count Otto's armies though depleted by attrition, still greatly outnumbered his own forces now that they had lost a quarter of their army in Kufstein and had been fighting a siege for over a month.

As the Noblemen spoke about their situation, blood-curdling screams erupted from the walls, as the defenders continued to die by the dozens defending their position within the city, thus adding a great degree of intimidation to the hearts of the noblemen who had followed their liege seemingly into the gates of hell itself. One such nobleman was addressing the gathering of Lords as he voiced his opinions about their options.

"It has become increasingly clear that there are only two options, stay within the city and continue to lay siege to the Castle while simultaneously protecting the city walls! If we can succeed, we can use the Duke's family as hostages to negotiate Otto's surrender! The only other option is to sally forth in a desperate attempt to break through the besieging forces and make our way back to Tyrol, where we can hold our ground against the Duke's forces when he returns from his conquest of Bavaria!"

After saying this, the gathering erupted into chaos as two factions were formed those who supported staying in Vienna and fighting for what they had worked so hard to achieve, and those who wanted to return to Tyrol and resist Wilmar's rule as they conserved their strength. Of course, those who wanted to return to Tyrol had no way of knowing that by the time they arrived, it would be in Berengar's hands, and key cities would be staffed with large garrisons of men, with their walls armed with cannons.

Count Lothar was entirely unwilling to give up on Vienna; he knew in his heart that if they fought their way out of this mess and returned to Innsbruck to lick their wounds, they will have lost the war, they might be able to survive for a few years in a desperate struggle against the Duke's forces, but in the end, they would be brought to ruin. Their families would pay the price for their defiance.

Eventually, the Count raised his hand to silence his Lords, and only after their arguments had completely ceased did he voice his decision.

"I will not concede defeat! I will not retire to Tyrol and live out the rest of my days fighting a defensive war against the Duke and his Armies! We will take Vienna, or we will die trying! If we abandon our siege, only death and destruction await our households. Tell the men at the city wall to defend it with their lives, as for the siege of the Castle, double our efforts. We must not fail!"

When Lothar announced his decision, a variety of expressions appeared on the faces of the Vassals loyal to him; some of them were beginning to regret their decision to back his efforts to claim the Duchy of Austria for himself. Many of them wondered how Berengar was faring in his reconquest of Tyrol; if he had managed to take Innsbruck during this time, then there was no point to continue this war any further.

Ultimately every Lord who was present for the siege agreed with Lothar; they would remain trapped in the city until a point where the enemy forces were exhausted, or until they had taken the Castle, where they would then use the Duke's family as hostages to enforce their demands. It was a risky option, but Lothar was right; if they returned to Tyrol and ended their campaign, ultimately, only death would await them and their families.

As such, the siege of Vienna continued, with Lothar's armies trapped between enemy forces, fighting a two-front battle. With the arrival of Otto's forces, the Castle's defenders became emboldened, and their collapsing morale had been restored to its peak. If they could hold out just a little longer, Lothar's army would collapse, and they would be saved. For now, it was a battle of will to see who's lines would break first.

As such, Gautbehrt, the son and heir of Duke Wilmar, gazed from the ramparts above down onto the city below with a smile on his face. Soon enough, this battle would come to an end, and at the moment, it was heavily in his favor. The young Regent wished he could see the look on Lothar's face when he realized he was trapped within the city, with no way out.

Just now, he noticed the increase in the intensity of the siege of his family's castle and therefore began sliding his visor down to protect his face from the oncoming missile fire. The young man shook his head as he voiced his thoughts aloud.

"It appears that Count Lothar has realized he is running out of time!"

As such, Gautbehrt unsheathed his sword and raised it in the air as he shouted to the defenders with a heroic speech of defense.

"Men, you have all worked hard this past month to ensure the Castle of your liege, the rightful Duke of Austria, and his family remain unharmed. Over the course of the next few days, Lothar will throw everything he has at us, but we can not allow this Castle to fall! For if the Castle falls, the suffering of the citizens of this city will be in vain! Hold the line! Hold the line as if your very soul depended upon it!"

With these words spoken, the defenders rallied behind the Commander of their forces. They screamed into the air, allowing all of the anxiety and misery they had endured over the last month to escape from the confines of their hearts. With this speech, a new sense of zealotry was formed among the defenders, which would hopefully allow them to endure through the hardship that would follow and successfully defend their position until Count Lothar's forces were broken by Otto's. With these events, the Siege of Vienna had reached its climax and would soon be coming to an end; who won the battle was solely determined by the Castle's garrison and their will to continue defending its mighty stone walls.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132: The Counts Heir Submits
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was engaging in Operation Trident, and Otto was laying siege to Vienna to liberate its population from Lothar's tyranny. Linde was resting in Kufstein presiding over Berengar's reforms. Through the conquest of Schwaz and Innsbruck, she had begun incorporating it into Kufstein's jurisdiction, and though she did not allow for conscription of the people in the region yet. Infrastructure projects and agricultural overhauls were underway; the sooner she got them under construction, the sooner the profits would show themself.

The people of Kufstein enjoyed their lives during this time of chaos as they were well insulated from the violence and the bloodshed that was appearing across the German world at this time. However, many young men decided to fulfill their patriotic duty and volunteered for military service. Of course, the volunteers were only a small percentage of the troops being raised to not only aid in Berengar's campaign but ensure the defense and stability of the entirety of Tyrol, which Berengar would soon conquer. As such, thousands of young men were currently undergoing basic training, where they would then enter specialized training in the field they were most suited for.

After receiving the first batch of conscripts in Innsbruck, Berengar instructed Linde to continue specialized training. With infantry being the main focus, followed by artillery, and then the Cavalry. Berengar currently had an entire Cavalry Battalion under his command and because the unit had suffered limited casualties during the war; it was more than enough to deter the cavalry forces of any potential army that he would come across for the time being.

At the moment, the newest batch of recruits had begun their basic training and were going through basic PT to get them into fighting shape quickly. Pushups, Sit-ups, Pull-ups, runs, etc., became a daily exercise for the men who had been forced into service. Basic marches and formations were also drilled into their heads. They also practiced how to operate their weapons efficiently, as a set of drills were created to quickly instill the loading procedure of the muskets into the muscle memory of the men who wielded them.

As such, the Military bases used to house and train recruits were overflowing with thousands of young men who had just entered the armed forces. Some of them had been here for weeks and would soon ship out to their stations across Tyrol, whether that was in the form of a field army or acting as a garrison.

As for the Officers, the surviving knights and noblemen of the captured regions were incorporated into Berengar's army and were effectively trained to fulfill the position of his Officer Class. Seeing as how they went from being Lords and Knights to Officers, there was an initial degree of defiance by the Cadets. Still, when they came to realize how effectively organized Berengar's semi-modern army was, they quickly changed their tune.

There was a degree of civility and respect afforded to Officers much like that of a Knight or Noblemen, and as such, they quickly found themselves at home within the Officer Class. Granted, it was a meritocratic force, and they would not be afforded the position due to their birth; they would still have to graduate from the so-called "Military Academy" and climbed through the ranks through a display of competency. Yet, at the moment, there were few if any commoners among the Officer class, so for the time being it had essentially been turned into a position held by the nobility within Berengar's military hierarchy. After all, few commoners were educated enough to lead soldiers into battle properly.

While the conscripts continued their training, Linde was reading the news she had received from Adela about their fathers' battle in Vienna. The likelihood of her father surviving the siege was slim, but there was a chance the weasel could escape and return to Innsbruck. While she was reading the letter in Berengar's office, the door opened to reveal her brother Liutbert who she had not seen since the awkward family reunion they had a few days prior. After appearing in her office, Liutbert noticed the look on his little Sister's face and began to question what she was reading.

"Is the letter important?"

After realizing that she had been smiling wickedly, Linde placed down the letter for Liutbert to read.

"Father is trapped in Vienna, and Berengar has begun to lay siege to the key centers of resistance within Southern Tyrol. It is only a matter of time Before Father loses the war; I suggest you find out where your loyalties lie before it is over. After all, Berengar is ruthless when it comes to dealing with his enemies..."

Seeing the letters Linde had provided Liutbert, which contained great intelligence about the ongoing war efforts, Liutbert could not comprehend why Linde would allow him to see such valuable information and voiced his concerns aloud.

"Why did you allow me to read this?"

Linde merely laughed lightly at his question and rested her beautiful face onto the palm of her hand while stared at Liutbert with a gaze filled with familial affection.

"Because you are my brother Liutbert, and I do not want to see you end up like father. So I am giving you the option to make an informed choice. Either bend the knee to Berengar and recognize him as the Count of Tyrol by Right of Conquest. Or support Father, and side with his failing rebellion, though if you publically voice your support for father, when he finally loses, you will be sure to suffer as a traitor. "

Thus an important decision was thrust upon Liutbert; he could either show his loyalty to his father, condemn Berengar as a heretic and traitor, and reject his claims to the County of Tyrol, which by the looks of it will not end well for him. Or he could submit to Berengar's authority and throw away his family's position as Counts. Before he made his choice, Liutbert had one final question to ask Linde about her lover's plans for the future.

"If I do as you ask, what becomes the position of our family?"

Linde stretched her back into the soft leather chair and grinned with a comfortable smile as she informed Liutbert of Berengar's decision.

"We will obviously lose status as Counts for a while, but Berengar's ambitions don't lie at simply being a count, nor does he wish to be a Duke as our father desires. When Berengar finally unites the German Speaking regions into a single cohesive Empire, he will need talented and loyal men to fill the positions in his government. At the moment, his political reforms are in a stage of infancy, but I will let you in on a little secret. It will not matter which noble title you have in the coming years, at least not as much as it does now. By gaining the favor of the future Emperor and proving yourself as a competent and loyal subject, that is how you will gain political and economic power in the future."

When Liutbert heard the height of Berengar's ambitions from his sister's mouth, he could hardly believe it. Still, he could hardly consider himself a skeptic when thinking about how quickly Tyrol has fallen into Berengar's hands. If the man could seize Tyrol with an army in the thousands, what could he do with an army in the tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands? So long as Berengar managed to keep himself alive and in power, he could accomplish his vision.

Thinking about the position he stood and that of his family, excluding their rebellious father, Liutbert sighed heavily and nodded his head as he decided the important crossroads he had found himself in.

"Alright, I will support Berengar in any way you need me to. From the intelligence you have shown to me, Father is doomed to fail in his war, and Tyrol will soon fall into Berengar's hands. It will be doubtful for the Duke to trust the governance of Tyrol to our family after Father's actions, so I hereby submit to Berengar's authority..."

Linde smiled devilishly as she heard her brother relent, and she rose from her seat to pat the young man on his back.

"You have chosen well, brother."

with this, Berengar's ascension to Count of Tyrol could no longer be argued if the heir to Lothar was willing to relinquish his claim in favor of Berengar. Unknowingly Berengar had gained a valuable ally in his future wars; after all, Liutbert was a wise and intelligent young man. One who would prove instrumental to Berengar's future gains.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133: Storming the Gap
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was late into the fourth morning of the siege of Sterzing when the wall finally came crumbling down to the ground, yet unlike previous sieges where the musketeers would rush into the fray and open fire on the enemy before running them down with their bayonets in a great melee. The rifled musketeers fired their shots from the safety of the trenches, continuing to engage the defending archers who stood on the ramparts. As for the force that rushed the now giant gap in the wall, it was the levies. Poorly trained and equipped but fearful of the musketeers behind their ranks, the levies boldly charged the enemy garrison under the protective fire of the rifled musketeers from afar. As for the many more smoothbore musketeers, they continued to hold their position until it was time for them to advance.

Bodies fell from the ramparts as the archers revealed themselves to fire upon those who penetrated the now giant hole within the wall. Spears were thrust into the torsos of the levies from both sides. It was a levy vs. levy fight at the moment, as very few men at arms were left behind in Tyrol. Blood spilled across the floor, and bodies soon filled up the gap. Without using firearms to break the line of defense, it quickly turned into a stalemate as the enemy defenders plugged the hole funneling the levies in a few at a time.

When Berengar saw the stalemate begin to transpire, he raised a small flag and waved it, signaling the levies to pull back and the smoothbore musketeers to advance. The rifled musketeers fired from their defensive positions while the cannons bombarded the ramparts allowing the smoothbore musketeers to advance with sufficient covering fire. Eventually, the allied levies that supported Berengar's forces had withdrawn, allowing the musketeers to form a firing squad in the gap and rain a volley down upon the forces defending the hole. After the volley gunned down the front row of defenders, The grenadiers advanced and lobbed their grenades into the gap between the walls.

The explosion of several dozen grenades filled the gap where the explosive blast and the shrapnel tore the defenders to pieces. Afterward, the Grenadiers and Line infantry pulled back, allowing the levies to once more charge the now concussed and injured defenders. This time Berengar sat back in the camp and enjoyed the show; while the battle continued to wage on, Berengar spoke to the Lords next to him who had brought the levies.

"Your levies have provided more support than you realize; they are dealing quite a degree of damage to the enemy forces."

The Lords merely scoffed at Berengar's remark; he was obviously using the levies to wear the enemy down and save the lives of his own men. Of course, any general worth their salt would use such a tactic; after all, it cost a great sum to arm, train, and supply Berengar's forces. He would preserve their lives as best as possible, and until now, Berengar still considered the levies as allied forces, not belonging to his own authority; as such, he did not care for their lives like he did that of his own men.

The course of the battle continued in such a manner for quite some time. Every time the battle reached a stalemate, the grenadiers and line infantry would break it, allowing the allied levies to continue their advance. Unlike previous sieges where he had three entrances to divert the enemies attention to, allowing him to advance into the city rapidly, he now had to fight several thousand defenders in one single gap as such; the battle waged well into the night before Berengar pulled back his forces to the siege camp.

Under the continuous bombardment of Berengar's artillery, the battle for the city had reached a stalemate. In total, over a thousand men had perished this day, but for Berengar, even his allied levies suffered significantly fewer casualties than the enemy; after all, they were protected by covering fire and gained significant ground against the enemy forces who filled the gap between the walls. Berengar's goal was to repeat this tactic the following day; if the city's defenders still had the will to fight, that was.

Berengar, of course, was suspecting the city's garrison to surrender; the levies who were raised to fight against Berengar had suffered significant casualties both in the field battle before and throughout the duration of the siege. Unless they all wished to die fighting, there would be some form of defection that would transpire this night.

As Berengar had guessed, several hundred defenders opened the gates to the city and raised the white flag after a couple of hours. Under cover of darkness, Berengar's troops were ordered to march into the city and restrain the defenders. Though this action had been done without the knowledge of the local lord, ultimately, the defenders felt the price to pay to secure their Lord's power was too great. Thus Berengar was welcomed in by the defenders who threw their weapons away and saluted him and his army with respect reserved for Conquering Heroes. While the Lord slept in ignorance throughout the night in his Castle, the city was swiftly secured by Berengar and his army.

The surrendered levies were treated as prisoners of war and were afforded proper lodgings and humane treatment by Berengar's army, which thoroughly surprised the Lords beneath his command. One of them decided to inquire about Berengar's behavior as they rode upon their horse's backs throughout the city, which was being secured by their troops.

"Why are you treating the defenders with such dignity?"

Berengar looked ahead into the darkness of the city and saw that the enemy forces were being tied up and lead to containment; now that they had surrendered, he would make sure no harm befell them. With a smile on his face, he replied to the Lord's inquiry.

"They have surrendered and voluntarily disarmed themselves; they pose no threat and clearly no hostile intentions. As long as they do not pose a danger to myself or my troops, I will treat them with the dignity that soldiers should be afforded. After all, their bravery in the face of overwhelming odds should be commended, for they lasted far longer against my forces than I had initially estimated. Only a savage would cut down a defenseless man!"

Berengar may be willing to give no quarter to enemies who had begun to flee in the face of his overwhelming might. Still, to a force who had properly surrendered and thrown themself at his mercy, only their leaders would pay the price for rising against him. The average soldier who was following orders could not be blamed for the actions of his superiors. This was how a civilized man conducted himself in the art of war.

After saying his piece the Lords who allied themselves with Berengar began to see him in a new light, he was not as ruthless of a conqueror as they had initially thought. Instead, he had some insights into warfare that could change the way in which such a thing was conducted within the civilized world. To the feudal Lords of a barbaric era, this idea of treating the disarmed combatants of the enemy with dignity was a new and bold concept, one which Berengar and his forces would become renowned for as he waged his many wars of conquest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134: Victory in Meran
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eckhard stood in the middle of the siege camp in which he had prepared outside the city of Meran. He was currently wearing his blackened munition's half-plate armor with brass trim, over his winter clothing. A German-style burgonet was adorned atop his head, protecting his skull from potential harm. The three ridges that formed at the top of the helmet were trimmed with brass, as were the edges of the helmet.

The veteran Knight, who now acted as Berengar's Field Marshal scowled as he watched the ongoing siege of Meran. Due to an increase in distance when compared to Sterzing it took him an extra day to arrive at his target with his army. Unlike Berengar, he did not engage in a field battle before setting up the siege, as such his army was well rested for the campaign to take the South.

While Berengar had developed a taste for the gruesome nature of warfare, Eckhard was quite honestly tired of it. He had seen too much death in his life, and the fertile fields of a hundred battlefields being turned into a barren wasteland scorched by the fires of war, and the blood of battle were etched into his permanent memory. However, as a Knight whose only skills were in the art of war, he had no other option in life but to fight until the day of his death.

Hearing the blood-curdling screams of the enemy defenders who were gunned down by the rifled musketeers in his army, many of which had become talented marksmen by this point in the campaign, he could not help but sigh and shake his head as he mumbled his inner thoughts under his breath.

"So much unnecessary death. They should just surrender, their defeat is inevitable..."

Despite the grizzled veteran's views of the conflict, the enemy persisted with all of their being in defending against the technologically advanced forces of Eckhard's army. Much Like Berengar, the army in which he had been tasked with commanding was filled with a mix of veterans, conscripts, and levies. Many of the surviving veterans in this conflict would go on to become NCOs, and even Officers within Berengar's future Imperial Army, but for now they merely hunkered down in the trenches and fired upon the enemy from a distance which was out of reach from the longbows, and crossbows of the feudal garrison in which they were facing off against.

It was after making this observation that the wall finally came crumbling down, after a few days of laying siege to Meran, victory was within his grasp, Eckhard began to wonder if Berengar and Arnolf had already conquered their cities. Nevertheless, now was not the time for that, as such Eckhard grabbed ahold of his loaded musket and ordered his troops to prepare to storm the gap. Eckhard took a different approach to the battle than Berengar did, he bombarded the gaps within the wall with explosive shells, making sure to deal massive damage to whatever men were foolish enough to stay near the gap.

After bombarding the location for some time, the enemy was afraid to protect it, as such, they had managed to stay quite a distance away from the area, when Eckhard finally called for the bombardment to stop, the gap was rushed by the nearby musketeers and levies who ran into the city and began their slaughter. No matter how mighty of defense was initially planned, under the fire of muskets, whose flanks were covered by the levies the city quickly fell into the hands of Eckhard.

As one of Berengar's Generals, Eckhard had made sure to enforce Berengar's rules about the treatment of civilians and POWs, any man who willingly surrendered to Eckhard and his army was treated with a degree of dignity, and under the watchful gaze of Eckhard's forces who had Berengar's rules of war drilled into their heads, the levies were prevented from acting out and causing a scene. After all of the enemies were rounded up as prisoners of war, and the civilians were accounted for Eckhard gave the order to begin the bombardment of the Castle.

Unfortunately for Eckhard the enemy Regent was stubborn and refused to surrender, as such the bombardment continued for several days more before the walls came crumbling down. Wanting to end the battle as quickly as possible Eckhard ordered his grenadiers into position to open fire on the enemy forces before lobbing their grenades into the gap. A common tactic utilized by grenadiers, after causing significant death and destruction to the enemy defense, a great melee had broken out as levies, conscripts and veterans clashed with the enemy garrison. The castle was protected by the elites left behind in Meran and comprised of heavily armored troops resembling men at arms.

Eckhard stayed in the back of the army and watched as his forces slowly captured the courtyard before bashing down the Castle's doors with a battering ram, where they marched inside with their muskets loaded, bayonets affixed, and spears in hand. What followed was a slaughter of every man who resisted until finally, they entered the Grand Hall where the regent was standing firmly in defiance of Eckhard's army.

When Eckhard forced his way to the front and saw the proud Regent he could not help but sigh in his heart. This man was clearly willing to die rather than admit defeat. The Regent noticing the respect given to Eckhard realized the possibility that he was the commander of this army, as such he asked in confusion as to the location of Berengar.

"You are much too old to be Berengar the Accursed, who are you? and where is the Heretic who lays siege to my lands?

Eckhard noticed the usage of the phrase "my lands" despite being a mere Regent which suggested the man undoubtedly had an overinflated sense of pride. As such he sighed and introduced his rank and name to the Regent who acted in power as the Lord of this region was off in Vienna fighting Lothar's war.

"I am Field Marshal Eckhard von Hallstatt, Berengar's leading General, he has tasked me with laying siege to this city and as such, I have full authority to accept your surrender!"

With the massive growth of Berengar's armies, he had begun to implement a proper rank system in his army, which was equivalent to a modern military's, unlike America in Berengar's past life, he used the rank Field Marshal to give to Eckhard as the highest-ranking General of all of his armies.

The stubborn Lord looked at Eckhard as if he was joking, and once more inquired about Berengar's whereabouts.

"Where exactly is Berengar if he is not laying siege to my grand city?"

Eckhard once more noticed the usage of the term "my" when referring to the city, and if it was not obvious before, it became apparent now to everyone in the room that this Regent was not only stubborn but incredibly arrogant, thinking that the leader of the Loyalist forces in Tyrol would come to Meran himself, as such Eckhard grinned and informed the man of his true value.

"Berengar is currently laying siege to Sterzing and has asked me to take Meran in his absence. Now that the City belongs to us, and the Castle has been secured I highly suggest you surrender, if not I will imprison you by force."

At this point it did not matter if the regent surrendered or not, the city was Eckhard's and by extension Berengar's, the Regent's willingness to accept defeat was irrelevant. Yet shockingly without an army to protect him, or the will of the people to stand up for him, the Regent still refused to admit that he had lost, and instead chastised Eckhard.

"I will never surrender this City so long as I draw breath, when Lothar and my liege return they will drive you into the depths of hell, and I will be greatly rewarded for my loyalty!"

Seeing the stubbornness of this Regent had turned into stupidity at this point Eckhard merely sighed and gave his troops an order.

"Arrest this man, and put him in solitary confinement. I do not want him influencing the prisoners to rebel against our rule here!"

With that said the soldiers pounded their chests in a salute and obeyed his commands.

"Yes sir!"

After saying that they quickly locked up the man in chains, despite his best attempts to struggle, and dragged him off to the dungeon kicking and screaming.

"I can not wait to see how Duke Lothar slaughters you traitors like pigs! You will all be damned to the afterlife for following that heretic into hell!"

With those words said the troops did not react in the slightest, as far as they were concerned Berengar was a man who had proven himself time and again worth following, no matter what the Church might say, he was a righteous man, who had practically become a Warrior Saint in their eyes. Of course, they had no way of knowing that in the distant future after Berengar's passing there would be an enormous debate among the leaders of the Church of Germany as to whether or not Berengar should be canonized as a Warrior Saint.

With the Regent locked away, and the city's defenders defeated the battle for Meran had resulted in a victory for Eckhard, the first of many that would come from the first Field Marshal of Berengar's armies.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135: Successful Operation and a New Invasion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the moment, Berengar was standing in the middle of the Grand Hall of Sterzing; after a well-fought siege, the enemy had conceded and was kneeling before him. With the collapse in the defenses of the city the night prior, it did not take long for the cowardly Regent within to surrender the Castle and the City to Berengar, a few bombardments on the castle's walls, and he quickly flew the white flag, scurrying for Berengar's favor.

With Sterzing and Meran won, all that remained in operation Trident was the fall of Schlanders, and news of victory in that area would soon follow. As such Berengar was smiling at the defeated Regent, which happened to be one of the Brothers of the Baron who ruled over this area. Though the man was trusted with the region's defense by his elder brother, he had utterly failed in that regard.

The resistance in the South had come crashing down around the might of Berengar's army, and few places still harbored ill sentiments towards Berengar's campaign, at least openly that is. At the moment, Berengar was speaking with the Regent, who was kneeling before him like a loyal subject.

"I will not punish you for your brother's defiance. Since you have surrendered willingly, you will be afforded the same respect I treat all of my prisoners of war. However, Sterzing is under my authority until the rule of law is restored within Tyrol. "

The Regent was sweating buckets as he kneeled before Berengar, not willing to look into the young man's ferocious gaze. He had never seen a siege ended so quickly before, nor had he witnessed such destruction. The rapid speed in which Berengar seized control of Sterzing was unprecedented, well, unless you count his other conquests. Truly the tactics of European warfare would change when the feudal lords of the continent eventually came to know the effectiveness of his weapons.

As such, the man kept his head bent low as he thanked Berengar for his mercy

"My Lord, I thank you on behalf of myself and my family for sparing my life!"

The church had taken advantage of Berengar's conquest to spread rumors about alleged wicked acts of his army and himself. Despite conducting themselves with a degree of civility not commonly found in this medieval age, his army was branded as demon worshiping murderers, rapists, and cannibals by the Church. As such, the fear in the Regent's eyes was understandable, he was clearly a fool who believed everything the Church told him, and Berengar had no use for such fools in his County.

That's right, his County, as far as Berengar was concerned, there was only one way for this war to end up, with him being rewarded with the title of County of Tyrol. Though at the moment he was unaware of Liutbert's decision to aid him in this regard, Berengar was still confident he would get what he wanted. Thus he looked at the Regent in front of him with disgust as the man was led away to his imprisonment.

Afterward, Berengar sat down on the seat of power in Sterzing and gave his orders.

"Prepare to rest here, and leave a garrison of 500 men, we will prepare our forces for a push into the Prince-Bishopric of Trent when we have mustered our strength. For now, enjoy yourselves, but make sure to follow the rules I have set forth; if I find anyone who dares to ****, raid, murder, cause unnecessary harm to the civilians, and prisoners I will have them placed before a firing squad do I make myself clear?"

With that said the voices of the soldiers under Berengar's command who had gathered in the Great Hall of Sterzing voiced their support in unison.

"Yes, my Lord!"

Afterward, his forces departed, and Berengar was given a reprieve from the endless violence and bloodshed that had been going on since the beginning of his war. He initially planned to march on the Prince-Bishopric of Trent in another month; this would give him time to gather troops, and solidify his position. With many armed garrisons stationed throughout Tyrol enforcing his will upon the local Lords.

After all, for the many changes he had planned to the structure of society, the rebellion was inevitable, and he wanted his troops in place to counteract any revolution that might arise from the noblemen who were disgruntled by his changes to their feudal powers. Thus he intended to begin the constructions of small star forts in the conquered regions and house them with garrisons of local men until the day where he incorporated the entirety of Tyrol into his political, economic, industrial, and agricultural reforms.

After a few days of rest, a messenger came to Berengar and handed him a series of letters, which different people wrote, but each contained important information for his war efforts. The first came from Linde which claimed to have convinced her older brother Liutpert to support him in his bid for the title of Count of Tyrol; in fact, the man openly denounced his father and his actions during Berengar's siege of Sterzing.

The next two letters were from Arnulf and Eckhard, informing Berengar that they had seized control of their targets and that Operation Trident had become an enormous success. Berengar now held the key centers of resistance to his authority in Southern Tyrol; with it, the remaining Rebel regions would fall into Berengar's hands in weeks.

The next letter was the most important report he had received, and it was written by Adela, informing him that Lothar was surrounded in Vienna, with no way out, and the siege her father was engaging in to remove the traitor Lothar was going quite well. It would not be long until Lothar was captured by Duke Wilmar's forces and was executed. When Berengar read this news, he realized he would have to push forward his timetables. If he could not capture Trent by the time Lothar's rebellion ended, then the Duke would surely not allow him to invade Trent without a proper justification openly.

At the moment, that justification was the fact that the Prince-Bishop of Trent had openly declared support for Lothar's rebellion and had even supplied them. Realizing that Berengar no longer had the luxury to wait for reinforcements, he quickly wrote a pair of letters and sent them with a messenger off to Arnulf and Eckhard. The letters contained their further orders; Arnulf and Eckhard would leave garrisons behind and march on the regions that would later become known as Riva and Pergine Valsugana. As for Berengar and his forces, they would march on the city of Trent. They simply did not have the time to wait for reinforcements.

After sending the letters, Bernegar quickly gathered his officers, where they were confused by the unscheduled meeting but were eager to listen to Berengar's command. As such, Berengar cut to the chase and informed his troops of his monumental decision.

"The traitor Lothar is about to fall to Count Otto's forces. It is a matter of weeks at this point..."

With this said, the room resounded in applause, this meant that soon enough, the war would be over, and they could return home. However, Berengar shocked them by raising his hand and having them hold their applause; he pointed in the direction of the map in front of them, which landed directly on the Prince-Bishopric of Trent. Berengar had a fierce and determined gaze in his eyes as he gave his decree.

"Because of this, we will have to act quickly if we wish to end the Rebellion in its entirety; as you all know, the Prince-Bishop of Trent has been supplying our enemies. If we do not invade them now, we will allow the authorities in Trent to get away with the blood on their hands. As such, I hereby declare that tomorrow morning, our forces aside from a small garrison of 250 men, designed to maintain order in the region, will march upon Trent, where we will capture the region within the next few weeks and incorporate it into the County of Tyrol!"

The Officers were shocked at first by this news; however, when thinking of the potential rewards they could gain by seizing Trent, their eyes glistened with greed. With the new territory under his control, Berengar would need to appoint noblemen of higher regard to run it for him. Since positions in his political and military structure were based largely upon merit, the more capable one proved themselves as a leader in the upcoming conflict, the better their chances to become a Baron or a Viscount.

Thus the passion for this invasion was far greater than that of the conquest of Tyrol, and every man desired to do their part to gain a prestigious position and untold wealth from the annexation of Trent. As for Berengar, he was excited by the fact that he could finally deal a great blow to the Church, who he had already made his enemies. If they think the Teutonic Order will be enough to wipe him out in a few months, they were sadly mistaken. With his orders being given, the Officers quickly relayed them to their troops, and Berengar took a sip of wine as he gazed at the map of this world. Further strengthening the resolve he had to become an unrivaled Emperor, the conquest of Tyrol and Trent was only the beginning!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136: You Really Know how to Force my Hand
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar had begun to march his armies into the Prince-Bishopric of Trent, Duke Wilmar was engaged with the enemy Bavarians at Munich, his siege was lasting longer than he had anticipated, but it was going smooth enough. The main Bavarian armies were up in the north fighting against the regions under von Luxembourg's influence. For Eastern Germany, they were fighting among themselves for petty reasons. There was not a single region of Germany that was not embroiled in some form of warfare at the moment; only small towns could escape the wrath of passing armies if they were lucky; most weren't.

Duke Wilmar was reading a report about Berengar's recent activities. In under two months, he had subjugated the Northern and Southern regions of Tyrol and had marched on Trent with the intent of annexing the territory through the right of conquest. Berengar's actions greatly enraged the Church, who had demanded Duke Wilmar do something about his lowly vassal. The truth was, at the moment, Berengar was not directly a Vassal of Duke Wilmar but Count Lothar. By supporting Duke Wilmar in his war against Lothar, Berengar was technically breaking his responsibilities as a vassal to Lothar and was actually acting in treason against his direct liege.

At the moment, Duke Wilmar was very pleased with Berengar's actions; despite being a lowly Viscount, the young man had somehow gathered enough forces to rapidly retake Tyrol from the defending Garrisons and the Lords and Regents who ruled over the area. However, what shocked him the most was that Lothar's son and heir, Liutbert, openly denounced his father and sided in support of Berengar, swearing loyalty to the man that was his family's vassal. By swearing his loyalty to Berengar, Liutbert had essentially given up on his claim for Tyrol, which put Duke Wilmar in a difficult position.

The Duke of Austria grinned as he chuckled and commented to himself

"You really know how to force my hand, do you not, Berengar?"

Honestly, Duke Wilmar was impressed by Berengar's capabilities and wanted the man on his side, especially with the efficiency in which he engaged in warfare; Despite the fact that he did not know Berengar's secret to swift victory; he still desired the man to be his Marshal. However, since Berengar was someone else's vassal, he could not do so; as such, Duke Wilmar was convinced that making Berengar Count of Tyrol was in his best interest at the moment and had thus come to a conclusion.

He would even allow Berengar to keep Trent and incorporate it into his domain. Surely that would be enough to satisfy the ambitions of a man who was born a lowly Baron's son. Of course, if Wilmar knew what Berengar intended to do over the upcoming years, he would have refused to give Berengar any greater authority. However, there was no magic in this world; if the gods of mankind existed, they surely did not show their presence. As such, there was no way to accurately predict the future or understand the exact thoughts in someone's head.

Beside Wilmar was one of his Commanders, the Count of Salzburg; his name was Walfried von Salzburg, who was shocked by the statement the Duke had made, as such, he quickly questioned his leige on what he meant.

"Apologizes for my liege, but how exactly has Berengar forced your hand?"

Normally a Count like Walfried would not be familiar with some lowly Viscount from another County. Still, he had heard many things about Berengar, the young man who was quite famous in Austria and several nearby German regions like Bavaria. When Walfried received the Duke's reply the Count could not help but look at Berengar with even higher praise.

"Berengar has seized nearly all of Tyrol and has currently marched on the Prince-Bishopric of Trent in an attempt to annex it from the Church."

This was shocking news; after all, it had been less than two months since Berengar first took up arms against Count Lothar, and during that entire time the Duke's army had been stuck laying siege to Munich, he began to wonder just how did the young Viscount manage to capture such a vast swath of territory so rapidly? Count Walfried could hardly believe his ears and, as such, had to verify the information.

"What did you say?"

Duke Wilmar glared at Walfried in response to his questioning tone and made what he had previously said clear.

"You heard me..."

Wilfried did not know how to react to such information; immediately, his mind thought the Duke was reading misinformation, and as such, he asked about its authenticity.

"Has this intelligence been verified?"

To Walfried's surprise, Duke Wilmar smiled and nodded; neither of them knew how exactly Berengar had managed to seize Tyrol so quickly, but they knew that it was an extraordinary feat; as such, they could not help but praise the young Viscount in their hearts. The only question that remained in Walfried's mind was what they should do with such a talented commander.

"What will you do with him if he is victorious in Trent?"

Duke Wilmar continued to smile as he announced his plans to his trusted friend.

"I intend to make him Count of Tyrol and allow his annexation to take place."

At first, this news greatly shocked Walfried. However, he understood Wilmar's intentions; Berengar was talented in not just military matters but economic and industrial ones as well. If they could gain his favor and put him to work for the good of the realm, Austria would soar to new heights never before seen in this world. Unfortunately, the two scheming noblemen had made one minor miscalculation, and that was the fact that Berengar's ambitions did not stop at being a Count. Thus he would never be content putting his innovations to use for another sovereign.

However, these men had no way of knowing the depth of Berengar's goals nor the height of his pride. When the time finally came, Berengar would refuse to serve on Wilmar's council and instead develop Tyrol into a booming industry and agricultural district. While the war for Germany waged on, Berengar would elect to protect his new lands and cultivate them, allowing the chaos that the conflict caused to spread to every corner of Germany, every corner but his own. Only when things were at their worst would he have the ability to rise from the ashes of the old world and present a new alternative.

As such, they continued to scheme as to how they would get into Berengar's good graces, and by doing so, they played directly into the young Viscount's hands. For Berengar would never accept the yoke of servitude beneath another being, his pride as a man would never allow it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137: Invasion of Trent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Invasion of Trent was swift and sudden; the three-prong assault on Trent, Riva, and Pergine Valsugana caught the Prince-Bishop completely off guard. Berengar gave no warning when he invaded Trent; as far as he was concerned, he was already at war with the region when they decided to supply his enemies. Due to the lack of notice, the Prince Bishop did not have time to raise an army in defense, not even the ability to form levies.

As such, he was currently surrounded in the City of Trent by Berengar's armies; as for the other key areas of assault, they could hardly even be considered cities; if anything, they were towns with a single castle. Both Eckhard and Arnulf would be able to take their regions and march on the final area with a significant population before Beregnar had even completed his siege of Trent.

This was a lightning war fought with limited time. Berengar had to capture the key regions before Lothar was defeated in Vienna. As such, he had ordered a constant bombardment of the enemy fortifications. While a siege camp was constructed, it was rushed into production, as Berengar did not fear the Bishops armies, who were all hiding cowardly behind the large city walls. It was not as if it mattered though, Berengar concentrated the artillery bombardments on a specific section of the wall and felt he could bring it down very quickly.

As usual, Berengar's forces had fired their muskets upon the defenders on the ramparts; those who survived the initial attack began to realize that by looking over the merlons, they were asking for death. As such, the entirety of the bombardment was rather peaceful, with only a few shots being taken every so often whenever a defender was foolish enough to stick his head out from under the protective cover.

...

The Prince-Bishop of Trent was livid, his territory was under siege from Berengar the Accursed and his demonic hordes; he was completely and utterly trapped within the confines of his territory. The Bishop's name was Ludger, and he could not think of a worse fate than being trapped inside his city walls waiting for Berengar to bring the wrath of Satan upon him. Obviously, he was not one of the Bishops within the Catholic Church who supported Berengar's ideals and had used much of his power and authority to demonize the young Viscount publically.

Ludger was in the middle of screaming at his Garrison's commander, who was heavily armored in the equipment a proper man at arms would have from the era.

"What do you mean the men on the ramparts do not have the ability to return fire? Just what kind of weapons is the enemy using?"

The commander of the garrison was utterly frightened; he had seen too many of his men gunned down by the thunderous weapons in which the enemy forces wielded. Though he recognized the possibility of the arms being used as hand cannons, he could not believe the range they were capable of. It was beyond imagination to suggest such a weapon was capable of engaging targets at over 400 yards.

"I believe they are hand cannons, but your Lordship, I do not understand how these weapons are capable of such range; they have a greater range of effect than even our steel crossbows!"

The Prince-Bishop of Trent could only gnash his teeth in rage as he continued to hear the echoing thunder of the 12 lb cannons wreaking havoc upon his walls. Fearing the worst, he asked the question on his mind.

"What about the walls? Will they withstand the fire of the cannons?"

The garrison commander shook his head with a worrisome expression on his face when he told the truth.

"They will at most last another day, your Lordship please, let me get you out of the city, you can take refuge in the Vatican until a force can be mustered to take back your land!"

Ludger was outraged at the idea of fleeing his lands and leaving it in control of Berengar the Accursed, but his garrison commander was right; if he stayed here, the Heretic might have him executed as a display of force against the Church. Ludger completely refused to die at the command of Berengar, and he also needed to supply the Vatican with intel he had gathered about Berengar's weapons. Whether they believed him or not, the hand cannons in Berengar's hands were far more effective than anything else seen at the time and were a great threat to any army of the era.

As such, Ludger sighed heavily before accepting the Commander's suggestion

"Fine... We will do it your way; make sure you and your men buy me some time!"

With those words spoken, the Garrison commander nodded his head and saluted to the Prince-Bishop.

"We will die defending this holy land from the heathens at our gates!"

With that said, a plan was put into place for the Pince Bishop of Trent to abscond into the night and flee towards the Vatican. Hopefully, Berengar's forces would be unable to capture him.

...

Night fell, and Berengar's bombardment continued into the night; to provide a distraction for the Prince-Bishop's escape, the enemy defenders sallied out of the sally port and rushed into Berengar's trench line. Ultimately the enemy was spotted before they were even 250 yards away from the camp; as such, Berengar and his men awoke from the sound of the watchtower's bell and rushed into their equipment. This time they would not be foolish enough to leave their armor behind; as such, it took them a few minutes to get fully equipped.

During this time, the muskets from the sentries within the trenches had been going off echoing into the night as the minie ball and musket ball projectiles shredded the oncoming attackers. Though the trenches had been rushed, there was still barbed wire in place and earthen fortifications designed to protect the soldiers within the trenches.

By the time Berengar arrived at the scene, a pile of corpses stacked atop the trenches adding a secondary barrier for the defenders to get through, the zealotry in which they had attacked the defensive trench line was something Berengar had not witnessed in quite some time. Truly religion was a powerful force that could compel men to disregard their lives, but Berengar did not know why they decided to act this way. Berengar disregarded the thought as he rushed into the trenches with a musket that had its bayonet affixed in hand and aimed the weapon at the oncoming attackers.

After getting a target in sight, he squeezed the trigger of the firearm, causing the hammer which contained the flint to fall onto the pan below and spark, thus igniting the black powder contained within the pan, which propelled the minie ball down range and into the chest of a man at arms no more than 10 feet in front of him. The bullet-like projectile easily pierced through the man's coat of plates creating a massive hole in his chest where his heart used to lie intact. Not allowing time for the soldiers to rush forward, Berngar quickly reloaded his musket alongside his soldiers as fast as he could.

The enemy soldiers rushed into the Trench line but were caught in barbed wire, which tangled around their armor and caught them in place long enough for the defenders to reload and fire into the ensnared enemy forces. Blood splattered across the trench line as limbs were torn apart by the impact, and gaping holes filled the enemy's abdomens and chests. Eventually, enough bodies piled up over the barbed wire allowing the enemy to get into the trench line where Berengar and his forces began to fight within the trenches with swords, bayonets, spears, and clubs.

The trench warfare became a chaotic field as soldiers from Berengar's army clashed with the men at arms, using every method they could think of to defeat their enemy. However, as time went on, it became increasingly apparent that the enemy forces were outnumbered and out-armed. The enemy forces suffered heavy casualties, as the bayonets of Berengar's army were the perfect size and length to pierce through the gaps in the enemy armor. Seeing as how most of them wore mail aventails as a form of throat defense, Berengar's soldiers quickly made that the target of their bayonet thrusts which easily pierced through the interlocked iron rings and into the throats of their opponents, ending their lives.

As for Berengar's forces, aside from the levies, each was equipped with sufficient steel plate protection for their torso, thighs, neck, and head. Aside from the face or the armpits, it would prove virtually impossible to deal a lethal blow to his forces with a piercing or slashing weapon. Thus, most of Berengar's fatalities resulted from blunt trauma to the head, but this was a minimal number.

By dawn, the Sun had risen, and Berengar was victorious. However, it would only be after Berengar had seized the city that he would realize that the Prince-Bishop had fled his lands, leaving them ripe for the taking. Despite defeating the sallying forces, a few hundred men were still defending behind the walls who refused to surrender the city. As such, the Siege would go on for several more days while Berengar's allies fought their own battles for the Prince-Bishopric of Trent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138: Are There any Questions?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A couple of days had passed since the battle in the trenches, and Berengar was growing anxious; he did not yet know when Lothar would fall, and he was trying to rush his campaign as quickly as possible. Eventually, the wall came crumbling down, and when it did, he ordered a full storming of the city. Covered by artillery fire and continuous volleys of the rifled muskets. Line infantry and levies alike rushed into the gap into the wall, using whatever methods available to them to take the city.

Despite the fierce assault, the defenders of the city of Trent were undeterred; though the Prince-Bishop had successfully fled, it was their duty to defend the city with their lives; hopefully, if they did so, they could enter the gates of heaven. After all, in the eyes of the city's defenders, they were fighting against a horde of heathens who sought to bring down Christiandom. Religion was a powerful tool, and the weak-minded were easily compelled to die by the propaganda of the Church.

Yet despite the zealotry of the forces who gave up their lives to defend against the besiegers, they quickly realized that they were vastly outnumbered. Levies crashed with man at arms, and line infantry fired their muskets in concentrated volleys onto the enemy positions. Blood and guts spilled across the snowy streets as the defending garrison was pushed further and further back into the city.

Those more cowardly hostiles would hide in the homes of civilians, which Berengar would immediately order their clearing. Not willing to risk the lives of his soldiers, a grenade or two were lobbed into the room before busting down the door, usually resulting in not only the death of the defender but also the civilians who cowered in their homes.

As the battle raged on, the Lords who had submitted to Berengar's authority saw the tactics Berengar was using and were quite confused; they knew Berengar had an order not to kill unarmed civilians needlessly. Yet, here, his troops were lobbing explosives into the rooms which clearly contained such people. As such, they inquired to Berengar why he was breaking his own rules of war.

Berengar's stared stoically onto the battlefield, alongside the Lords of the levies who entered the city alongside him. Violence, blood, and despair quickly spread to every corner of the city, enemies' lives were taken, and many civilians were caught in the crossfire. As Berengar gazed upon the sight, he continued his lecture on the art of war for all the nearby noblemen to hear.

"My rules of war can be summed up in a single phrase. Victory at any cost! If civilians are caught in the crossfire between two combatants, then so be it. If civilians were to take up arms and rise against me in the act of rebellion, I would take 10 heads for every rebel to prove a point. Kneel before me, or die those are your two choices."

With those words spoken, the Lords who had submitted to Berengar felt chills down their spines. However, before they could protest, Berengar began to continue his speech.

"For example, say there is a village, and within this village, there is a garrison of enemy soldiers or a group of rebels who have taken up arms against me, but also in the village, there are dozens, maybe hundreds of unarmed civilians who may or may not express support for the hostile forces. I have no qualms ordering a bombardment of the town and razing it to the ground to ensure the destruction of my enemies, especially if it will spare the lives of my soldiers."

Berengar's concept of warfare stemmed from the fact that he was well educated on the history of warfare and tactics, as well as the fact that in his previous life, he had witnessed many young men in the service of the American Armed Forces losing their lives in Afghanistan where they might have been spared if the Pentagon was not so concerned about civilian casualties. As long as a region resisted the rule of the occupying nation, in Berengar's eyes, it was considered an active warzone, and whatever cruelty was needed to bring the war to an end was completely justified.

The battle continued to wage on, but this time Berengar was not at the front lines. Instead, he lectured the nobles about his vision of warfare and which extents were justifiable and unjustifiable in the pursuit of victory. As such, Berengar decided to move onto the actions he had restricted.

"As long as there is resistance in a region, it is a war zone, and any measure necessary to achieve a swift victory is justifiable. However, if the enemy surrenders, they should be afforded proper dignity unless, of course, they are rebels, rebellions can not be tolerated, and a brutal show of force is necessary to crush the spirit of those who believe in their cause. As for the civilians in the region, once the fighting has ended, no harm should be brought to them, for at that point, you have successfully conquered the region, and they are now your subjects. There are exceptions to this, but that revolves around a series of political actions, mainly regarding colonialism, and I will not get into the complexity of that topic at this moment."

As Berengar brought his rant to a close, the Lords gazed upon the city, which was lit ablaze by explosives. When combined with the corpses of the enemy soldiers, and the civilians caught in the crossfire whose blood flowed into the snow-covered streets, created an image of armageddon. When witnessing such destruction, and death Berengar turned around to face the Lords with a chilling smile on his otherwise immaculate visage before asking them the question on his mind.

"Are there any questions?"

The several Lords who had submitted to Berengar's authority and allied with him to crush the Southern Rebellion shook their heads in silence, with a look of horror spread across their faces. For a man to be smiling in the face of such a chaotic scene, only a monster would be able to do such a thing. Or so they thought, though Berengar was happy that his plans were progressing, internally, he could not help but sigh to himself at the needless loss of life. If his enemies were not so stubborn and surrendered the city to him the moment the walls came down, the region's citizens would not have suffered to such a degree.

Of course, the Lords had no way of knowing what Berengar was thinking inside the labyrinth that was his mind, and as such, they felt an overwhelming sense of dread, inspiring them to never take up arms against the man in front of them, for in their minds Berngar was a demon in the flesh of a man.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139: Lothars Defeat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It had been over a week since the Siege of Trent, and the entire region fell into Berengar's hands, but to Count Lothar, who was trapped in Vienna with no way out, he had no way of knowing that he had completely lost the home front. At this point, he was desperate to escape the city and flee towards his home, where he planned to rally the local forces and defend Innsbruck until every man, woman, and child had expended their lives in its defense. He would do whatever was necessary to ensure his own survival for as long as possible.

Count Otto's forces had broken through the gates, and the City was once more thrust into chaos as Otto and his men began fighting their way through the battle-worn soldiers of Lothar's army or what remained of it. Count Lothar, at the moment, was battling with a knight under Otto's command who was clad in full steel plate armor; the two men were both similarly equipped. However, Lothar was at a disadvantage. At the moment, he only had a longsword in his hands which was not the most effective weapon against a Knight encased in full plate. As for the Knight held a halberd in his hands and had a sword sheathed on his waist.

Lothar wielded his sword with excellent skill, deflecting the oncoming blows of the polearm and rushing forward, trying to get into the gaps between the enemy armor. However, the Knight was equally adept and had a significant advantage in reach. Before Lothar knew it, he found himself being pushed back by the Knights advance; luckily for him, some of his nearby men rushed forward to aid him. However, when they arrived to help their Lord, they soon realized that he had disappeared; The moment the men had come to his aid and began to distract the Knight, Lothar ran off in the opposite direction in a desperate attempt to flee from the city.

Lothar did not have time to disguise himself, war was waging around him, and enemy forces could capture him at any moment. Thankfully the Chaos provided some anonymity in the crowd, though he wore a tabard over his breastplate which signified his house, there were many other Lords and Knights each bearing their own Coat of Arms. As such, the man took advantage of the Chaos and fled to the Eastern Gate, which, as far he knew, was still under his force's control. However, the man did not get far, as he was sprinting in the direction of the Gate Cavalry began to ride into the City. These Knights and lancers on horseback belonged to Count Otto; riding at the front of the group was the loyal Count himself. They noticed a heavily armed man bearing Lothar's coat of arms running away.

Though it could not be seen beneath his great bascinet's visor, Otto was grinning with excitement he had finally found the traitor, and if he could be captured alive, the battle would end sooner. Thus Otto and his Knights quickly rode down any resistance in the way and rapidly caught up to Lothar. Before the traitorous Count could regroup with his forces at the Eastern Gate, he was surrounded by Otto and his heavily armored Knights.

Otto did not allow for a single gap for the traitor to escape and confirm the man's identity; he called out to him.

"Running away, are you? In the face of defeat, you do not have the courage to face your own death in glorious battle! For a traitor, you are quite pathetic!"

Lothar was resigned to his fate; steel-clad horses and knights surrounded him. There was no path to victory nor escape. He could merely sigh and face captivity; if lady luck were on his side, he would be able to escape from his predicament, though he feared this was not the case. As such, he did not respond to Otto's insults. Instead, he admitted his defeat.

"I know when I am beaten, well played, Otto. I did not expect you to overcome my defenses so quickly. You can rest assured knowing that I was never capable of penetrating the Castle's defenses. As far as I am aware, the Duke's family is safe and sound."

Beneath the visor of his great bascinet, Count Otto sneered in disgust at the man before him, a man he once considered his own hubris now brought down his rival as such; Otto expressed his contempt for Lothar he ordered his arrest.

"You should have been content with your lot in life! Men arrest this traitor!"

With his weapon no longer in his hands, and the heavily armored knights cautiously approaching Lothar, he quickly restrained the man and cuffed him into iron shackles. They then removed his helmet to stare at the man so bold as to revolt against his liege during a time of crisis. However, what revealed itself was a haggard man, driven to exhaustion by the war he started. Lothar was merely a shadow of his former self at this point, and his appearance showed it.

Otto then brought him before the fighting armies and blew a horn which gathered everyone's attention. Lothar's forces quickly saw that their liege had been captured and knew they were defeated; there was no longer a purpose in fighting. Lothar's Rebellion and the War in Tyrol were over! As such, Count Otto boldly declared for all the men to hear.

"I have captured your Liege, surrender now, and hand over the other traitorous Lords, and you will be allowed to return to your homes peacefully!"

The various noblemen who had followed Lothar into battle were frightened at this news and looked around anxiously; through the open face bascinets and the kettle helmets of the man at arms, they could see in their eyes the desire to betray their masters. As such, a skirmish quickly ensued, and Lothar's forces turned on their masters in an attempt to save their own hides. Very quickly, the ringleaders of Lothar's rebellion were either killed in the last stand against their own forces or brought forward to Count Otto, where the remainder of Lothar's forces surrendered their arms willingly.

Count Otto fully intended to bring these captives to Duke Wilmar at Munich, where they would be punished accordingly by their rightful Liege. He did not want to take the credit for ending the rebellion, because after all, it was his future son-in-law who had done the majority of the work. By rapidly conquering Tyrol, Berengar cut off any form of support or reinforcements in which Lothar might receive on his quest to become Duke of Austria. This was not Berengar's only noteworthy feat, for the young Viscount had also managed to send significant material aid to Otto's forces as he laid siege to Lothar's defenses. If not for this aid, he would not have been able to so swiftly retake the city, which was the Duke's seat of power. The impression of his future son-in-law grew exponentially in Otto's heart, and he had at this point practically forgiven Berengar's infidelity.

As the Siege of Vienna ended and the traitors captured, so too did the War in Austria. For now, Austria would find some semblance of peace in the upcoming months. With the entire German world at war and the conflict spreading to the rest of the Empire, it would only be a matter of time before violence found its way back into the Duchy of Austria. When that happened, Berengar's position would be in a far better position to confront any army which entered the lands of Austria.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140: A Heros Welcome
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar's army or what remained of it had been marching since he successfully annexed the Prince-Bishopric of Trent into the County of Tyrol. It had been weeks at this point, and he could finally see the City of Kufstein and its impregnable defenses on the horizon. It had been over two months since he first began his campaign, and he had achieved an overwhelming victory against the rebellious forces.

A warm smile appeared on the handsome youth's face as he gazed upon his homeland with delight, muttering the words on his mind beneath his breath as he sat atop his war steed, which had proven to be an excellent companion during the last two months of his life.

"We are finally home..."

Berengar's losses in the war were quite low; less than 1,000 men on his side had perished in the conflict; as for the levies that were allied with him, their number was a bit higher. Still, he did not count them among his own casualties, as they were technically not his forces at the moment. As for the Army behind his back, it was less than half of what he had invaded Trent with; the region was given command by Arnulf temporarily until a time in which the rebellion had officially ended. As for Eckhard, he was in charge of South Tyrol and its garrisons.

The spirit of resistance was still within the hearts of many citizens who Berengar had conquered in this time, but at the moment, they did not act upon it. Once the war was officially over, Eckhard, Arnulf, and the forces left behind in the region would remain there until a more permanent garrison comprised of locals who had properly been indoctrinated into his army was established.

It had been two months since he felt his lover's warm embrace, or since he saw the dazzling sapphire eyes of his baby boy, and Berengar had missed them greatly as such when he rode into the City, which was currently covered in snow, he had a large smile on his face. When Berengar and his forces entered the city of Kufstein, the citizens of the city lined up across the streets, welcoming the return of their Liege as a conquering Hero. Cheers echoed across the city as Berengar rode at the front of his army, dressed in his garishly decorated blackened steel plate armor.

Berengar had thought to himself as he smiled and waved at his subjects

'So this is a hero's welcome? It is truly fitting...'

To the citizens of Kufstein, Berengar had accomplished the unthinkable; he spread the glory of their territory and captured the entirety of the County Tyrol and its neighbor, the Prince-Bisophric of Trent, from their enemies in a span of two months. Though many of his men had died in the conflict, Berengar would keep his promise and exempt their families from taxes for a duration of time. However, the people of Kufstein did not know about this promise yet.

After riding through the streets of Kufstein, Berengar dismissed his armies; they could return home to their loved ones for the time being; after all, they had more than earned it. It was only after his army fully gathered into ranks and fully Saluted Berengar at Kufstein Castle's steps that he understood the extent of their loyalty. Such a performance was not asked of them, yet they took it upon themselves to salute their Lord and Commander, who had to lead them against unthinkable odds and into an overwhelming victory.

Berengar returned their salute before marching into the Castle's gates. The moment Berengar stepped through the gates of his castle, he was practically mowed over by Linde, who rushed into his arms like a charging bull. Luckily for him, he was capable of standing his ground and accepted her embrace. Her family, as well as Henrietta, had gathered nearby and witnessed the loving reunion. Berengar began to greet Linde

"Did you miss..."

Before he could even finish his sentence, Berengar's lover had pressed her lips against his own and parted them with her tongue in a passionate display of affection. Her siblings were quite shocked by her boldness and watched in embarrassment for some time as the two continued to fondle one another openly; it was only when Berengar reached for Linde's substantial breasts did that someone decided to spoke up.

Liutbert grunted to signal to the couple that they had company, and we were quickly getting out of hand. Realizing that her siblings were watching, Linde quickly retracted herself from Berengar's embrace and looked down with embarrassment, her cheeks were completely flushed at this point, and she could not help but be ashamed of her actions.

Berengar, on the other hand, smiled and licked his lips before greeting Linde and the others.

"So I guess that's a yes?"

Afterward, he quickly grabbed ahold of Linde's waist and dragged her over to the others. Linde's siblings each had a different expression on their faces, Adelheid considered Berengar to be a womanizer taking advantage of her big sister, but she knew he was capable of achieving great things and had helped topple her father's dastardly plans; as such, she was conflicted with how to treat the man in front of her.

Liutbert had already chosen to submit to Berengar and gracefully welcomed the man that would become the next Count of Tyrol. He had already received news of Lothar's defeat at Vienna. After becoming aware of his father's defeat, Liutbert finally realized that he had made the right choice in supporting Berengar. As for Herman, he was acting like a stubborn little brat, greatly scowling at the man who had rebelled against his father. the little misfit could not help but blame Berengar for the defeat and captivity of his father.

Linde also had one other sibling, a little sister, roughly Henrietta's age, and this girl was named Minna, and she was rather welcoming to Berengar. Minna had grown close to Henrietta throughout the past month of "captivity" in Kufstein, and Henrietta had filled her ears with stories of Berengar and his gallant acts. Berengar did not even need to sway the little girl to his side, as she had already developed the image of Berengar being a knight in shining armor; from how Henrietta talked about his past, he seemed like some form of Prince-Charming. As such, she was happy to finally see the man she admired, and his good looks did not disappoint.

Henrietta, of course, was beaming with a smile on her face as her elder brother returned home alive. With her parents retiring to the countryside and Lambert exiled, Berengar was her only family left, and she greatly dreaded some misfortune that might befall him. In her hands was the baby Hans, which she spent a great deal of time looking after, considering in his absence Linde was forced to deal with the civil affairs of Kufstein.

Seeing his infant son in Henrietta's hands, Berengar walked over to her and grabbed ahold of his child.

"Hans... Your father has returned!"

With that, Berengar held onto his child, surrounded by loved ones and allies. He felt completely safe for the first time in what appeared to him like a lifetime of war. As such, a grand feast was thrown that night to celebrate his return, and he had begun to invite his friends throughout Kufstein to partake in it.

During the extravagant meal, which tasted like ambrosia straight from the mouth of God after having eaten nothing but bread and salted pork for two months, Berengar forced himself to stop stuffing his face and made a victory toast. Everyone expected him to say something valiant, something bold, or a declaration of future prospects. Instead, Berengar merely lifted his glass and said the somber words that had plagued his mind since the combat began.

"To our fallen warriors! May they forever rest in peace!"

The serious toast brought the excited audience out of their celebratory mood and forced them back to reality; every victory was paved with the blood of the dead and those brave men who fought on the front lines. The fact that Berengar had used that as a toast undoubtedly killed the mood, but it also achieved the effect he was hoping for; it reminded everyone around him of the price of victory.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141: Lothars Demise
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks passed, and while Berengar was acclimating to the peaceful environment of Kufstein after having been at war for so long. Count Lothar and his rebel supporters were being dragged to Munich, which had recently been captured by Duke Wilmar, where they waited for Count Otto's return before marching on Landshut.

Inside a carriage designed to hold prisoners, Lothar sat in the corner, his back resting against the cold iron bars as he struggled for warmth. The ice-cold air of winter permeated between the gaps of the iron bars and sucked the heat from his body. Beside him were his vassals who had supported him in his rebellion, or at least the few who survived the disastrous siege of Vienna. Lothar's face had not changed since his capture; he had been scowling ever since, thinking over what he could have done to achieve victory.

As he stared into space, he overheard the knight's tasked with escorting his prison carriage, mocking him.

"The mighty Count Lothar, look at him now. Defeated at Vienna, having his lands usurped by an upstart Viscount, even his own Son and heir denounced him and his actions. Pathetic..."

These words stirred Lothar from his stupor; he had not been aware of what happened outside of Vienna as he and his forces were trapped inside the city walls during the majority of Berengar's conquest of Tyrol. He quickly rose from his seated and climbed over to the area where the guards were talking, peering at them. However, the flat of a sword quickly smacked upon his hands as he grasped ahold of the iron bars, forcing him back into the cage.

This action instantly provoked the laughter of the Knights as they mocked the pitiful position the once-mighty Count Lothar had fallen to. However, Lothar did not care about that; he needed to know what happened to his home. As such, he quickly asked the Knights about the information.

"What you said... Is it true?"

The Knights nodded and grinned as they chastised Lothar for his failure; they were all too happy to provide him with the information about what happened to his home while he was trapped in Vienna.

"Some people are calling Berengar a War-Saint. The man led a small army of 5,000 men and conquered all of Tyrol and the nearby Prince-Bishopric of Trent in a little over two months. Innsbruck was the second place to fall to him. After capturing your family and dragging them back to Kufstein, your son Liutbert denounced you and your treachery; he even pledged his loyalty to Berengar, going so far as to proclaim him a man worthy of your title! Your own family thinks of you as nothing more than a backstabbing scoundrel!"

Naturally, the rumors had inflated Berengar's victory; if not for the conscripts which added 5,000 men to his armies and the thousands of levies who fought beside him, he would not have so rapidly seized the territory. However, it was still quite the feat, one which was mostly achieved through superior firepower.

Lothar was shocked by this news and struggled to come to terms with it. The incessant mocking which followed completely went unnoticed by the traitorous Count. Instead, he sunk back into the corner of his cell and began to piece together what had lead to his downfall. In a masterful move by Berengar, his own daughter turned against him, luring a quarter of his army to their certain deaths. Where Berengar then waged a lightning war in Tyrol, cutting off all support from arriving in Vienna which was practically on the other side of the Duchy. By being over-eager, and over-ambitious Lothar had left himself completely shut off from his allies back in his own territory and left them to fend for themselves against a powerful foe. With no support, and a large chunk of his forces missing, Otto was able to trap him and defeat his forces with ease.

Count Lothar sighed heavily; he fully realized the faults he had made in this war. They stemmed from a combination of being a poor father, underestimating his enemies, and immediately going for the enemy capital without establishing a supply line. Only now he realized why Berengar had sold him such high-quality equipment for such a fair price. Because Berengar had already outfitted his own soldiers with some form of armor and weaponry far superior to what he was selling. Berengar had outmaneuvered him at every turn. The worst part of it all was that Count Lothar was not even mad; what he felt was overwhelming respect for how Berengar had played him since the beginning.

After reflecting on his life choices in silence for some time, the Carriage finally pulled into the city square of Munich, where a platform was constructed in the middle of the area, soldiers and civilians alike had gathered to witness the event, and upon seeing the platform, Lothar instantly realized what awaited him. He and his allies would be beheaded publically for all to witness. The moment the carriage stopped, the other Lords within the cell began to panic and struggle, yet they were all pulled out one at a time by the Knights and brought up to the platform. Though they were not able to see the results, everyone knew what was happening, and as such, they did everything they could to escape. All except for Lothar, who sat in his corner with cold, dead eyes. He had already accepted what was to come.

Over an hour passed, and finally, he was all that remained within the carriage; when the guards came to escort him, he did not even resist in the slightest. He wobbled onto the platform with a defeated expression and gazed upon the crowd who jeered him and threw produce and cow pies at him. By the time he reached the chopping block, he was already covered in filth, not that he was in pristine condition before.

Standing in the crowd was Duke Wilmar, who was fully armored and surrounded by his House Guard; a chilling smile was on his face as he stared into Count Lothar's lifeless eyes as the man was placed headfirst onto the chopping block.

Finally, Count Otto began reading his charges, who announced his crimes to the realm and his sentence.

"Count Lothar, For the crimes of rebelling against your Liege and laying siege to his lands in an attempt to usurp his position, you are hereby found guilty and sentenced to death! You and your family's lands and titles are hereby forfeit, where they shall be henceforth be granted to Viscount Berengar von Kufstein and his family for perpetuity. May God have mercy on your soul!"

Hearing that last part, a bitter smile formed on Lothar's face as he stared into Duke Wilmar's eyes. In the end, Lothar had lost everything, and the young Viscount, who started as a Baron's son, who Lothar once believed to be a sickly fool, had inherited his position. It was truly a fitting end. The last thing Lothar saw as the executioner's blade came swinging down upon his neck was the sight of a violent crowd cursing him to damnation and the shocked expression on Wilmar's face when he realized that Lothar was smiling.

Afterward, everything faded black for Count Lothar, and his head was separated from his shoulders; his blood pooled out from the gaping hole in his neck where his head once belonged. The rebellion was over, Berengar had won, and was now officially declared a Count. Lothar would forever be remembered as a stepping stone on Berengar's rise to power.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142: Consolidation of Power
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

News quickly spread of County Lothar's execution and the forfeiture of his lands in favor of Berengar and his Dynasty. In the year since Berengar had been reincarnated into this world, he had gone from a lowly Baron's son to the Count of Tyrol. The young man was quite satisfied with his accomplishments, and despite his grand ambitions to unify the German-speaking regions, he knew these plans could not be rushed. As such, while the rest of Germany was at war, Berengar was tasked by Duke Wilmar to protect Tyrol from potential enemy advances through the Bavarian alps, which he was more than happy to do.

Now was the time for expansion, not just in military matters but industrial, agricultural, and educational sectors as well. Thus Berengar was hard at work putting through a series of executive orders, which allowed him to bypass the rudimentary parliament he had constructed. As per usual, the parliamentary system was more symbolic than it was practical. Their practical purpose was to decrease the workload on Berengar's shoulders, while symbolically, they represented the people's interests.

The first matter of business was to change the capital of Tyrol to Kufstein; with a stroke of a quill, the city that had been the political and economic center of the region for centuries had been shifted to Berengar's homeland. As for Industrial expansion, it was time to create a second Industrial city. Innsbruck was perfect for the role; it was nearby and maintained by a loyal member of what he considered to be his family; after all, Liutbert was his lover's brother. Thus he was practically an in-law.

Berengar had made Liutbert the Viscount of Innsbruck and his Chancellor, at least until a time where he could expand his power and make the man a proper Count like he was born to be. As such, he tasked the man with leading the charge to reform Innsbruck's, defenses, industry, and agriculture. As for military concerns, Berengar had begun to spread his military reforms across the entire region; due to the number of men who had died in the civil war, there were not many men-at-arms left to oppose him, and those that remained would not have the guts to do so.

Though the Lords of Tyrol were greatly outraged by the military reforms which stripped their feudal powers to raise their own forces, there was not much they could do as their armies were exhausted, and they knew the power Berengar had in his hands. As such young men of military age began being conscripted across the region and sent to Bernegar's training facilities to be indoctrinated into his military, they would undergo political indoctrination as a part of their training. It was a system designed to break down the old identity of the feudal regions among his forces, enforce the idea of a German Nation, and ensure loyalty to Berengar and his Dynasty.

Once the lords had time to lick their wounds, they would undoubtedly prepare for rebellion; after all, the stripping of certain parts of their feudal powers was not a popular reform, even among the nobility of his own region. Though the local nobles of Kufstein had come to accept these reforms, the rest of the Tyrolean noblemen would not be so easily persuaded. Not only did Berengar have to prepare to put down a future rebellion, but he also had to prepare for the Teutonic invasion that is currently marching towards his borders.

Speaking of which, Linde had a report in her hands, which she placed on Berengar's desk. With Berengar's return, she had resumed her position as his spymaster, but in reality, she spent most of her time looking after their child. However, at the moment, the child was with Henrietta while she informed Berengar of the latest news regarding the Teutonic Army marching on their borders.

"They have doubled their numbers through their marches. The moment they entered German territories, they began forcefully conscripted levies from the regions they passed by. Considering the majority of the Holy Roman Empire was in chaos at the moment, nobody has been able to stop them from doing so. Though the levies are not well equipped, they can be used as cannon fodder to overrun our numbers. At the rate we are currently going, we will be able to field a small division of between 10,000 - 15,000 men when they reach our borders. However, that will be less than half of the Teutonic Army's numbers by the time they enter Tyrol. Unless we resort to drafting men from the garrisons, it will be a tough battle."

Berengar contemplated Linde's words carefully; the Teutonic Army started with 10,000 men. Still, now they were at roughly 20,000 men with several more months of marching before they reached Tyrol; at the rate of their expansion, they will easily have 30,000 men by the time they arrived at his borders. However, if he transferred men from the garrisons he stationed across Tyrol, he would be inviting the Lords of Tyrol to take advantage of the crisis against him and start a rebellion, forcing him into a two-war front. He could never allow this to happen.

There were two options on Berengar's hands, lure the enemy into Kufstein, where he could use the near-impenetrable city walls to his advantage, or confront them in a field battle while being heavily outnumbered. Such a battle would be massive and would undoubtedly result in melee combat. Berengar's greatest advantage would be to field rifled muskets in large numbers and wear down the enemy forces at a distance with gunfire and artillery shells before they finally clashed. As such, he came to a decision and announced his plan to Linde.

"If we withdraw forces from our garrisons to increase our field army, the result would be an unmitigated disaster. Therefore I will confront the Teutonic Army in the field with as many men as we can muster."

Though Linde feared this would be the option Berengar would take, deep down, she knew he would never hide behind Kufstein's walls while the Teutonic Order ravaged his land. She merely sighed as she listened to Berengar as he explained his plans.

"I will increase the conversion and production of 1417/18 Rifled Muskets and will seek to draw the enemy forces to an area whose terrain gives me an advantage. With this, we have a much higher chance of defeating the enemy. Inform the spies to continue monitoring the Teutonic forces; I want to know about any potential growth as quickly as possible."

Linde nodded her head in response and smiled

"Of course, master, anything for you!"

With that said, Linde was dismissed, and Berengar returned to the pile of work on his hands. After returning to a mountain of paperwork, he greatly missed the days of battle where he was free to act as he pleased. Nevertheless, a Count's work was never finished, and Tyrol greatly needed agricultural industrial, and economic reforms. As such, he quickly got back to signing executive orders that would one day transform Tyrol into the seat of power of the future German Empire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143: It is Only Natural for Siblings to Share
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In Graz, Adela currently sat at her desk reading a letter in her hands which Berengar wrote. As usual, it expressed his desire to meet up with his young fiancee, and of course, he boasted about his achievements in battle. The fact that Berengar had become a Count greatly pleased the teenage youth. It meant that she would become a Countess, much like her mother once she married Berengar. Though she knew Berengar was destined for great things, she had no idea that she would be Empress of a unified German Empire one day. As such, she was content with Berengar's gains and knew he was most likely dreadfully busy consolidating his power.

Adela was not aware that the Teutonic Order was marching on Tyrol and had no worries about Berengar's immediate future. He was home, and he was safe, and that was all that mattered to the young girl. She had greatly desired to visit Kufstein, but in a time such as this that was filled with chaos and uncertainty, the roads to her fiance's home would not be safe. Thus despite her protests, she was locked away in the Castle of Graz under her family's orders.

As far as she was aware, her father, Count Otto, had marched with Duke Wilmar's forces onto Landshut after capturing Munich, which was the seat of the Duke of Bavaria's power. The war in Bavaria had entered a new stage of intensity as the Duke of Bavaria was outraged by the fact that his home had been seized. Luckily for him, his family had fled the city before it was fully captured and were staying with a loyal Lord in a safer region of his territory. However, despite this, the Duke of Bavaria marched half of his forces from the North back into Bavaria to halt the advance of the Austrian host which had invaded his lands.

To Adela, the war was inconsequential as, aside from some fighting in Tyrol, and Vienna it had not yet spread to the borders of Austria. Even if it had, Berengar's mighty army was essentially the home defenders while the Duke was off fighting with his main army in Bavaria. If Graz were to ever come under siege, Berengar would surely come to her rescue.

After thinking about her situation, Adela wrote a letter back to Berengar congratulating him on his gains and impressive victory. She also expressed her desire to see him again but explained her current circumstances that prevented such a reunion. By the time she had finished writing it, the message was nothing more than a love letter that resembled that which was written by a young girl to her crush.

However, shortly after finishing writing her love letter to her fiance, Adela heard a knock on her door, which startled her, spilling her ink container all over the letter and thoroughly ruining it. She was greatly displeased by this event but had no way of controlling it; as such, she rapidly cleaned up the mess before storming over to the door with a pouting expression on her face.

After opening the door, Adela noticed her eldest sister standing in the doorway. She was roughly the age of Berengar and had long since been married to the son of another Count within Austria; in fact, the young woman known as Ava von Salzburg had not been to her family's home in quite some time and was quite excited to see her youngest sister and how much she had grown. After all, she lived with her husband and three children in Salzburg, Austria, where she was married to the Count's eldest son.

Seeing how much Adela had grown over the years, the beautiful and busty woman that was Adela's older sister quickly grabbed ahold over the little girl and squeezed her tightly with a wide grin on her face.

"Little Adela, you have grown so much!"

Adela struggled to get out of her eldest sister's grasp, but unfortunately, she could not break free from the tight grip that encompassed her and nearly suffocated as her tiny heart-shaped face was stuffed into Ava's massive cleavage.

It was only after Adela ended her resistance to the hug that the tall and curvy woman finally released her grasp. Afterward, Adela backed away from her overly affectionate big sister and pouted, which quickly led to Ava noticing that something was going on in the background. She quickly deduced that there was an ink-stained sheet of paper, and when ava noticed the look on Adela's face, she quickly smiled sinisterly and began to tease her little sister.

"Adela, were you perhaps writing a love letter? I heard that you have gotten yourself quite the capable fiance!"

Adela's face cute face quickly flushed with embarrassment as she immediately denied the allegations in the most obvious attempt to cover up her actions.

"Of course not! Why would I write such a thing?!"

Seeing her little sister acting so sheepishly, Ava licked her lips like a wolf gazing at its prey and advanced closer to Adela before whispering in her ear

"I heard he is really handsome. Do you mind if I have a taste?"

Ava was not genuinely interested in Berengar as she was happily married. Her husband was decent-looking enough and came from a high noble family, whereas Berengar was merely an upstart. Despite this, Ava could not resist the urge to tease Adela and make her angry. Adela, of course, instantly fell into Ava's trap and behaved exactly as the sly woman had expected; she pushed Ava away and began yelling at her while throwing a little tantrum.

"Absolutely not! You are disgusting! Why would you even suggest something like that!?!

Seeing that Adela had reacted so adorably to her joke, Ava went in for the kill; she just loved the cute expression on Adela's face when she was angry.

"Why not? We are siblings; after all, it is only natural for us to share! After all, I heard that fiance of yours already has a mistress, so clearly, you are not against the idea of sharing your man..."

This touched on Adela's reverse scale, she was fine sharing Berengar with Linde since the two young women had come to some degree of an arrangement, but she absolutely would never allow her big sister to lay claim to her man. Of course, if Adela knew that Ava was teasing her, and in reality, looked down on her for marrying a man from a family of such low nobility, she would only be more infuriated as such her response to Ava's provocation was far more civil than it could have been.

"Get out of my room Ava; I have no interest in having this conversation with you and your filthy mind!"

Thus Adela struggled to push her eldest sister out of her room which continued to tease Adela on her way out.

"Oh, come on!"

"You are being unfair!"

"Just one bite!"

and with that last remark, Ava was forced out of her room, and the door was slammed behind her. While Adela was fuming inside her quarters, sitting with her back to the door and her face resting on her knees. Ava was smiling in excitement on the opposite side of the thick wooden door; after all, her little sister was just too cute when provoked in such a manner!

.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144: Construction of Monuments
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With a relatively stable peace encapsulating the mountainous region of Tyrol following Berengar's conquest, the young Count took the time to establish the construction of several monuments since his return. Each monument was crafted for different aspects of propaganda. The first of these monuments to be constructed was intended to represent the personal glory and authority of Berengar von Kufstein. The monument was constructed on a similar scale and design to that of the Hermannsdenkmal statue from Germany in Berengar's previous life.

The monument was placed on a hill above the city of Kufstein, which overlooked its region as an eternal guardian. The large statue was meticulously crafted out of bronze to represent Berengar's figure perfectly. The statue itself was designed with Berengar mounted upon his trusty steed Erwin, though the horse itself lacked his barding, and Berengar was dressed in his exquisite three quarter's plate armor. With a pair of cavalry boots that went up to the knees of his Landschneckt like attire, the statue was designed without Berengar's waffenrock, his iron skull cap, and feathered cap. In one hand, Berengar held his 1417 Heavy Cavalry saber and pointed it in the direction of the city of Rome.

The position of the statue, and especially that of its sword, was a twofold statement. First and foremost, brandishing his sword towards Rome represented the ancient Germanic people's struggle against the Roman Empire. The second meaning behind it was a sign of resistance towards the Papacy and its corruption. As well as a provocation towards Berengar's personal enemy, being Pope Simeon II

Nearly a month had passed since Berengar returned from Tyrol, and during that time, the construction of this grand monument was finished; when it was finally complete, Berengar stood before the symbol and smiled. It was truly a magnificent piece of art and showed that the level of craftsmanship of his people was beginning to advance to the era of the renaissance. After all, Berengar had inspired his people to take up the arts; however, he himself could never teach art as he was woefully inept at the subject; he could at least create a society that allowed artisans and craftsmen to explore the depths of their talent. The fact that the statue was so grand proved that he had made the right decision to spend a small portion of the treasury to subsidize artists and craftsmen with great potential.

Standing next to Berengar gazing upon the magnificent display was Linde, who was holding her child in her hands; she gazed between the immaculate facial features of her lover, and that of his statue and praised the work.

"It looks exactly like you!"

Berengar's grin could not get any wider, for so long this medieval world was devoid of any form of advanced art, since the collapse of the Roman Empire, the art of the European world had suffered greatly, regressing to a laughable point, and yet for the first time in centuries a grand creation had taken place in Europe that was on par with the major works of classical antiquity!? He could not contain the excitement he had for the other monuments being constructed; if his personal statue turned out this well, then the others should be even more grandiose!

After staring at his own statue, Berengar finally responded to Linde's claim with a nod.

"It is marvelous; I did not expect it to turn out so well. Truly the talent I have fostered over the past few months has been worth it!"

Berengar was not exaggerating about taking some degree of credit for the project; after all, it was his vision that had come into reality, and without his economic support, the artists of his territory would not be able to afford to improve their skills full time. Though Berengar lacked the ability to create art itself, his mind was filled with creative ideas that could be expanded upon and turned into masterpieces when explained to a proper artisan.

Berengar would never take full credit for the masterpiece; in his eyes, he supplied a basic outline of the project, and the funding needed to achieve it, which he believed to be a minimal contribution, the credit of such a magnificent monument and the glory that came with it was left entirely in the hands of the artisans and craftsmen who brought it into this world.

The lead designer of the statue walked over to Berengar and noticed the Count's wide grin; as such, he was greatly pleased to see that Berengar enjoyed the piece. However, he still felt like asking if it turned out as Berengar had wished as such, he voiced his thoughts.

"I hope it is to your liking, your excellency!"

Berengar immediately snapped back to reality after being entranced by the monument, went up to the project lead, and happily shook his hand.

"Gerlach, you and your team have really outdone yourselves. It is truly inspiring; this monument will stand as a testament to the power of our people for centuries to come!"

Though the man named Gerlach knew that the statue was more related to Berengar's personal prestige and the authority of his Dynasty, it was still great to hear such praise. In truth, this was not the only project Gerlach was working on; he was also overseeing the construction of the monument dedicated to those who had fallen in Schwaz, which was being constructed on the site of the Ambush in which Berengar and his forces had suffered on that cold winter's night. As such, the man discussed the progress with the other monument with which he was tasked.

"I am glad to hear that your excellency is pleased! I want to inform you that the Monument to the fallen soldiers at Schwaz is fully under construction and will be finished in a few months."

Due to the much larger scale of the monument in Schwaz, Berengar was pleased with the timeframe. However, he did not have the time to enjoy the statue any longer. He was needed back in Kufstein. As such, the young Count addressed the artisan before departing.

"Excellent! keep up the good work. I expect great things from you. However, I am needed elsewhere, so I am afraid we must save the rest of this conversation for another time. I wish you the best of luck in your endeavors."

With that said, Berengar and Linde left the monument and enjoyed their stroll back to the Castle in Kufstein. He had a lot of work to do when he returned, and as such, he enjoyed the brief time he had with his lover before he threw himself back into an endless pile of paperwork. The Teutonic Order was rapidly advancing onto Kufstein, and it would be within the borders of Tyrol shortly. At this point, Berengar had at most two months before they arrived, and preparations needed to be made as such Berengar would be extremely busy in the coming months.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145: God Wills It!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

An army bearing the legendary white field with the black cross upon it marched through the town of Suhl; the Teutonic Order was close to the region of Bavaria. After making their stop in Suhl, and resupplying the army would advanced forwards through the Bavarian Alps and into Tyrol, where they would raze Berengar's lands to the ground. Or at least that was the plan. Currently, the Teutonic Order was conscripting as many men from the town as possible into their army. Young or old, as long as they were capable of bearing arms, they were stripped from the towns the Teutonic Army visited and placed into their ranks as levies.

In the middle of the town, a scene displayed itself as a thirteen-year-old boy was dragged away from his mother's arms and lined up into the ranks of the new levies. The mother begged with tears to knights who had snatched her child, yet for all her effort, the woman was only rewarded with a swift kick to the stomach, dropping her to her knees as she bawled in misery. Across this town and every village, the Teutonic Order had come across similar scenes such as this had become the norm. The ruthlessness of the Teutonic Army under Lambert's command knew no bounds, and they were even willing to slaughter the families of those who refused to join the service of their great crusade.

Though this village was different than the others in which they previously passed. As the cruelty of the Teutonic Order was displayed for the villagers to see, some of them began to gather. The townsfolk quickly formed a mob that began to berate the Teutonic soldiers who had forcefully taken their sons and fathers away from them. What started as a peaceful protest quickly resulted in a full-scale riot. The townsfolk began to push and shove the soldiers of the Teutonic Order and throw produce and filth in their directions.

Things were beginning to spiral out of control when Lambert arrived on horseback; seeing the lowly peasants dare to defy his orders, Lambert got off of his horse and took off his great bascinet revealing his charming face for all to see. The solution to this problem was simple; he would preach how it was the will of God for the men of this village to embark on a holy crusade to put down the Heretics in Tyrol. Berengar's reformation had already begun to spread rapidly; words of Berengar's rapid conquest of Tyrol had spread quickly and had been taken as a sign of divine retribution against the traitor Lothar. However, Lambert was more concerned with bringing down his brother and ending his rise to power than he was with fulfilling the duties of his task to end the Berengar Heresy in its entirety.

As such, he took a diplomatic approach and approached the angry mob, attempting to placate them with a sermon.

"Citizens of Suhl, I understand your complaints, but our Order is on a mission from the Pope himself! We require the assistance of every man and youth capable of bearing arms to bring down the wretched Berengar Heresy which has begun to fester in these lands. Only by cutting off the head of the serpent known as Berengar the Accursed can the will of God be restored to these lands."

Lambert did not know that many of the townsfolk were what would later become known as German Reformists, and they held Berengar in high regard. As such, a courageous young man who appeared to be a wealthy merchant or the son of one stood before the crowd and began to defend Berengar in front of the Teutonic Order, who had been tasked with his elimination.

"Who are you to declare Berengar a Heretic? I have read the bible, which he has translated into our language, and given the ability for all men, regardless of their birth, the ability to comprehend the word of God! Not a single one of his views and that of the Priest Ludolf goes against the teachings of Christ as is written in the scripture. If anything, it is the Pope who is the heretic, as many of the claims of the Catholic Church are not written in the word of the apostles or Christ himself! Berengar is a pious and enlightened man who acts against the corruption of the ecclesiarchy, and for that, you all wish to silence him! Have you no guilt?"

As the man spoke, the entirety of the mob began to agree with him and further chastised the Teutonic Order for their actions; if anything, they were even more outraged now that they knew the intentions of this army and were unwilling to stand by and do nothing when such a large army was tasked with hunting down the head of their reformation! Quickly things got out of hand, and Lambert was not handling it well. Hearing the villagers take Berengar's side enraged him to his very core. How could Berengar's influence reach so far that these filthy peasants were willing to defy the authority of the Teutonic Order and, by extension, the papacy! This was outrageous!? As Lambert was fuming with anger, a small child threw a cow pie in his face and shouted at him.

"Go away, you evil men!"

With this action, something snapped in Lambert's mind, and he instinctively gripped the hilt of his sword where he quickly unsheathed the blade sword in a smooth chopping motion; he cut off the head of the child who was no older than eight. The head of the child slowly rolled on the floor as blood sprayed onto Lambert's white tabard. A loud shriek filled the air, which belonged to the child's mother, who just witnessed her own son get decapitated before her eyes.

Horrified and enraged by Lambert's actions, the mob quickly clashed with the soldiers of the Teutonic Order; they were no longer thinking rationally and had decided in the heat of the moment to enact justice on these heavily armed and well-trained soldiers. Seeing that the mob had taken up arms against him, Lambert sneered in disdain and gave the order above the crowd's shouts to the men under his command.

"This village is filled with heretics, kill them all and burn the town to ashes! God wills it!"

Despite witnessing their commanding officer murder a child in cold blood, not a single one of the fanatic soldiers of the Teutonic Order cared, for, in their minds, the little boy was a heretic and deserved his fate. Instead, they all raised their weapons and began to massacre the townsfolk. Their victims could see the fierce zealotry contained within their eyes as the crusaders screamed their war chant over and over again.

"God wills it!"

With that, the entire population of Suhl was massacred, their town was burned to the ground, and the perpetrators confiscated their grain and livestock. By morning there would not be a single soul left alive within the confines of the once proud town; only blood and ash would remain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146: Grand Ambitions
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The snow on the ground began to melt as spring had begun to arrive; throughout Berengar's winter campaign, he had dealt with many difficulties, but as the breath of life filled the air around him, he felt as if he was embarking upon a new world. In front of him was a small village within the borders of the Viscounty of Kufstein. It was one of the many small villages throughout his homeland. Around this village, which housed a few hundred people, were the steel-reinforced concrete brick walls in the formation of a star fortress similar to those surrounding Kufstein.

Throughout his war for Tyrol, Linde did not disappoint Berengar. As the person responsible for maintaining Berengar's plans while he was away; she had overseen the construction of Star fortresses around the Viscounty of Kufstein, and after many months nearly all of them were complete. The value of these mighty bastions and the cannons mounted upon them could not be underestimated. After all, they had played a critical role in the defense of Kufstein against Lothar's forces.

Beside Berengar was one of the men in charge of these construction efforts, and he gazed at the structure with a proud gleam in his eyes. As such, he could not prevent himself from commenting on the powerful defenses of such a small and seemingly insignificant agricultural village.

"Magnificient, is it not?"

Berengar nodded with approval as he took in the sight of the structurte. While the village itself was protected by the mighty start fortress, which a company of soldiers garrisoned, the agricultural fields were outside the walls, creating a beautiful scene of planted fields and fortification. Berengar's ambitions did not end with Kufstein; he intended to construct these mighty fortresses around every major inhabited region within Tyrol, forming the mountainous County into the heartland of his future German Empire.

The expense would be great, but with the increase in territory he had gained and the plethora of natural resources, he could afford to build it. Berengar rode into the town on horseback surrounded by a group of Cuirassiers who acted as his personal guard for the moment. It was a small agricultural town, yet its walls made it seem like an important fortress. The locals peacefully coexisted with the garrison tasked with defending them, oftentimes offering them food and water as they stood guard among the ramparts of the mighty concrete walls.

When the local villagers noticed that the man riding through their village was the Count of Tyrol himself, they instantly cleared a path for him out of respect. Many young women began to gossip among themselves as they were able to witness the majestic appearance of the infamous Berengar first-hand. Among the population of the Viscounty of Kufstein, Berengar had become quite the legend. His rise to power and defiance of the corruption of the Church had begun being spread by wandering minstrels. Though these bardic epics greatly exaggerated his achievements, they quickly captured the imagination of the common populace, acting as a source of inspiration in their daily lives.

However, despite the good light in which he was depicted in these songs, few were bold enough to approach Berengar as he was a man of great importance and power, and to offend him would surely mean one's demise, or so they believed. Berengar noticed this trend, and for the first time, began to realize that a sense of respect for his character had been fostered among his people. Still, it existed alongside an intense feeling of fear toward's his power and prestige. The two emotions co-existed perfectly to create a harmonious balance within the minds of his citizens.

To be both feared and respected was a balance few had ever achieved in life, and yet that was what Berengar had begun to cultivate in the wake of his overwhelming victories. After reaching the town center, Berengar dismounted from his horse and looked around at the environment. Despite having a garrison of 120 infantry, and an artillery battery, the walls were designed so that such a small force could easily defend the village long enough for reinforcements to arrive. Though it may take years, or possibly even decades to achieve, one day Tyrol would be filled with such fortifications, making it virtually impossible for the armies of this world to dethrone Berengar in his seat of power.

Berengar knew that the more territory he conquered, the more he would have to spend time and effort introducing his reforms; in his lifetime, he would be lucky to industrialize the entirety of his future Empire; in fact, the likelihood was that he would leave behind a legacy of industrialization for his successors to accomplish. Nevertheless, Berengar would make sure that in this life, he would unite the German-speaking regions into a single Empire and conquer enough colonies overseas to secure German hegemony for centuries to come.

As Berengar gazed upon this beautiful agricultural town, which was just one of many throughout Tyrol. It may not have seemed like it would play a key component in his plans, but the fortifications that surrounded this village and one day the majority of Tyrol would give him the internal stability needed to focus his efforts on conquest for years to come. After looking at the degree of security that allowed the people of this town to live in a happy and carefree environment, despite a massive war going on, Berengar realized that the expense of expanding this project to encompass all of the inhabited regions of Tyrol was well worth it.

Without such a powerful defense network, these villagers who went about their daily tasks with a friendly smile might be subjected to the horrors of war. A reality in which Berengar thought was far too cruel for the good people of his realm. As such, Berengar looked over at the architect who had lead the construction project for this town, and instructed him to do the inconceivable.

"I want more villages like this, as many as you and the other architects can build! I want Tyrol to become a symbol of my power! I do not care the degree of funding and manpower you will need to accomplish this, just make sure that you do not cut any corners in the process."

The architect looked at Berengar as if he was a mad man; the expense to build a star fortress like this was no minor sum; to build these across all of Tyrol would easily cost a fortune. Nevertheless, Berengar was adamant, and despite the expense, he knew he could pay for it. This war across Germany was bound to last for years, and where there is war, there is profit to be made. With the new industrial sector of Innsbruck nearing completion Berengar would have double the industrial power and could supply all the factions of this war with arms and armor necessary to maintain their armies.

After seeing the daring expression in Berengar's eyes that appeared as if he was challenging the heavens with his ambitions, the architect gulped the saliva which had accumulated in his mouth and bowed his head respectfully to the young Count.

"Your Excellency, I will do as you command!"

With this, Berengar's plans to transform the entirety of the County of Tyrol into an impenetrable mountainous enclave had begun. Though it would take years, possibly even decades to complete, by the end of this ambitious initiative, one day in the distant future, the people of Tyrol would live in the most secure region of the world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147: Contact with the Byzantines
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A man with short dark hair in the form of a caesar cut and emerald green eyes sat within the confines of his luxurious carriage. He was in his late twenties and quite handsome, so much so that he could give Berengar a run for his money. He had the regal features of a Roman patrician, and he wore lavish silk robes in the style that was common among the upper echelon of the aristocracy of the Byzantine Empire. Even though the German realm was currently in a state of total war, he had traveled across Europe for many months in an attempt to gain an audience with the man known as Berengar von Kufstein.

Berengar had long since made use of the trade networks throughout Europe and the Mediterranean to acquire silk from the Byzantine Empire to fulfill the demands for his textile industry. However, his name did not carry much weight in the eastern world. After all, even now as a Count, he was not a significant figure in the world's affairs.

His most well-known quality was being declared as a heretic by the Catholic Church. Though the Orthodox Church was a separate branch of Christianity from the Catholics, they were still quite amicable with their western brothers in this timeline. As such, being declared a heretic by the Catholic church practically carried over to the Eastern Orthodox Church. Yet, the man in the carriage did not care about such details. Instead, he had a business proposal for Berengar in which he believed the young Count could not refuse.

The man arriving in Kufstein shortly was a powerful nobleman who held the equivalent position of a Duke in the Byzantine aristocracy. Supposedly, Arethas Maniakes could trace his lineage to one of the greatest Roman Emperors of all time, Aurelian. A man who was so profound, he quite possibly could have prevented the collapse of the Roman Empire if the treacherous Praetorian Guard had not assassinated him before his work was finished.

Arethas was in his own right an exemplary statesman and General, having personally led the charge into Egypt in years prior. He secured a foothold in the war against the Mamluke Sultanate, which currently held control over the region. However, despite his impressive victories that had allowed the Byzantines to acquire their advantage in Egypt, he could not believe the rumors he had heard about Berengar.

If Berengar knew a powerful Strategos of the Byzantine Empire was coming to meet him, he would have prepared a feast; after all, such a position was far higher than he currently held. Yet, the man decided to show up unannounced to test Berengar and his character. A nobleman from another region coming into your territory unannounced was a sign of disrespect, and this was not unknown to Arethas.

However, when the man laid his eyes on the intricate defenses of the City of Kufstein, he could not help but be impressed. Such mighty walls were comparable to the Theodosian walls of Constantinople, no... they might even be superior in defensive capabilities. After arriving at the checkpoint of the city's gates. Arethas noticed that the garrison was all wearing a degree of plate armor and carrying strange weapons slung across their backs.

Though he did not know how these weapons functioned and were less impressed with them, his attention was drawn to the impressive armor the troops wore, just how wealthy was Berengar to equip all of his troops in plate armor! Even if it only covered their torso, back, neck, thighs, and head. It was enough to protect the vital points of their bodies without limiting mobility. The garrison allowed him to pass after hearing the man was a powerful representative from the Byzantine Empire. As such, his carriage and escort quickly rode into the city of Kufstein, which was filled with tenements, homes, shops, and all kinds of wonders. It was no longer a small agricultural town but a full-fledged city, though much of it was still undergoing construction.

Despite being attracted by the nature of the City, which was much smaller than Constantinople, yet still was grand in its own right. The Strategos made his way towards the Castle, where the Castle's guards abruptly stopped him. Arethas stepped out of the carriage and explained his reasoning for visiting. He spoke in German with a thick Greek accent, which did not go unnoticed by the sentries.

"I am Strategos Arethas Maniakes from the Byzantine Empire; I have come to discuss a business transition with the Count of this region."

Confused with the man's identity, the guards did not react at first. However, the man seemed to be dressed in luxurious clothing and possibly have a high standing in the Byzantine Empire. As such, they decided to let him pass, but only after confiscating the weapons from him and his guard. Berengar had become quite cautious ever since he took ahold of Tyrol; he would not allow armed visitors in his presence in fear that they might try to assassinate him after all his reforms were becoming quite unpopular among the nobility within Tyrol.

Arethas quickly agreed to these demands and had his guards disarm themselves before entering the Castle's gates. When Arethas entered the Castle, he was not overly impressed; after all, his palace was far more luxurious; of course, he did not know that the Castle was only temporary living for Berengar at this point, while his grand palace, which was loosely based on the Sch?nbrunn Palace from his previous life was being constructed.

After entering the Great Hall, Arethas witnessed Berengar sitting upon his seat of power, with his head resting on his fist. The young Count was currently dressed in luxurious velvet attire in his house's black and gold color scheme. The clothing was, of course, based on Tudor fashion, and he even had a fur-lined sleeveless cloak over his exquisite doublet. A pair of jewels hung from his neck where were made of gold and black garnet.

While sitting upon his seat of power, Berengar exuded a sense of natural authority, so much so that even Arethas, who held a far more prestigious position, could tell that Berengar was not a man to be trifled with. Before Arethas could introduce himself to the fearsome Count, Berengar noticed the man's approach into his Great Hall and gazed upon the man with a stoic expression while expressing his thoughts.

"Who are you, and why should I care?"

Berengar was quite perturbed that his rest had been interrupted by an unknown man from the East. Berengar had been hard at work all day long, and his seat of power was one of the few places he could just sit back and allow his mind a proper recovery. Despite his minor irritation, he could immediately tell by the fashion in which the man wore that he was someone of great importance, yet he had arrived within Berengar's territory, in his home without announcing himself. The level of disrespect shown could not be understated.

Seeing how Berengar reacted, Arethas was quite shocked; the young Count gazed upon him as if he was nothing of worth, and this was quite entertaining to the mighty Strategos. As such, he boldly proclaimed his position within his own society and his intention for arriving.

"I am Strategos Arethas Maniakes; I have traveled far from the borders of the Byzantine Emperor to seek an audience with your Excellency. I have a business proposal that you may be interested in."

Despite the rudeness in which the man had shown, Berengar was quite interested in two things. The man was essentially a Duke within the mighty Byzantine Empire, and he had a business proposal for him. However, despite his interest, Berengar decided to return this man's kindness with an equally rude gesture.

"I am intrigued. However, I am currently busy and will need some time to prepare; come back in three days..."

Ultimately Berengar decided to snub the man; for the time being, the level of disrespect he was shown had to be paid in kind before he could move forward. It was petty, but if he accepted this disrespect, it meant that any nobleman of higher birth could walk over him. As such, he decided to show his authority and sent the man back to the City Below. In the meantime, Berengar had intended to verify this man's identity by inquiring about the so-called Strategos Arethas Maniakes through his trade connections.

Though Arethas wanted to protest, the glaring sapphire eyes which belonged to the young Count sent shivers down his spine. After all, he was disarmed and standing in his great hall which was surrounded by a group of armed men. As such Arethas played it safe and decided to return to the City and rest for a few days before returning. One his way out of the Castle a wide grin appeared across them man's face as he expressed his thoughts aloud.

"Well played..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148: Entertaining the Byzantines I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Throughout the next couple of days, Arethas spent his time going throughout the City of Kufstein and learning about its rapid progress. To think that less than a year ago, Kufstein could at most be considered an agricultural town. Though many regions of the City were still undergoing construction, the fact that the walls had been constructed and decent housing was provided for the area's citizens was astonishing to a man like Arethas.

The city's overall layout was constructed in a way that not only took security status in mind but also made certain districts in place that allowed for organized living. By far, the Industrial District was the largest of these districts, and yet the Trade district was a close second. The greatest part of Kufstein's design is that the walls extended far beyond the currently inhabited regions of the city, allowing for the potential of tens of thousands of more inhabitants to dwell within the city in the future. Of course, another series of walls could always be constructed, if the City grew beyond its current limits.

Though the Industrial district was largely closed off to visitors, seeing such a vast quantity of smoke in the air led Arethas to believe that there was most definitely a massive industrial output created in this city. Though, of course, he would not believe the amount of steel produced every month in Kufstein if he were to hear the exact amount.

Arethas had initially come to Kufstein to secure an exclusive trade agreement with silk; after all, his personal territory grew vast quantities of the material, and he knew Berengar was expending a great sum to acquire it. However, seeing how well equipped Berengar's garrison was, Arethas believed he might be able to import a great deal of iron into the Empire from Tyrol, which would greatly aid the forces of the empire. He had no way of knowing that the blackened half-plate armor in which Berengar's forces wore was actually made out of quenched and tempered steel. After three days, the Byzantine nobleman returned to Berengar's castle and once more stood before him in the Great Hall. Berengar was the first to make conversation.

"I am Count Berengar von Kufstein; you are here in my territory and have arrived unannounced, be grateful for my benevolence, for I have granted you an audience despite the disrespect you have shown me."

Just because Arethas was a man with a position similar to that of a Duke did not mean that Berengar would back down; as such, he decided to emphasize that this meeting was solely due to his good nature and forgiveness. However, Arethas did not seem phased by Berengar's posturing and reintroduced himself with a great deal of confidence.

"I am Strategos Arethas Maniakes. I have traveled a great distance to establish trade with your region. I know that you have a great desire for silk, and I have a large supply of such a material that I am willing to trade. I promise you that if you make me your exclusive trading partner in this regard, I will give you a decent discount on the materials and will be able to fulfill your demand. I have even brought a large quantity of raw silk for you to browse and see if its quality is up to your standards."

Berengar smiled upon hearing the news that the other party had a large amount of silk to sell; acquiring silk for his ever-increasing textile industry's demands was becoming more difficult, incurring a rising expense and a lower profit margin. As such, he was more than happy to negotiate on a price with the man. Thus Berengar got up from his seat and walked down the steps from the platform where his seat of power was placed upon before standing in front of the man face to face.

Berengar was quite a deal taller than Arethas, and as such, he was able to look down upon the man with a smug expression on his face. After arriving before the man, Berengar began to negotiate as he paced around Arethas.

"Assuming you can fulfill your words and satisfy the ever-growing demand for silk, I will be willing to deal exclusively with you under the conditions that I receive a fifteen percent discount. However, I would very much like to see your product before I come to any agreement."

To Berengar, this was a reasonable request; after all, he would be buying in vast quantities and wanted a bulk discount, and such a discount was more than reasonable from the standards of his previous life. Of course, he was willing to negotiate a minimum of ten percent off. However, what surprised him was that Arethas immediately agreed to his terms.

"Such terms are acceptable to me; if you would like to browse my wares, we can go to the trade district in your city where I have left my supplies under the protection of my house guard."

Thus Berengar motioned for a group of his guards standing by to follow him and Arethas into the City below, where they walked around for a bit, capturing the attention of the citizens who began to gossip about the scene. There were many rumors to be made about a lavishly dressed eastern man conversing with Berengar, the Count of Tyrol.

Berengar was well accustomed to such chatter, it was a common occurrence for the locals to gossip about him whenever he would take a stroll through the city, and as such, paid it no mind. Eventually, Arethas and Berengar reached his carts, which contained a massive supply of raw silk cloth. Berengar carefully inspected the material to see any obvious flaws; after a lengthy period of time, he finally smiled and nodded his hand.

"If you can supply this quantity and quality of silk at regular intervals, I believe we can agree."

Arethas returned Berengar's smile and stated with confidence that he would be able to meet his demands.

"I can supply all of this and more every month. My merchant fleet can travel from Ionia to the Adriatic Sea, where they will then travel by caravan into Kufstein. As long as proper protection is provided for them when they enter through Austria, they will certainly arrive in Kufstein within that period of time."

Berengar was instantly happy with this news. Finally, he could expand the trade of the more luxurious textiles and for a decent markup. His profit margins would increase with this deal, and he was pleased with it. After shaking the man's hand, Berengar invited Arethas to share a meal with him in his Castle.

"How about you stay in my Castle for dinner tonight, I promise you, that you will not regret the fine Cuisine of Tyrol!"

After hearing the young Count's offer, Arethas nodded his head in agreement. After all, the more friendly he became with Berengar, the more likely he could get his hands on some of his iron. As such, the shipment of silk was brought to Berengar's textile factories, where it would be converted into velvet and designed into fashionable clothing. Gold exchanged hands between the Strategos and the young Count. Eventually, they returned to the Castle to share a meal to celebrate the new lucrative trade between their two territories. Unknowingly this trade agreement would have important effects on the future of this world and the relationship between the Rising German Empire and the Byzantines to the East.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149: Entertaining the Byzantines II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A small feast was thrown within the confines of the Castel of Kufstein. Sitting at the head of the Table was Berengar, and by his side was Linde. At the table near Linde's position was Henrietta. The only other people present at the table were Arethas and a variety of Byzantine merchants and noblemen who traveled with his Caravan, these men were allowed to dine at the table this night as a show of friendship to the Byzantines. Berengar was quite pleased that the Byzantine Empire maintained significant control over the Mediterranean in this timeline. In contrast, during his past life, they were on the brink of destruction at this point in history. This made establishing trade with the east much easier than dealing with a powerful Muslim Empire.

Even though the Byzantines were Orthodox, they were much more amicable in this world to the Catholics in the west than they were in their previous life, and as such, the two men were able to get along quite well. Especially because Berengar was secretly an atheist and had no plans to discriminate based upon what religion someone might adhere to. For the rest of the medieval world, this open-mindedness was uncommon, to say the least.

Arethas and the Merchants were dining on a variety of German cuisine, which Berengar had long since introduced into Kufstein and by now had spread across Austria and into Bavaria. The Byzantines were far more culturally advanced than their western counterparts due to them being the surviving remnant of the ancient Roman Empire. Because of this, They were quite shocked that such a high level of culinary talent was available in a remote region like Tyrol.? Seeing the satisfied expression on Arethas' face as he dug into the veal schnitzel, Berengar could not prevent himself from asking about the man's opinion.

"So, what do you think about Tyrolean cuisine?"

After being asked such a question, Arethas slowly chewed on the food and savored its taste before washing it down with a doppelbock beer. Since Berengar first established his breweries, the first batch of doppelbock beer had recently been released. As a beer connoisseur, Berengar was quite pleased with the result. It was apparent by the look on the Byzantine nobleman's face that he was not the only one who enjoyed the hearty taste of the strong German beer.? It was only after several moments had passed and Arethas had time to enjoy the serving he had just devoured that he was able to answer Berengar's question.

"Truly, it is sublime. I have not had such a fantastic foreign meal in years. The last time I had such an exquisite dish from a foreign country was when I visited India!"

Growing up in a globalized world from his previous life, Berengar was quite accustomed to eastern-style foods. He was a big fan of curry from various countries, including India; as such, his mouth salivated thinking about having a curried rice dish. Berengar had once experimented with eating curried rice with tortilla chips in his previous life, acting as if the rice dish was a dip. It turned out to be quite tasty; at least in his opinion, of course, everyone else thought he was a weirdo for doing such a thing.

Thinking about such memories, Berengar could not wait for the point where he acquired some coastal territory to build a great fleet that could sail across Asia and acquire the spices necessary to recreate some of his favorite dishes from the continent. However, he was stuck in a landlocked region for now, and unless he expanded through force or coercion, he would not be able to acquire such valuable territory. Both of those options took time to prepare for.

Arethas had his eyes on Linde for quite some time now; after all, she was an exceptional beauty, and as such, he could not stop himself from praising her.

"Berengar, your wife is among the gorgeous women I have ever seen. You are a lucky man."

Hearing herself be referred to as Berengar's wife, Linde began to blush as she shifted her attention to the food on the table. Berengar chuckled at Arethas' comment. However, he did not intend to spoil Linde's fun, and as such, did not clarify that she was, in fact, his lover, not his wife.

"Linde is the mother of my child and the companion of my heart; as you say, I am truly a lucky man to have her by my side."

Seeing as how Berengar did not correct Arethas, Linde decided to play the part of a dutiful wife and made her stance clear.

"Berengar is the only man I will ever love; it is I who am grateful to be afforded the privilege to live by his side."

Seeing the genuine expression on the exquisite young woman's face, Arethas mistook them for a happy newlywed couple and decided to shift the topic to something more important.

"Berengar, I do not intend to be rude, so forgive me if I am out of place, but I noticed a great deal of smoke rising from your industrial sector. I have also noticed your men are all equipped in plate armor. If you could humor my curiosity, just how much iron is produced in this city?"

With this question being raised, Berengar chuckled once more, though this time it was a bit more noticeable, and as such, Arethas frowned before asking Berengar.

"What is so funny?"

A proud smile appeared on Berengar's face as he began to correct the man.

"It is not iron in which my army is equipped with, but steel! My industrial sector produces a massive output of steel every month; the exact amount would shock you. Let's just say that I have more steel than I know what to do with at the moment."

This was not an exaggeration in the slightest with the new territory gained in his conquests and the city of Innsbruck being industrialized, Berengar was producing thousands of tonnes of steel every month, and despite using the steel in his many construction projects, which ranged from building fortifications, sewage treatment centers, roads, etc. as well as its extensive use in his arms industry, which supplied not only his own forces with the advanced equipment they wielded but also the medieval arms and armor of his allies. Berengar still had quite the surplus, albeit the more ambitious his plans became, the more the surplus dwindled.

Hearing this information, Arethas instantly became excited by the news. Though he could not fathom how, if Berengar truly possed the ability to create such a terrifying amount of steel, then clearly he could buy some of the raw materials for his own armies. As such, he began to ponder about the feasibility of such a deal.

"Is it possible for me to purchase some of your surplus?"

A smirk spread across Berengar's lips as he heard those words. Not only could he produce arms and armor for the factions fighting for Germany, but with this opportunity, he could partially supply the Byzantine armies who were fighting in Egypt. If negotiated properly, he could increase the business of his arms trade without putting his own position in danger. After all, no matter what type of armor he produced for the Byzantines, it would never stop his muskets, especially not the rifled muskets that utilized mini balls. Thus Berengar had no fear of trading arms and armor to the east.

Seeing that Berengar was talking about business at the dinner table, the other Merchants instantly became enlightened by the idea of purchasing some steel to be brought back to the Empire for resale. As such, Berengar found himself bombarded with offers; however, before it could get too chaotic, he raised his hand, signaling the men to behave themselves.

"We are enjoying a meal right now; there will be plenty of time to discuss business opportunities in the upcoming days. Take this time to savor the dishes on the table, and think about what offers you wish to present me."

What Berengar said was true; they had gotten ahead of themselves after the excitement they felt upon hearing that Berengar had a vast surplus of steel. After all, it was a tough material to make in this era, and only ever in small quantities. If Berengar truly possed such a stockpile of the valuable material, they would be willing to go to great lengths to secure a trade agreement with the young Count.

As such, the remainder of the dinner was spent discussing less important matters and the ongoing events of the world. For a region embroiled in warfare, Tyrol was remarkably secure for the moment. Thus while the rest of Germany suffered through the hardships of war, Berengar entertained a host of Byzantine Merchants and noblemen from the East.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150: Marvels of Industry I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the feast was over, Berengar saw his guests off to the quarters they were staying in his city. He had made quite an impression on these Byzantine noblemen and merchants, and in the following days, would make sure to negotiate proper trade agreements with every one of them. The more contacts he made in the East, the better his business would become. After reclaiming much of their lost territories since the Crusades had begun, The Byzantine Empire was wealthy, far more than a region like Germany; after all, they were in the center of trade between the West and the East.

Though the Byzantines had to repel Saracen invasions a couple of times a decade, for the most part, their power was stable, and Berengar saw an opportunity in building relations with them. As such, he made sure to take care of his guests during this feast. After sending the men off, he returned to his Castle, where he sat down and had a glass of wine alongside his beautiful young lover. The wine was a gift from the Byzantine Empire and was of significant quality, thus Berengar wanted to have a taste of it.

After swirling the wine around in his chalice and inhaling the thick aroma, Berengar sipped upon the fine alcohol before nodding his head in approval.

"The Byzantines sure know how to make a good wine..."

On the other hand, Linde had some questions on her mind and was not afraid to speak of them; as such, she quickly asked Berengar about his intentions.

"You sure seem to be treating these men from the east quite well. Do you intend to establish an arms trade with the Byzantines?"

Berengar smiled and nodded his head before explaining his plans.

"The Eastern half of the Roman Empire was always its wealthiest region, with much of their lands reclaimed the Byzantines have amassed quite a fortune over the previous centuries. Due to being near the Saracens, they are constantly under threat of invasion and spend a large amount of wealth on their military. Now that they know I have a substantial supply of steel, when they return to the East and spread the news of this, the Generals of the Byzantine armies will be begging me to supply their forces with high-quality equipment."

Berengar estimated that the Byzantines would most likely be victorious in their ongoing war with Egypt and reap great spoils from the region, further increasing their wealth. As such, he intended to get on their good side and make as much money from their wars as possible. Wars were a profitable business to those who had the means to take advantage of them. Linde carefully observed Berengar's estimation before nodding her head in agreement; what Berengar said was most likely true, and getting in the good graces of the Byzantine Empire provided substantial benefits. As such, she complimented him on his schemes.

"You really think everything through, don't you?"

Berengar chuckled as he took a swig from his glass of wine before responding.

"Not everything, but I try to be a few steps ahead of my potential rivals. Make no mistake, in the future, when I have united my German Empire, the Byzantines will be a rival for global hegemony, at the rate they are expanding, they could become a threat if relations are not properly maintained."

Luckily for Berengar, he knew about the new world and the resource-rich regions of Africa, most of which were sparsely populated and posed no major threat to an advanced army like his own. After unifying his Empire, he would take advantage of his knowledge and lay claim to the best regions in the world for colonization. By the time the Byzantine Empire and the other powers realized the value of these regions, the critical areas would already be under German sovereignty.

Linde saw the proud expression on Berengar's face but could not read his mind, and as such, did not know what he was smirking about. However, she knew when it came to Berengar and his ambitions that it was best not to overstep her bounds, and as such, she decided to switch the topic.

"So, will you be showing the merchants your steel stockpile?"

Snapping back to reality from Linde's words, Berengar quickly nodded his head in response and smiled once more.

"Of course! They need to know just how much I can produce so that they can brag to the Empire about my steel surplus. The greater the surplus, the larger the interest the Empire will have for my steel. I will show them the extent of my people's labor tomorrow; it will be sure to leave a lasting impression on these merchants and noblemen from the East."

With that said, the two lovers quickly finished their wine before returning to their bed chambers, where they embraced each other passionately for many hours into the long night. After the sun rose in the morning, Berengar got up and began his daily routine. It was well past noon when he finally met with Arethas and the others in the city below.

After meeting up with Arethas, Berengar patted the man on the back with a wide grin on his face.

"Come! Let me show you the extent of my industry!"

Hearing these words, a flash of greed filled the eyes of the merchants from the east who surrounded Berengar like a flock of hungry buzzards. Berengar knew what they were thinking about from the gleam in their pupils; unfortunately for them, he would not allow them to see the machinery used to create such a massive stockpile of steel, only the results of production.

As such, Berengar led the men through the industrial district of Kufstein, whose secrets were heavily guarded by the garrison; only properly authorized personnel was allowed through the gates, but since these men traveled with Berengar, they were easily able to pass by the strict security. After all, Berengar owned this entire city.

Berengar made sure to give the men a tour of the industrial district outside of the critical areas of development; as such, the armories and arms factories were the first he showed. Of course, he showed the factories which explicitly produced equipment for export, not the manufacture of his own supplies. Seeing such a large warehouse filled with hundreds of employees working in well-organized assembly lines to create sets of brigandine and plate armor, the Byzantine merchants were shocked by the size of the operation. Berengar smiled smugly at the expressions on their faces before introducing the area.

"This is the armory, where we manufacture brigandine and plate armor for export to our customers. Of course, if you desire a different armor style, we could also manufacture that for you. From my understanding, the Byzantine army uses a mixture of mail and mirror-pattern armor, and I would be more than happy to craft such equipment if an agreement can be reached."

Mirror-pattern armor was a style of armor used by eastern forces; it consisted of a group of interlocking iron plates, usually in the form of circles and squares which protected the torso; these plates were grouped together by rivetted mail rings. Generally speaking, the mirror pattern armor was worn over a mail hauberk. Berengar produced very little mail armor because it was a time-consuming practice, far more so than brigandine and plate. He would honestly prefer to introduce this western style of equipment to the Byzantine forces, but that was not his decision to make.

Seeing the grand scale of equipment production, Arethas felt the need to ask about where such supplies would be sold off to.

"Just who is your customer for such a large supply of equipment?"

Berengar smiled and did not hide that this equipment was custom ordered and paid for by the Duke of Austria and his vassals.

"My largest customer at the moment is Count Otto of Steiermark. However, Duke Wilmar has recently begun placing orders for his personal armies as well. Luckily for him, he came into a large supply of weapons and armor from the late Count Lothar and his armies; due to the size and speed of my Industry, he has given me the task of repairing and outfitting the equipment for his purposes. However, a lot of this is also new production; as the war goes on, the demand for more equipment expands."

The sight of the armory left a lasting impression on Arethas, and he could hardly believe his eyes. Of course, when the Byzantine noblemen and merchants arrived at their next destination, they would be equally shocked by the scale of industry in which Berengar had fostered in Kufstein. If the mighty Strategos knew that Kufsatein was just one of Berengar's industrial cities and that Innsbruck had been developing its own industrial sector, he would truly lose his mind in astonishment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151: Marvels of Industry II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After showing the Byzantine noblemen and merchants the armory, Berengar quickly walked into the next area of the industrial sector which housed the arms factory; there were two of such facilities in Kufstein, much like the armories they had been split into production for local forces, and production of arms for export. The export arms factory was also manned by many workers, who utilized trip hammers and other water-powered machinery to pound the steel ingots into the shapes of swords, spears, war hammers, polearms, arrowheads, etc.

Arethas witnessed the final process of creating a halberd in the hands of one of the workers, it was stacked neatly onto a pallet filled with hundreds of other halberds which would later be inspected for quality control, and only after the shipment was fully inspected, and tested would they be shipped out to their customers. Berengar knew the importance of quality control, and as such, he did his best to maintain the quality of his equipment. Each piece of equipment approved for export was given a proof mark shaped like the letter K, symbolizing that it had been manufactured and received approval for shipment within the factories of Kufstein. This process, of course, was also used on the equipment for his own forces, but that was not important at the moment. Berengar began to introduce the facility to the merchants as if he was a standard tour guide who had repeated this phrase a hundred times before.

"This is the arms factory used to produce weapons from the steel manufactured in the city. Each piece of equipment, much like the armor in our armories, is inspected for quality before it is shipped out to our customers. If it fails to meet our standards, it is recycled into the steel plants and manufactured into something new. I have stringent guidelines about quality control to ensure that each piece of equipment manufactured in our factories is truly fit for the stresses of battle."

The idea of strict quality control was something Bernegar had taken from his previous life and was not generally used in this timeline, at least not to the degree to which he had implemented it. Seeing such a massive stockpile of weapons being loaded onto wooden pallets, the byzantine merchants and noblemen were practically salivating at sight. They all wanted to get their hands on the arms in front of them, where they could be sold in the Empire for a large profit or used to outfit their own troops.

Berengar had yet to show the actual warehouse which housed his steel surplus, but he had already captured the interests of the men from the East. From the looks in their eyes, he could tell they would spread this news across the Empire, and Berengar would gain various new customers. Arethas, in particular, could not wait to return home and inform the department in charge of procuring equipment for the army about such a massive opportunity. After all, the Byzantine Empire was a highly complex imperial bureaucracy; a general could not just outfit his troops with new equipment out of nowhere; it first had to be approved by the bureaucrats in charge of logistics.

After showing off the armory and arms factory, Berengar finally dragged the men over to the warehouse which housed the steel surplus; after opening it up and displaying the full might of his industrial capacity, the merchants and noblemen were absolutely shocked. The warehouse was roughly 5,000 sq feet and contained piles of steel ingots stacked to the roof. The amount of steel in this facility was in the thousands of tons. This was the surplus that had been gathered after months of production from the Bessemer converters.

Seeing the sight before him, Arethas' eyes nearly fell out of his sockets; his jaw dropped to the point where it nearly unhinged itself. He could not fathom so much steel in one place. Steel was a scarce commodity, and yet Berengar had produced such a vast quantity of it. He could not understand why so much steel was needed. After all, the idea of using steel in structures was not something that had been invented outside of Berengar's domain. The steel ingots themselves were sorted into different areas based upon their composition and purpose. Structural steel, armor steel, weapon steels, tool steels, and galvanized steel ingots were properly organized in their own sections. If one were not familiar with this organization, one would think that all the steel was the same.

After confirming that they were looking at reality, the Byzantine merchants and noblemen recovered their senses and instantly began thinking about taking advantage of this. The merchants, in particular, wanted to resale this steel for an exorbitant price and instantly began making offers to Berengar. One fat and bald man, in particular, approached Berengar with a smile on his face as if the young Count was his benefactor.

"Count Berengar, what would it take for me to acquire a small amount of this steel to bring back with me to the Empire?"

Seeing the way the man was looking at him made Berengar uncomfortable. However, he knew the value of the steel and the man's plans. As such, he made a figure he felt was appropriate.

"I will accept one pound of silver for every ton of steel you wish to buy."

This number was quite high, considering 150 lbs of iron could be sold in England for 4 shillings, each shilling being roughly 1/20 a pound of silver. However, this was not iron but readily manufactured steel, and Berengar held a monopoly on it. There was nowhere else in the world the man would be able to get such a vast quantity of steel. For reference, in the modern world from Berengar's past life, one ton of steel ingots was worth anywhere between 1,000 to 1,500 US Dollars, whereas one Avoirdupois Pound of silver was worth roughly 345 US Dollars. However, silver was much scarcer in this time period, and as such, its inherent worth was much higher than 21st Century America, but then again, so was steel.

The smiling face of the fat merchant quickly receded to a scowl as he heard Berengar's offer. It was quite a large sum of money, but the more he thought about it, the more he realized he could charge an even greater price when he resold it, as for the time being, he would be one of the few men capable of bringing such a vast quantity of steel back to the Empire. However, the man still tried to negotiate the price with Berengar.

"How about 1/2 a pound of silver?"

However, Berengar shook his head in refusal and clarified his position

"One pound of silver for one ton of steel. That is my offer."

Everyone in the room knew that Berengar had a monopoly on such a high quantity of steel, and he could dictate the price as he pleased, even if these merchants were unwilling to pay the price, someone would, and as such, Berengar took full advantage of that to pressure these merchants. Eventually, they gritted their teeth and bought a large steel supply to bring back to the Empire. Of course, they did not have such a vast quantity of silver on them, and as such, they would have to go back to the Empire, get the silver, and then return to Kufstein to complete the transaction. However, such a trip was worth it when the profit they could make from the steel was massive.

After concluding the initial transaction, Berengar completed the tour of his industrial district and captured the interests of the Byzantine merchants and noblemen; they had no idea how Berengar had managed to accomplish it as he kept them away from the Bessemer converters. Still, he had such a large stockpile of steel. If they were his neighbors, they would be tempted to invade. However, due to the distance between the Empire and Tyrol, it was not something they could easily do. As such, the Byzantines spent some time in Tyrol getting accustomed to Berengar before returning to the Empire, though they would be back shortly with plenty of silver to trade for Berengar's steel.

Berengar, on the other hand, was rather happy about the deals he had made; he had secured a new market, and with it, another fortune. For now, he went back to preparing his armies for the upcoming war with the Teutonic Order, as well as overseeing the construction of his star fortresses and monuments. The work of a Tyrant was never complete.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152: Show Him No Mercy!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nearly two months had passed since Berengar concluded his business with the Byzantines, and since then, another shipment of silk had entered Kufstein as promised. During this time period, the other merchants eager to get their hands on some of Berengar's steel had made their round trip with enough silver to make Berengar an even more wealthy man. However, the most important part of what had happened during this time was the Teutonic Order's progress by crossing through Bavaria. They would soon reach the Bavarian alps, where they would enter into Tyrol, and Berengar intended to lay a trap for them within the narrow passages of the mighty mountain range.

Berengar was once more tasked with the responsibility to go to war; however, this time, it would be a far shorter campaign. At the moment, he was dressed in his exquisite armor, which had once more changed to fit battle conditions. He wore a three quarter's blackened steel plate harness; however, under the armor was a backend steel mail hauberk with brass rings on the bottom layers of the sleeves; over his hands were an exquisite pair of 16th-century style plate gauntlets whose fingers were segmented and were blackened while sharing the elegant gold pattern that was on his armor. Over his cuirass, he wore a matching gold sash and a black sword belt with gold fittings that contained his majestic heavy cavalry saber.

He no longer wore the signature waffenrock in the past, and his armored codpiece was on full display over his black and gold Landschneckt style trousers. The armored codpiece matched the pattern on the rest of his armor. For footwear, he wore a pair of cavalry boots that folded at his knees; as for his helmet, he had switched from the skullcap and the feathered cap to a more traditional German-style burgonet, which had three rims atop its skull instead of the usual one. Of course, it was embellished with the same intricate gold pattern on the rest of his armor.

Seeing her lover geared up for war again, Linde could not help but frown; her strawberry blonde hair was now much longer and overflowed past her shoulders, her bangs were straight, and a strand of her hair was tied over the back of her long red-gold curtain. If anything, with this new hairstyle, she was even more beautiful than before. She held the baby Hans in her hands as she pouted at Berengar, who was leaving her so quickly after returning from the war in Tyrol.

Berengar closed the distance between her and himself and brought her into his metallic embrace before kissing her passionately; after releasing his grasp, Linde spoke the words in her heart.

"Show him no mercy!"

Berengar nodded with a serious expression on his face; he had already made the mistake of allowing Lambert to live, which had brought serious consequences. An army of over 30,000 men was at his doorstep, with his scoundrel of a little brother at its head. Though he had roughly half the amount of men, he would be riding into battle to meet Lambert and end this sibling rivalry once and for all.

After bidding farewell to his lover and child, Berengar walked out into his Castle's courtyard, where he mounted his mighty steed Erwin and prepared to meet up with his army, which was already assembled within the city gates of Kufstein. After meeting up with his army at the rallying point, Berengar noticed the magnificence of his army. Many of the veterans had been recalled from their positions as garrisons and replaced with the recruits. After all, having veterans in his army to maintain order and discipline was crucial to victory, especially against an army as large as Lambert's.

Standing before Berengar were roughly 15,000 men, 10,000 of which were infantry, all clad in the brilliant display of black, gold, and white attire, with blackened steel half-plate armor and burgonets. As for the NCOs, their armor was lined with a simple brass trimming, and the Officers had a more embellished brass trimming on their armor which allowed his ranks to identify the men in charge and follow their orders quickly. Roughly half of the infantry were equipped with the 1417/18 Rifled Musket; the others still used the standard 1417 Land Pattern Musket, smoothbore. As for the remaining 5,000 men, it was a mix of Cuirassiers and Artillery.

When compared to the army of Lambert's, which, aside from 10,000 men, was filled with mere peasant levies, Berengar's forces were far more impressive. With this sight, Berengar began to get the feeling that his vision for a grand army that would put Napoleon's elite forces to shame was beginning to take shape.

After arriving at the head of the formation, Berengar gave the order to his men, who were waiting patiently.

"Forward March!"

with that declared, Berengar's army was once more on the march to war. The citizens of Kufstein gathered on both sides of the marching army to show their support, fully realizing that many of these young men would not be returning. As such, flowers were laid at the army's feet that began to march towards the Bavarian Alps.

Riding alongside Berengar was his Field Marshal Eckhard von Hallstatt; he was the one who devised the plan to meet the Teutonic Army in the mountains and ambush them. With the superior range and the treacherous terrain, Berengar and his forces would be able to take full advantage of the situation and inflict mass casualties on the enemy before they were able to clash with his forces in melee combat. The more enemies that could be killed at the range, the better. Berengar, of course, was still apprehensive about the plan considering how vastly outnumbered they were; as such, he voiced his concerns to Eckhard.

"Are you sure about this? If they enter through a different region, we will be leaving our flanks open."

Eckhard put on a solemn expression as he assured Berengar of his plan's success.

"Munich has fallen into the hands of Duke Otto; unless he wants to clash with the Austrian armies, Lambert will have to circumvent them; they will go through Swabia, specifically through Oberstdorf, to reach Tyrol. Rest assured, our scouts have already reported seeing them in the area. When they enter the mountains, we will be lying in wait for them; there will be no escape."

Hearing how confident Eckhard was, Berengar let out a sigh of relief. Despite being a decent strategist and tactician himself, Eckhard was the true prodigy in the art of war, and if the Field Marshal was so certain of this battle's outcome, then Berengar had nothing to fear. As such, the young Count continued on his journey. With this, Berengar and his army would soon meet the Teutonic Army in brutal conflict; ever since Berengar opted to spare Lambert's life, he knew the decision would come back to bite him in the rear, and the chickens have finally come home to roost. Only blood could resolve this sibling conflict that had been brewing for so long.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153: Ambushing the Teutonic Order
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After marching for a few days, Berengar and his Army arrived at the passage in Oberstdorf that led into Tyrol. Due to the ongoing war in Germany, specifically with the Austrian conquest of Bavaria, the Teutonic Knights were forced to take a narrow and more treacherous path on the western region of Bavaria, which was part of the proud Duchy of Swabia. As Berengar entered the mountainous path with a relatively narrow ravine, he ordered his troops to set up their artillery higher than the pass below.

Hiding among the treeline of the mountains side Berengar's troops lay in wait, ready to ambush Lambert's forces. They had received information from their scouts that Lambert and his forces would be walking into the trap they had set within a matter of hours. As such, Berengar kept careful watch over the mountain pass where his troops had set themselves up in a position to trap Lambert and his armies.

There would be no escape from the encirclement they had set up, and Berengar could not forgive Lambert for the transgressions he had made against him. Berengar had spared Lambert's life at the behest of his mother and given him a chance to redeem himself. However, lambert did not appreciate his mercy and decided to spit in his face by marching an army into Berengar's lands. This could not be tolerated. There would be no mercy shown to the enemy today.

Before long, Berengar could hear the march of an army of Teutonic soldiers singing their Catholic Hymns. The white banners with the infamous black cross of the Teutonic Order were waving in the background as they marched through the narrow pass. Seeing the enemy before them, Berengar's troops prepared their rifles as they hid behind the tall trees, using them as cover. Only when the enemy was fully trapped in the encirclement did Berengar's troops begin to fire. The distance between Berengar's armies and Lambert's were a few hundred meters, easy enough for the thousands of rifled musketeers to rain fire down on the unsuspecting Teutonic Order. The critical targets were the knights and man at arms under Lambert's command, so the initial volley was centered on the well-armored forces who would prove more difficult to kill in melee combat.

Lambert, who was riding at the head of the army, was shocked when he heard the explosive gunfire echo into the air; instantly, thousands of musket shots were fired, causing chaos, death, and destruction upon his ranks. Lambert was completely caught in a crossfire by both sides of the mountains; the effect of the musket balls tearing through his knights and men at arms was devastating. Though Lambert was unharmed, his horse was hit by one of the minie balls and tumbled to the ground.

By the time Lambert had recovered from his position on the ground, the second wave of musket shots had fired off, shredding his armies once more. Realizing that these were the weapons of Berengar and that he had walked right into his brother's trap, Lambert boldly declared his armies to charge to the treeline where the enemy was hiding. As soon as the Teutonic Order made their way to the tree line, they began to be battered by the dozens of cannons placed in the mountains above, firing on the foothills below with their explosive shells. Yet Lambert paid no heed to them and instead rallied his forces.

"Into the forest! They would never fire upon their own lines!"

As such, the tens of thousands of levies were pushed forward by the remaining members of the Teutonic Order, who were not slaughtered in the initial volley. Despite being well equipped with rifled muskets, 300+ meter targets were still a difficulty for many of the soldiers equipped with such technology, and many of the projectiles missed their mark. As such, there were still thousands of heavily armed Teutonic soldiers marching into the forest to engage Berengar's forces in melee combat. Berengar had yet to deploy the Cavalry. Instead, they would act as the units that would encircle Lambert's forces if they attempted to flee the ravine; as such, he calmly sat atop Erwin's saddle and waited for the battle to turn interesting.

After suffering thousands of casualties in the initial fighting, Lambert remained undeterred, he had over 30,000 men at his back, and it became quickly apparent that Berengar had at most 10,000 men under his command, if he could close the distance, he would win by the sheer volume of numbers, or so he hoped. As such, Lambert quickly advanced towards the enemy, unafraid of the oncoming projectiles as he led his troops into battle. Whether he was simply lucky or blessed by God, Lambert arrived at the enemy lines in the forests screaming at the top of his lungs the battle cry of so many crusaders.

"God wills it!"

However, what he was met with was the battle cry of Berengar's soldiers as they rushed towards him and his armies with bayonets affixed.

"God with us!"

The two chants of the armies perfectly contrasted their worldview as a grand melee began to unfold. Despite Lambert's overwhelming numbers, Berengar's forces had completely encircled them and began to push them back into the ravine. After all, many of Lambert's army were forcefully conscripted levies, and hundreds if not thousands of them had already broken ranks the moment they came under fire. They were simple peasants, and seeing such death and destruction, which resulted from thunderous echoes, they could not help but fear they were being punished by God's wrath and thus fled for their lives.

Despite the fleeing levies, many of them remained, and as such, Berengar's forces were still greatly outnumbered. Thus the two armies clashed against one another in a valley between the Bavarian Alps on the border of Austria. The blood and chaos that followed would prove to be an inspiration for the future artists of this world. The only men who remained calm during this sea of bloodshed were Berengar and Eckhard, who gazed upon the battle from afar, watching the Teutonic Order play right into their hands.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154: My Dear Brother
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the Teutonic Order and Berengar's Army clashed in the field below, Berengar gazed upon the bloody scene with a smirk. Everything was going according to plan. Berengar investigated the melee below through a spyglass, desperately searching for Lambert's location, unfortunately for him, Lambert was clad in a full set of plate armor, and his great bascinet's visor was down; as such, it was not easy to spot him in the chaotic scene.

Lambert, on the other hand, was currently engaging in combat against one of Berengar's infantrymen; as the soldier thrust his bayonet at Lambert's direct, the boy swiftly dodged the strike and lunged with his longsword piercing through the gap in the man's helmet and into his eyes, killing him on the spot. Lambert had trained his whole life in the art of combat, and though bayonet training was much simpler than the sword against a true master, it was too easy to cut down Berengar's professional army.

The surviving knights of the order's army surrounded Lambert, and they engaged in brutal combat with Berengar's soldiers. When grouped together, they made an easy target for the grenadiers, one of which lobbed a grenade into the mix that detonated shortly after. Shredding the nearby knights and forcing the others to redirect their efforts into protecting their flanks. Lambert was too busy in combat to realize that the explosive blast had torn the visor of his helmet, revealing his face, which was spotted from afar by Berengar and his spyglass. A wicked grin appeared on Berengar's face as he spotted Lambert from a great distance.

"There you are, little brother! It is time to pay for your sins!"

After putting away his spyglass, Berengar unsheathed his heavy cavalry sword and pulled out one of the pistols from his saddle Before declaring to his cavalry forces in a loud shout.

"God with us!"

The infamous battle cry was the signal for the charge, as such thousands of cuirassiers began to descend on the encircled Teutonic order from both sides of the ravine. Before long, a new wave of gunfire was unleashed by the pistols in their hands as they charged into the fray. The stray bullets went in many directions; due to the chaotic situation, it was unknown whether or not any of Berengar's forces were injured or killed by friendly fire. However, the attack was effective in breaking open a path into the melee.

After crashing into the wall of steel, which was the Teutonic Order's forces, the cavalry began to cut their way through the massive horde of enemies. Berengar was leading his forces straight to Lambert, who was busy fighting off the ranks of Berengar's grenadiers, who were a far more elite group of soldiers than the standard line infantry, and as such, presented a greater challenge for him and his knights.

However, Before Berengar could reach Lambert, the chaos of battle affected his trajectory. While he was rushing towards his brother on horseback, a lucky spear thrust through the gaps in Erwin's armor and pierced itself into the horse's hide, gravely injuring the mighty beast. Berengar fell to the ground amidst the chaos and found himself surrounded by the spearman, where he quickly deflected the oncoming blow into his breastplate, which he knew would prevent its advance, and used this time to stab the 38-inch blade of his Damascus steel sword into the crusader's eye socket.

Berengar certainly had a reach advantage as his single-handed sword was greater in blade length than most longswords; as such, he adeptly moved from his position after killing the man and slashed into the poorly guarded torso of a levy who got in his path. Seeing the target of his ire was only a few yards in front of him, Berengar shouted out above the chaotic sounds of battle in a voice so loud it would even garner Lambert's attention whose longsword was currently bound with the bayonet of a grenadier.

"Lambert! I've come for your head!"

Noticing the voice of his brother taunting him in the distance, Lambert quickly unbound from the Grenadier's bayonet and stuck his blade through the man's face before gazing over at Berengar, who stood a few yards away next to his dead horse.

Lambert instantly charged at his older brother while calling out to him

"Today, you will die by my blade Berengar! Why could you not just die peacefully in your sleep from the poison? Instead, you have taken everything from me!"

Berengar grinned wickedly as he clashed with Lambert's longsword; what the boy said was true, Berengar had taken everything from him, but in his eyes, it was the price to pay for plotting against him so many times. As such, he felt no guilt for his actions. Lambert quickly slashed at Berengar, which the garishly outfitted Count parried; Berengar counter-attacked with a lunge which Lambert swiftly dodged. Finally, the lessons of swordsmanship in which Bernegar had so painstakingly engaged in every day for the last year were beginning to show their effects.

As the battle waged around these two commanders, Lambert and Berengar danced with their swords. However, after a while, it soon became apparent that despite the advantages Berengar's sword had over a traditional longsword, he was not nearly skilled enough to keep up with Lambert. Eventually, a vertical slash passed through Berengar's defense, and right under the protection of his Burgonet grazing past his right eye, cutting through the soft tissue and spilling his blood on the ground. Berengar reeled in pain as the sting of the cut electrified his brain.

Despite losing his vision in his dominant eye, Berengar desperately tried to raise his sword in defense. Instead, the sword was quickly disarmed from his hand, and he was kicked by Lambert's steel-clad foot onto the ground, lying against the corpse of his once-proud destrier.

"Sixteen years! Sixteen years I have had to watch you make a fool of yourself and our family. The sheer damage you did to the von Kufstein name throughout your life through your childish fits of anger and indolent behavior was enough to set back our family's prestige by generations! Can you honestly blame me for wanting to kill you and take your position! I would never have imagined that I would have actually succeeded on my first attempt and invite a demon into our midst."

Hearing the last few words of Lambert's monologue made Berengar break out in uncontrolled laughter; despite losing sight in his right eye and bleeding profusely from the wound, Berengar could not contain himself. Seeing his older brother seemingly lose his sanity in the moment before his death, Lambert instinctively lowered his defenses and questioned Berengar for his odd behavior.

"What is so funny?"

Berengar stopped laughing and glared at Lambert like a demon mocking a mortal for being foolish enough to believe that they had cornered him. As his lips curled up into a sinister sneer, Berengar spoke in a chilling tone to Lambert.

"Oh, my dear brother... You have no idea how right you are!"

With that, Berengar quickly grabbed the remaining pistol from Erwin's saddle and cocked the hammer while pointing it at Lambert's chest, which was not three feet away. Berengar was only a second faster than Lambert as the boy reacted to Berengar's actions by lifting his sword into the air with a killing blow. The thunder of the flintlock pistol exploded into the air as the musket ball within left the barrel's chamber and flew point-blank into Lambert's breastplate before passing through it and into the youth's heart. Lambert's slash came down upon Berengar, but due to the damage dealt by the musket ball to the young Teutonic Knight, the trajectory of the sword was altered and slashed into the steel armor that was atop Erwin's corpse before lambert himself fell to the ground bleeding out from his wounded heart.

Berengar used this opportunity to clamber to his feet before grabbing ahold of his sword; due to the damage inflicted upon his right eye and the difference in depth perception, it took him a few attempts to get ahold of it. Afterward, Berengar walked over to his brother and gazed upon him as he slowly bled to death. In the process he removed the boy's helmet before saying something Lambert would never expect.

"I really have to thank you, Lambert; if you had not poisoned this body to the brink of death, I might not have been able to enter this world. For that, you have my sincerest gratitude. However, the moment I came into this world, there was only one of two ways this would end. With my death or yours, and unfortunately for you, the entity you brought into this Earth is beyond your comprehension. A bit of advice from one who has already pierced the veil. Try to do better in your next life!"

After hearing these words, life finally faded from Lambert's eyes as he entered the void. Whether or not he would be reincarnated, Berengar did not know; after all, even after experiencing death, Berengar saw neither heaven nor hell; he simply awoke in another body. It was completely unknown to him if that was everyone's fate or a one-time thing. Lambert had passed from this world in a state of total fear and confusion. He genuinely died believing that Berengar was possessed by a demon, one in which he had personally brought into the world. Berengar on the other hand had merely spoken the truth, albeit in a deliberately vague way to mess with Lambert's mind one last time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155: Cut Off His Head!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Despite Lambert's death, the battle continued to wage on. Of course, in the middle of the chaos and bloodshed, nobody noticed that the commander of the Teutonic Order lay dead on the ground, not at first at least. However, the surrounding Teutonic knights and grenadiers quickly realized that their commanders were missing and gazed over to see Berengar wounded in one eye, staring down at his brother's corpse. You would think that the sight of their commander dying would weaken the crusader's resolve. However, it only enhanced it. The Heretic had killed his own brother; that was a grave sin, and as such, their zealotry took hold of them as they began to make their way to Berengar to avenge the loss of their commander.

However, the Grenadiers quickly halted the knight's advance to put their bayonets in their path and formed a wall between the enemy and their commander. A fierce clash broke out between Berengar's grenadiers and the Knights of the Teutonic Order; despite the Knight's being clad head to toe in plate armor, they soon found themselves being gunned down by a few of the rifled musketeers who stayed in the treeline and sniped the enemy targets from afar. These men were Berengar's marksman and would one day become his Jaeger Corps. For now, they pelted the heavily armored knights with lead projectiles while they clashed with the Grenadiers.

Eventually, the melee seemed to turn in favor of Berengar's army; after all, their commander was dead, and at this point, Berengar and his army had slaughtered the majority of the Knights and Men at Arms. As for the levies, they no longer had the resolve to fight. As such entire ranks of levies dropped their weapons as they realized they were greatly outmatched by the skill of Berengar's line infantry and their bayonets. Noticing the decrease in Knights and Men at Arms, Berengar shouted to the chaotic battlefield as loud as possible.

"Any levy who turns on the Teutonic Order will be spared the death in which I have reserved for them!"

Berengar's officers and NCOs quickly relaid this news across the melee to the point where most of the Levies had taken up arms against the men who forced them into this deadly conflict. There was no love lost between the levies and the Teutonic Order, and given the option, they would gladly backstab the Knights and Men at arms who forced them out of their homes and away from their families into this slaughter.

Despite being surrounded by Berengar's forces and subjected to the treason of their levies, the Teutonic Order's zealotry was to be commended as they fought to the last man, taking as many enemies as they could with them. For a crusader surrendering to a heretic was worse than death, and these men exemplified that ideal. Before long, the Teutonic Order's army was completely wiped out down to the last man, yet the damage done to Berengar's forces was immense. He had lost well over 2000 men in the conflict; after all, the heavily armored knights had an enormous advantage in melee combat.

After the battle was over, Eckhard approached Berengar, whose wounds were being treated by a field medic. It stung like hell, but the distilled alcohol disinfected the wound to his right eye, and series of linen bandages were wrapped around it. For now, that was the best treatment he could receive. Seeing Berengar was rather calm about the whole situation, Eckhard asked him an important question on his mind.

"What should we do with the remains of your brother?"

Berengar thought about it for a few moments before a wicked idea formed in his head. Berengar's own arrogance had gotten the better of him in this conflict; he had charged towards his brother's position expecting to kill him easily; in the end, the price of his victory was that of his dominant eye and the life of his trusted steed. He needed a memento mori, a symbol to remind him that no matter what he accomplishes in life, he is only human and that death is inevitable. As such, he gave Eckhard a barbaric decree, one which made the man question the sanity of his Lord and Commander.

"Cut off his head and bring it to me; I will have his skull turned into a golden chalice! As for the rest of his body? Bury it in the mass grave with the rest of these foolish crusaders!"

Eckhard was immediately taken back by the notion; such a thing was not uncommon during the Dark Ages; However, the idea of decapitating someone and turning their skull into a drinking cup was a savage and barbaric notion during this time period. Still, the veteran Knight knew better than to disobey one of Berengar's commands. As such, he ordered some of the more unstable men in the army to perform the evil deed.

As for the levies they gathered before Berengar, after all, they were captured by Berengar's troops after the conflict was over and awaited his orders. Though he promised to spare them if they fought for him, one could never know if the young Count would keep his word. Seeing the destitute peasants forced into the armies of the Teutonic Order and compelled to fight against him, Berengar felt a great deal of pity for them, and as such, he rose from his seat. The bloody bandage over his right eye marred his otherwise charismatic appearance. Berengar gave a command for all of the levies to hear.

"I hold no ill will towards any of you; you all were forced against your will to fight against me and were dragged away from your families without your consent. Yet despite this, you have given me aid in this conflict, and as such I will reward you. Go home, and spread the word of my merciful and righteous actions."

With that said, the surviving levies of the Teutonic Order's army were freed and allowed to return to their homes, though some of them were not as lucky as the others. Many of them were wounded and would die of infection on their path back to their homes. However, Berengar had limited medical supplies, and he was far from a saint. The fact that he had spared their lives despite taking up arms against him was in itself mercy. After all, these men were not his enemies; if they were, he would never allow them to see the light of another day. For Berengar had learned a valuable lesson about showing mercy to one's enemies, a mistake he would never repeat so long as he drew breath in this world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156: Recovery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the moment, Berengar was sitting in his castle, having his eye looked over by his court physician Ewald. It had been a few days since his return from the battlefield, and his injury was well maintained due to the disinfectants used on it. Despite the horrendous nature of medieval medicine, the man seemed to be somewhat competent, having trained in his earlier years in the Byzantine Empire; he had access to many of the more enlightened views of medicine from the classical era and the golden age of Islam. As such, he carefully observed Berengar's right eye, which had a vertical slash through it. Though the cut was not deep enough to kill, it had severed his retina and potentially the optical nerve. Of course, Ewald did not know such advanced information; after observing it, he made his diagnosis.

"The eye itself will heal, albeit heavily scarred but you will never be able to see from it again. I suggest you get yourself accustomed to life with only half of your vision before you go on any further campaigns."

Receiving this news made Berengar frown with discontent; as for Linde, she was nearby holding her lover's hand throughout the process. She was more anxious about the results than Berengar himself was. Ultimately Berengar sighed heavily before expressing his views on the matter.

"Such is the price of my arrogance..."

Ever since he had become wounded, Berengar greatly reflected on his prior actions. Despite knowing the danger, and the ability of his brother's swordsmanship, Berengar rushed into the fray, truly believing he could contend with Lambert after only a year's worth of training. After all, he had been overwhelmingly victorious in all his previous conflicts; how could this one possibly be any different? Such hubris had cost him dearly. The price of Berengar's victory over the Teutonic Order was steep; he lost roughly 3,000 men in the battle, his faithful steed Erwin, as well as the function of his dominant eye. After hearing what Ewald had to say, Berengar dismissed him where he was left alone with Linde, who placed a fresh bandage covered in a basic antibiotic ointment.

Since the day that the Alchemists arrived in Kufstein and began learning Chemistry, Berengar had placed them in charge of more than just creating TNT; in fact, a large amount of the chemicals they produced thanks to Berengar's future knowledge was for medical purposes. Such as neomycin, bacitracin, and polymyxin, which were antibiotics used in over-the-counter antibiotic ointment in Berengar's previous life. The worst part of an injury like this was its potential to become infected; as such, Berengar had taken great preventative measures with repeated disinfectants and antibiotic ointment. If his wound were to become infected, the possibility of death was high, and as such, he wished to avoid such an outcome so early in life.

After placing the ointment-covered bandage over Berengar's wounded eye, Berengar began to laugh bitterly as he decided to use his self-deprecating sense of humor to overcome the awkward silence.

"I always thought I would look good with an eyepatch..."

This caused Linde to chuckle as she hugged Berengar tightly and nodded while trying to comfort him.

"If anything, it will add to your regal appearance!"

After saying those two remarks, the couple returned to awkward silence, where they sat still in the bedroom for a while. While Linde was greatly concerned about Berengar's injury, she was just grateful that he was still alive; after all, if the blade penetrated a little deeper into his eye, it could have killed him. Though she knew injury and death were possible on the battlefield, Berengar had always returned home in one piece in his previous campaigns. Because of this, there was a natural inclination to disregard the possibility. Yet here he was permanently injured from the battlefield; it caused her to be thankful that her man had survived, and as such, she desired to comfort him in his time of need. Berengar, however, saw this as a humbling experience, something from which he could learn a valuable lesson. After all, he still had one eye; thus, he could still function normally once he recovered.

For the time being, Berengar would go through a phase of recovery; he would leave the realm's governance up to his Chancellor Liutbert and the rudimentary parliamentary system he had in place. At the moment, Berengar had two concerns, one of which regarded the construction of his new chalice. For the time being, he had no plans to inform Henrietta that Lambert had come to Tyrol to cause him harm. Instead, he would fabricate a letter from the Teutonic Order "informing" the von Kufstein family of Lambert's death in a righteous crusade. His retired parents and little sister did not need to know of Lambert's actions or the fact that his skull had become Berengar's favorite drinking cup.

The other concern was the construction of an exquisite eyepatch; as such, he began to design a black velvet eyepatch with golden embroidery that was sure to match his regal appearance perfectly. After it was complete, he sent the design to his tailors, who handcrafted the piece for him. The construction of his chalice and eyepatch took a few days, and by the time Berengar received them, he was quite happy with the results.

The skull chalice was hollowed out and dipped in gold, black garnet gemstones were encrusted below the lip of the cup, and at the bottom of the stand which protruded from the stem of the skull seamlessly, as if the entire piece was not actually made from a human skull, but carved out of a block of gold itself. The craftsmanship was of the highest quality, and Berengar was pleased with the result.

As for the eyepatch, it was exactly how he had envisioned and was also a work of art. The eyepatch was an accessory that covered his hideously wounded eye, which had already begun to mend itself; within a few weeks, the gash in the eye itself would be restored, but there would definitely be a scarred pupil and iris. As for the rest of the scar, parts of it were still visible above and below the eyepatch, which Berengar felt gave him a dignified appearance.? Overall the wound did not take away from his appearance; if anything, it made him more striking and authoritative; Berengar was quite pleased with how it turned out. If he were wounded anywhere else on the face, his devilishly good looks would be affected.

Linde, who was nearby, witnessed Berengar inspecting himself in the mirror and giggled as she watched the man she loved trying on his eyepatch as if he was a teenage girl getting ready for a date. Noticing that his actions had been observed without his notice, Berengar decided to joke about the whole situation.

"You are going to have to give me some notice in the future when you sneak up on me like that; my peripheral vision is not as great as it used to be..."

Hearing Berengar joke about his condition so casually made Linde feel less melancholy about his injury; Berengar had quickly accepted his fate and vowed to learn from the experience. Yet, Linde had spent the last few days sulking, as if she were the one wounded. After all, she felt as if what happened to Berengar also happened to her; as such, Berengar had spent most of his recovery comforting Linde, despite being the one injured himself. The hearts of women were a complex entity, and Berengar did his best to navigate its stormy seas. Yet, now that Berengar was displaying a smile on his face for the first time since his injury, Linde began to feel her spirit being lifted as well; as such, she began to smile warmly as she responded to Berengar's remarks.

"I will consider that. How is your eye doing?"

Berengar smiled as he looked at himself in the mirror

"It will be fine; it just needs a few more weeks of healing."

as such, Berengar removed his eyepatch and replaced it with a clean bandage. For now, the eyepatch would have to wait; despite how great it looked, healing was a greater priority than aesthetics.

Ultimately weeks went by, and Berengar had not informed Adela of his injury. Until he was fully healed, he would not worry the girl; after all, she might do something foolish like abscond from the safety of her family's castle and travel the roads by her lonesome to Kufstein during this dangerous era of civil strife. As such, he spent a great deal of time with Linde and their child Hans. Berengar was greatly pleased by the time he spent during the weeks of his recovery, as he was usually so dreadfully busy that he could not spend as much time with his family as he desired.

The time he spent with his family was filled with bliss, and quite honestly, he was thankful for the reprieve from the hustle and bustle of the life of a Tyrant. Things progressed smoothly in the realm, but ultimately he would have to cut his vacation short as the after-effects of the battle with the Teutonic Order were far greater than he had initially estimated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157: Storm in the East
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks had gone by, and Berengar had fully recovered, however at the other end of Europe in the east, the Teutonic Order was still attempting to accumulate its gains in the war with the Grand Duchy of Moscow, and yet, the Grand Master was currently reading a report in regards to the Battle of Oberstdorf in which Lambert fought with Berengar. The man was greatly frowning as he read the contents. One of his most promising talents, being Lambert was dead, and 10,000 men with him. The results were disastrous; he was not expecting Berengar to field such a large and powerful army in such a short time. Then again, he was also not expecting Bernegar to be the Count of Tyrol by the time Lambert's armies arrived. Too many things had happened between the time Lambert marched to war and the event of the battle itself.

The result of the battle was a significant loss to the Teutonic Order, 10,000 men were no small number, and he was counting on many of those men to return and bolster their ranks to defend their territory. Now that the news of their defeat had spread, the Golden Horde, the sovereigns over the Grand Duchy of Moscow, had begun to move their armies to liberate the territory in which the Teutonic Order had annexed their conquest. There was no mistake; at any moment they could be facing the might of the great Khanate, a war they could have been better off dealing with if they still had the 10,000 Crusaders who embarked with Lambert.

Not only was the East unstable, but the Grand-Master was now facing pressure by the Papacy to raise another army and invade Germany once more; the Crusade to end Berengar's Heresy had just begun in the eyes of Pope Simeon II. Yet the Grand-Master had no intention of doing such things. If they could not defend their recently conquered regions, then what was the point of marching into the warzone known as Germany. In fact, Lambert was lucky not to get into conflict with the German armies currently fighting for the vacant throne.

The messenger in which the Pope had sent to deliver his demands to the Grand Master was standing before him impatiently as he watched the Teutonic Leader read through the reports of what had transpired, as well as the Vatican's demands. Eventually, the messenger could contain his eagerness no longer and asked what the Grand Master intended to do about the situation.

"The Pope demands a response to your Order's loss in Oberstdorf. Berengar's victory will only further embolden the heretics who flock to his cause. If he can defy the might of the Papacy without punishment, then why can't they? So what do you intend to do about this?"

The Grand Master glared at the Messanger viciously before responding.

"I have already done enough. If Berengar could defeat an army of thirty thousand men with half that amount, then it means he is not an opponent I can underestimate!"

The messenger was shocked that the Grand Master would praise Berengar's ability despite suffering massive losses against him. So much so that he foolishly condemned the Grand Master for his views.

"You compliment a condemned Heretic? I am beginning to question your faith and that of your Order!"

Hearing these words, the Grand Master turned around and grabbed the messenger of the Vatican by the throat with his hand and slammed him into the stone wall before chastising him.

"Listen here, you pompous twit, Tyrol is a mountainous region in which Berengar holds all of the advantages as the defender! The man has acquired a vast fortune, has he not? Who is to say that he is not using that fortune to construct defenses across its entirety, making it even more difficult to conquer? Do you fools in the Vatican have any idea what is going on in the Count's territory? I sent 10,000 battle-hardened veterans into Tyrol because you fools told me he was not a threat to worry about, and they are all dead now!"

The priest who acted as the messenger of the Vatican was so frightened by the fury of the Grand Master that he began to soil his tunic, which caused the Grand Master to release him in disgust. Afterward, he turned away, no longer facing the messenger before giving his decree.

"Return to the Vatican and ask his Holiness what he desires most of the Teutonic Order, to convert the Orthodox regions of the east to his domain, or to crush the Heresy that has spread throughout the German-speaking regions? Because I can not fulfill both of his requests at the same time!"

With this said, the Priest from the Vatican fled the Grand Master's chambers and quickly left the Castle of Malbork, where he intended to report back to Pope Simeon II as quickly as possible. After the messenger departed, the Grandmaster sighed as he gazed into his fireplace and let out his thoughts.

"A Storm is brewing in the East, and I do not have the time or resources to wage war against the various German powers. If the Pope is foolish enough to send me to Tyrol, then the East will be lost forever."

Shortly after saying that, an Order commander walked into his chambers with a report in his hands and announced his presence.

"Grand Master, may I have a moment of your time?"

The elderly leader of the Teutonic Order sighed before nodding his head, signaling for the commander to continue.

"The Golden Horde is on the move; they are laying siege to Moscow as we speak."

With this news his worst fears had been realized, the Grand Master responded to this information by sighing heavily before pulling out a flagon of wine and filling it into two chalices, one for himself and the other for the Commander. After handing off one of the cups to the other man, he took a sip from his glass before expressing his thoughts.

"So it begins..."

If what the Teutonic Commander had reported was true, the Order would have a difficult road ahead as they tried to defend the East from the Golden Horde's invasion. Now that they were down 10,000 men, it would not be an easy feat. On top of this new invasion from the East, they were currently fighting a war with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania; their troops were stretched thin enough as it was. Yet Simeon still wanted him to waste time and effort on Tyrol.

Judging from the expansion rate of Berengar's forces, it would not be long before such a war would be unwinnable for the Catholics; the Berengar Heresy was likely to flourish in Germany as its tenants were appealing to the nobility and common folk alike. Now that the Golden Horde had invaded, it was no longer his concern; the Papacy would have to find some other fool to wage that war. If only those French bastards had not dismantled the Templar Order, maybe they could have been the ones to bring the Church's justice to Berengar.

All of these thoughts swirled in the mind of the Grand Master as he silently drank from his cup; when he was finished with the wine within, he tossed the chalice aside and instructed the Commander of his orders.

"Alert the men; we ride for the East. Hopefully, the armies we have stationed there can hold off the enemy long enough for our reinforcements?"

After hearing this order, the Commander was confused and, as such, attempted to clarify the issue at hand.

"And the Berengar Heresy?"

The Grand Master grabbed ahold of his sword belt and tied it around his waist as he casually dismissed the issue.

"Let someone else deal with it; we have bled enough."

With that said, the Teutonic Order completely disregarded the events in Oberstdorf and the defeat of Lambert and his army; after all, they had far more pressing concerns to attend to. As such, The Grand Master had begun to muster the forces in the Westernmost region of the Teutonic State, the war in the East had begun, and they had limited time to make it before they were overwhelmed. It did not take long before The forces at Malbork had gathered and began to ride off into the East; the other armies of the Teutonic State would be mustered along the way. The Teutonic War against the Golden Horde had just begun, buying Berengar some much-needed time to build up his defenses.

When Pope Simeon II heard that the Teutonic Order had snubbed him and marched to the East, he would be greatly infuriated; to enact his vengeance upon Berengar, he would need a new army to fight against him. Unfortunately for him, all of the Catholic Military Orders were currently undergoing some form of warfare, and the Byzantines to the East had already begun to form friendly ties with Berengar. As such safety, and security for the people of Tyrol had been secured for the time being. Something in which Berengar would take full advantage of to bring his vision of a fortified Tyrol into reality. When the Catholic Church could muster an army large enough to invade Tyrol, the region would be one giant self-sustaining fortress.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158: If You Want Peace, Prepare For War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A month had passed since the battle with the Teutonic Order in Oberstdorf, and Berengar had spent much of this time as a much-needed vacation. His eye was fully healed aside from the fact that he was blind within it, and no longer presented a danger to his life; as such, he wore the luxurious eyepatch he had created over the heavily scarred tissue. Overcoming the loss of an eye was not an easy task, and he needed to teach himself how to shoot and fight effectively with what used to be considered his off-hand. As such, when he was not hard at work managing the realm's affairs, he was adapting to his circumstances.

After being healed, he wrote a letter to Adela informing her of what had transpired and the injury in which he had suffered, though he assured her he was fully healed, and despite losing sight in his dominant eye, he was doing quite well for himself. He made sure to emphasize the need for her to stay safe in these troubled times, and as such, he implied to her not to do anything rash due to his injury. Before long Berengar found himself looking at construction blueprints.

After the battle with Lambert, several men had suffered grievous injuries so much so that their bodies could not be identified, which reminded Berengar of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in his previous life, Berengar decided to have a monument similar to that constructed within Kufstein to represent all of the unidentifiable soldiers who had perished in his wars, as well as those who might one day go missing in action.

This was yet another of his many monuments that were undergoing construction. He had the wealth to splurge, so he felt it necessary to create a culture that honored their soldiers as early as possible. One day Germany would be united under a sense of militarism much like Prussia had done to the German Empire in his previous life's timeline.

When Berengar met with the House of Lords to discuss his new monuments, they were happy to see him. Since his injury, he had seldom left his Castle, and many of them were worried about his condition. After all, he had only left a bastard son behind, who was not legitimized... yet. When they saw the eyepatch on his face, they knew that he had suffered a permanent injury, and as such, took a moment of silence to commemorate his loss.

Nevertheless, Berengar quickly managed to convince the noblemen to take action, and as such, he displayed his plans for a Tomb of the Unknown Soldier for all to see; the design was essentially a rip off of the American one, with the same words carved upon it, albeit slightly altered to fit his needs.

"Here lies in honored glory a German Soldier, known but to God."

One of the bodies of a soldier killed in the Battle of Oberstdorf who was unrecognizable would be interred within, and it would be a Grand Ceremony for all of Kufstein to be invited to attend. The cost of this monument would be significantly lower than the large bronze statues dedicated to different aspects of society that were currently undergoing production, such as the military, the labor force, and the agricultural force. It was a much more simplistic design, but it was because of this simplistic design that it was a beautiful monument in its own right.

Seeing the depiction of the monument and its cost-effectiveness, the House of Lords held a vote for approval, which was merely a formality's sake at this point since Berengar's word was still the law in Tyrol, despite the drafting of a Constitution. At the end of the day, a Constitution was a piece of paper whose principles were only enforced through military might.

Considering the Military was a branch indoctrinated with loyalty towards Berengar and the von Kufstein Dynasty, more so than the State itself, Berengar, in practice, wielded near-absolute authority. Especially when the House of Commons and House of Lords were stacked with members, Berengar approved of. After all, as the Head of State, he reserved the right to dismiss anyone in parliament and replace them with someone he saw fit.

On paper, Tyrol was a Semi-Constitutional Elective County, and as far as the people believed, this was true. In reality, it currently acted more like a dictatorship, albeit with an intricate and meritocratic bureaucracy. Berengar did not just appoint yesman to their positions; they had to have been capable in their own right so that he may delegate responsibilities; he simply appointed capable men who were loyal to him, and at the moment, they were few and far between, as such both the House of Commons and House of Lords were a fraction of the size they were intended to be.

However, there were no complaints about the establishment of this monument, and it was met with a unanimous vote by both chambers of parliament. After the vote was over, Arnulf, who was currently a member of the House of Lords, approached Berengar to check on his physical and mental health.

"Your Excellency, I was wondering how are you holding up?"

Berengar smiled and clasped Arnulf on the shoulder in a friendly gesture.

"I am doing well, despite losing the sight in my right eye. You could say I am quickly adapting to my circumstances, even if it is a bit tedious using my off hand for everything."

Arnulf smiled when he heard the good news and began to make small talk with Berengar about current events.

"Your Excellency, have you heard about the recent events in the East?"

Berengar had been on vacation until recently and had not yet heard about what had happened. As such, he gazed at Arnulf with an inquisitive gaze and asked about what he was referring to.

"I'm afraid I am unaware; why did something important happen?"

Arnulf was sure that Bernegar had spent the last month spending quality time with his family, and in his opinion, the young Count deserved a break for once; the man was practically working himself to death every day. As such, he was not shocked to know that Berengar was not informed of the current happenings in Eastern Europe. Thus he elected to inform him.

"The Golden Horde has attacked the Teutonic State, and in response, the Order has marched their armies to the East in an attempt to hold onto the territory they have gained against the Muscovites. It appears the loss of Lambert and his men has greatly affected their fighting capability."

Berengar chuckled lightly when he heard this before expressing his views.

"Good, that ought to keep them busy for some time. It gives us a much-needed reprieve so that we can focus on constructing our defenses and implementing our industrial and agricultural reforms."

Arnulf agreed wholeheartedly with this statement, and as such, he began to question Berengar's plans for the future; after all, Berengar had not shared with many people his vision for a unified German Empire, and he could not help but notice the monument said, "German Soldier" instead of "Tyrolean Soldier."

"So tell me, what do you think Duke Wilmar's chances of winning this war is?"

Berengar scoffed at the idea before saying the objective truth or what he thought it to be.

"I do not bother speculating about the future, Lord Arnulf, for the future is malleable from what we do here and now. However, I have a suspicion that the ultimate winner of this chaotic era will be a man that the higher nobility least expects. Someone who will take advantage of the weakened factions towards the end of the war to become the victor."

Hearing Berengar's thoughts on the matter left Arnulf with a lot of speculation. However, Berengar had not outright admitted it. It sounded to Arnulf like the young Count had lofty ambitions, and something deep inside his mind told him it was entirely plausible for Berengar to achieve these things. After all, the young man went from being Baron's son and heir to a Count in roughly a year.

He had stood beside Berengar as he went through this monumental transition and knew now that Tyrol's security was ensured, Berengar would undoubtedly focus on rebuilding the army and constructing defenses across the region. If the peace in Tyrol could last, Berengar would ultimately be in such a position towards the end of the war, one in which he could reap the spoils.

Of course, as Berengar had stated earlier, time was malleable, and the future was uncertain, it might be possible for an event to occur in the near future which could drag Berengar into this massive conflict far earlier than he expected. Or things could go exactly how Berengar planned. The only entity who could know the future was God, assuming he really existed.

As such, Berengar stayed with the house of Lords for the rest of his day's work, overseeing his plans for military expansion and defensive spending. The budget he had outlined perfectly took into account all of their current assets and the potential for future growth with the trade to the Byzantine Empire. Peace is always temporary, and Berengar planned to take full advantage of the time he had. As the old Roman adage stated, Si vis Pacem, Para Bellum, in translation If you want peace, prepare for war.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159: Council of Kufstein
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the Teutonic Order's defeat in Oberstdorf, Berengar's fame had increased exponentially. The fact that he resisted such a massive army and dealt a devastating blow to the Crusaders who invaded Germany at the behest of the Pope to put down the so-called Berengar Heresy had emboldened Berengar's followers.

The town of Suhl and the destruction wrought upon it by the Papacy's forces became a symbol of resistance against Papal Authority. As a result, noblemen and clergy alike flocked to Kufstein to discuss the details of the German Reformation and how to proceed. While Berengar entertained these delegates inside his Great Hall, he merely sat upon his seat of power with his skull chalice in his hands, drinking from wine as he listened to the Noblemen and Clergy squabble over the direction in which this Reformist movement should take.

At the moment, there was a significant figure of the Catholic Church present, and that was the old and wise Cardinal who had tried to mend the divide in the Catholic Church at the meeting of the Council of Constance the year before. After seeing what Simeon and his French counterpart had done to the Catholic Church, the old Cardinal decided to throw his lot in with Berengar. At the moment, he was closely observing Berengar's actions. He was quite shocked to see that Berengar was allowing the discussion to take its course naturally, rather than enforcing his views onto everyone else.

While the Prince-Bishop of Chur and the Count of Vorarlberg were debating over the degree to which the Church should Separate themselves, Berengar watched calmly as if all his plans were going smoothly. Eventually, the Prince-Bishop of Chur made a bold declaration for the entire Council to hear.

"I will gladly give up my authority over Chur in favor of a like-minded nobleman! The Church should focus on the spiritual affairs of God, and not the mortal affairs of men!"

With this said, a smirk spread across Berengar's lips as he witnessed the scene coming to fruition. A powerful Prince-Bishop would take the lead and dissolve the Church's authority over the Region of Chur, one of his neighbors, in favor of a German-speaking reformist nobleman. It was certainly a bold declaration. Nevertheless, this would be the key to conquering the Swiss Confederacy and incorporating it into his Empire in the future, and as such, Berengar was very pleased.

However, that was a plot for another time; now, he needed to solidify the foundation for his reformation.? Ultimately the topic of the separation of Church and State was practically universally agreed upon by the people in the room, and the reason for the debate was more of a border squabble between Chur and Vorarlberg than it was religious. Thus when the men continued to argue over such irrelevant things Berengar grunted in displeasure which instantly silenced the two parties. After which the subject of the Council moved onto the next point of contention.

The next item on the menu was the question of Clerical celibacy which sparked an enormous debate. After all, there were plenty of sex scandals in the Church, even during the medieval period. However, Berengar knew exactly what maintaining celibacy could lead to and was against such a point. While the people were arguing over which option their reformist movement should take, Berengar spoke up for the first time during the meeting. The moment he did so, everyone stood in silence, listening to his words, which were not his own, but those from the gospel.

"Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils; Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron; Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth. Every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if received with thanksgiving: For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer. 1 Timothy 4:1-5."

When the room heard these words, they knew exactly what Berengar meant; the gospel states that actions such as celibacy and refusing to eat meat as well as some of the other Catholic practices were against the teachings of the Apostles and Christ Himself. In particular, the old cardinal, who had been waiting for Berengar's input, was shocked when he heard Berengar quote the Bible so perfectly, even memorizing the exact verse. Finally, the old man spoke up as well.

"I agree with Berengar, if we are to take the words of Christ and the Apostles as the basis for the reformation, then prohibiting the marriage of the clergy, and forcing them to take vows of celibacy is against the teachings of Christ and should not be enforced."

Hearing both Berengar, who was at the head of the Reformation, and a high-ranking member of the current Church both agree on the matter, those who doubted the validity of such as concept before now found themselves nodding their heads in approval. For on the topic of spirituality, who could argue with the words of the Gospel?

Berengar nodded at the Cardinal, whom he had been aware was watching him closely this entire time. Truthfully Berengar did not know if the man was an infiltrator of the Papacy or if he was as irritated with the Church's behavior as Berengar was. However, with his endorsement on this matter, he began to suspect the man was genuinely pious and cared more for the teachings of Christ than the power of the Papacy. A trait that was exceptionally rare in a man of his position during this era.

After concluding that topic, it came down to another important aspect of Christian reformation, which was salvation and how it was achieved. One of the priests present, an elderly man with a lengthy white beard, made his opinion on the matter known.

"Through a life of good works and faith in God is the path in which one enter's the gates of heaven!"

However, another priest was in firm disagreement over this regard and voiced his concern.

"The bible teaches us that it is through faith in Christ alone that one achieves eternal life!"

The two priests began to butt heads, which was a common occurrence in any religious discussion, and as such, Berengar voiced his opinion on the matter

"For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast. - Ephesians 2:8-9"

after saying this, Berengar once more was able to garner the attention of everyone present. As such, he quickly followed his thought.

"It is through the bible, not the traditions of the Catholic church which our reformation should be based upon, and because the bible teaches us that only through faith in Christ shall we enter through the Gates of Heaven, then it must be so!"

Through Berengar's interruption, these two issues were eventually settled into an agreement; through faith, one gains salvation, not action, and the fact that religious truth stems from the bible, not the teachings of the Catholic Church. After giving such information, the final argument for the basis of their reformation came down to the Eucharist, and Berengar personally did not care in the slightest for this issue. As a closet Athiest, how the Reformists viewed the Eucharist or communion as some branches of Christianity referred to it in his previous life had absolutely no bearing on his political authority.

As such, the men present argued among themselves until finally it was agreed upon that the Eucharist represented both the body and blood of Christ, but also the bread and wine. With all of these major points of contention ironed out, the First Council of the German Reformist Church was concluded and though there would be more later in life. The split in the Catholic Church, which had been prevented for so long in this timeline, finally occurred; with the endorsement of the wise Cardinal who formerly sat upon the Council of Constance, German Reformism had come into existence, bringing a further degree of civil strife to Germany as Reformists and Catholics would soon begin to split the already fragile duchies apart.

The wise Cardinal was aware the entire time of what Berengar's plans were. After the meeting was over and the Reformation had been decided, he approached Berengar to talk with him about his plans for the future personally. Seeing the wise old man come to him directly, Berengar felt cautious at first and raised his hand, signaling the old man to maintain his distance.

"Cardinal, is there something I can help you with?"

The Cardinal smiled amicably at Berengar, though behind his kind smile was a face filled with a degree of wariness similar in level to Berengar; as such, he began to speak to the man who he knew was bound to change the world.

"I must say I am impressed..."

Finding the cryptic message, amusing Berengar decided to take the bait.

"With?"

The man stood several feet away from Berengar, who was currently seated in his position of power. As such, there was ample space to prevent any threat; of course, Berengar's guards were on watch and would have no problem slaying the Cardinal if he made a move on Berengar's life. Luckily for everyone in the room, he had no such intentions.

"In my many years, I have met Kings, and Emperors, and plenty of them. Yet none of them have had the ability to influence the Church as you have. Within a single year, you have climbed from the position of a Lowly Baron's son to that of an influential Count whose arms and armor are sold to every corner of Germany, supplying the factions who vie for the Vacant throne. Yet during this time, you also manage to inspire a schism in the Church, the likes which I fear we have never seen before. Tell me truthfully, Berengar, are you an Angel sent here by God to liberate us from the shackles of the Church's corruption, or are you a Demon whose sole purpose is to benefit from the chaos and destruction that you leave in your wake?"

Berengar studied the man's words carefully; he knew very well that the old Cardinal was not literally asking if he was an Angel or a Demon, but which side his character reflected. Berengar played with lambert's skull for a few moments with his fingers before taking a sip out of its contents. Afterward, he exhaled deeply. After careful consideration, Berengar had decided to tell the old man the truth; after all, he could tell by the way in which he had voiced the question that he had already seen through Berengar's plans.

"Can't I be both?"

The Old cardinal's smile never disappeared, and instead, he turned around and walked away, saying his thoughts on the matter before walking out the door. After all, he had received a satisfying answer to his question.

"Well-played..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160: Proclamation of the Reformation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the corner of the great hall of Berengar's castle, Ludolf stayed standing; he had sat through and watched the entirety of the Council of Kufstein take place. As an important figurehead of the reformation, he had been privy to the meeting between the various noblemen and clergy members who supported his and Berengar's endeavors. Though he seldom spoke, his words had carried great weight.

Having witnessed the conversation between the Cardinal and Berengar, Ludolf took the opportunity to approach his old friend, who had helped him on his path to enlightenment. When Berengar was sitting alone on his seat of power, Ludolf approached and began to express his thoughts on the principles of what would soon become known as the German Reformation.

"Your excellency, you should know that the Church's response will be one of sheer brutality, with the Cardinal turning his back on the Catholic Church and endorsing our ideas, there will be no shortage of chaos that follows..."

Berengar gazed at the priest who had been instrumental in spreading the message of the reformation with a solemn expression on his face.

"Great change in society will always lead to conflict between those who are too stubborn to advance with the new age. From the moment we began to challenge papal authority, it was inevitable that blood would be spilled. However, this brings opportunity; the more the Catholics seek to oppress us, the easier it will be to drive them from the German lands!"

Ludolf sighed heavily at the thought; he knew at the moment Catholics and Reformists could not peacefully coexist; he also knew that Berengar planned to take advantage of the ensuing violence to establish himself as a major power within the European realms. However, Ludolf was a pious man and did not care which secular leader sat upon the Throne of Germany so long as the ruler was friendly towards the reformation.

The young priest admitted he was quite lucky; Berengar and his armies afforded him protection, and as such, the Church had no real ability to punish him for his alleged heretical beliefs without a full-scale invasion of Tyrol, which at the moment would prove difficult for them, due to the numerous conflicts the existing Holy Orders continued to wage.

Ultimately Ludolf found himself in agreement with Berengar's words. However, he still expressed his concern.

"Germany is already in a state of turmoil; this schism in the Church will undoubtedly cause more conflict. The Duchies will fracture as Lords turn on one another over accusations of heresy and corruption. Do you not lament the loss of life that will occur?"

Berengar nodded his head at Ludolf's words and offered his own views on the matter.

"Did you forget what happened to Suhl? If we do not gain significant support for our cause, countless people will be murdered by the Church in an attempt to suppress our views. Only by uniting together and forming a block of like-minded Noblemen and Clergy can we withstand the might of the Catholic Church and spread our views! Yes, lives will be lost in this conflict, but think about how many voices will be snuffed out if we sit back and do nothing!"

After hearing these words, and being reminded of what the Teutonic Order had done to the Town of Suhl, even a pious man like Ludolf struggled to contain his rage. Such an outrageous action was all too common for Crusaders, especially in the middle east. Yet to do it to your fellow Christians over a simple difference of opinion, Ludolf found that unforgivable. As such, he clenched his fists and found his resolve to weather the tide that would soon be arriving. After several moments of contemplation, he responded to Berengar's words.

"I understand... I will do what I must to spread the word of our reformation!"

Seeing Ludolf had agreed, Berengar smiled and rose from his seat before walking over to Ludolf and clasped him on the shoulders in a friendly gesture.

"It is up to us to liberate the German people from the shackles of the Church!"

Ludolf nodded at Berengar's words and smiled before responding.

"Indeed!"

With that, the two men had begun the Protestant Reformation a hundred years in advance of which would naturally occur within this timeline without Berengar's intervention. The next day the public announcement of the German Reformist Church was declared, with Tyrol being its seat of influence. However, the regions occupied by Reformist Lords and clergy did not stop there; it spread into portions of Chur, Vorarlberg, Salzburg, K?rnten, Upper Bavaria, and Swabia well. Southern Germany and Eastern Switzerland had become a hot zone of Reformist thought and teachings. Many of the local Lords and middle nobility shared their interests and protected their people from the wrath of the Catholic Church and their followers.

...

Of course, when news of this Schism spread to the Vatican, Pope Simeon II nearly had an aneurysm from the sheer degree of rage he felt. He instantly began to curse at his Cardinals upon hearing that a large swath of Southern Germany and Eastern Switzerland had basically declared open rebellion against his authority. He could no longer deny that the influence of Berengar and Ludolf had spread beyond his imagination. It was time to settle the dispute with the so-called Papacy of Avignon, for if the Catholic Church were not united, they would not be able to quash this Heresy, and the Church would be permanently in a state of schism.

As such, Pope Simeon got down from his throne and approached one of his subordinates. The expression on his face was one of utter fury as he bellowed his orders at the man.

"Contact that French Bastard, and let him know that I'm calling for the Council of Constance to meet earlier than anticipated. This Heresy is too important to wait any longer!"

However, the meeting spot of the Council of Constance would have to change from the Bisophric of Constance to a new venue; after all, Germany was now a hotbed of religious and civil conflict. They would not be safe within its borders; as such, the final Council of Constance would be moved to neutral ground in Cordoba, Spain, in this timeline.

The subordinate quickly bowed his head to the Pope and agreed immediately to his demands.

"Of course, your holiness!"

With that, subordinate had rushed to fulfill his task leaving Pope Simeon II fuming in anger at the thought of Berengar's influence over Southern Germany, which had spread like wildfire since the Pope had first heard of the young man less than a year ago. He did not know how Berengar had managed to achieve such things, yet it was becoming clear that if Simeon was the representative of God on Earth, Berengar was Satan's representative. Or at least in the eyes of the Catholic Church. Berengar the Accursed had caused too much damage to Catholic Influence over Southern Germany, and his views would only spread further now that they had received legitimacy in the eyes of high-ranking Clergymen and Nobility.

Simeon Scoffed at the idea and voiced his inner thoughts aloud for all nearby to hear.

"Church of the German Reformation?! What nonsense is this? These heretics will pay for their sins one way or another; I swear by the Heavenly Father that I will personally see and end to this farce!"

Despite this solemn vow, Simeon would have a difficult time doing so, as the reconciliation between the Papacy of the Vatican and the Papacy of Avignon at the upcoming Council of Constance, or as it would be known in the future as the Council of Cordoba, would prove to be a challenge to his authority as Pope. After all, he intended to mend the schism between Avignon and the Vatican, and this would require some form of agreement to come into place about who was the one true Pope.

The Council of Kufstein and the following Proclamation of the German Reformation would forever alter the history in this timeline. Years of bloodshed and destruction would follow this development. However, in the end, these events would lead to further schisms in the Church. The Protestant Reformation had begun, and pandora's box had been opened. Despite the Catholic Church's best efforts, they would never be able to hold onto the absurd amount of Power they had sustained throughout these past centuries; Berengar had made sure of that.

Ironically the Papacy had brought this upon themselves. If the Church had left Berengar alone, he never would have started this conflict so early in his lifetime. Initially, he had planned to live out a life of peace as a lowly Baron and bring wealth and prosperity to his people. However, Lambert's actions and those of his allies in the Church had forced his hand, as Berengar accumulated more power, so too did his ambitions and enemies grow, and when the Church reached out its hand to swat him away like a mosquito, he bit down into it and inflicted a dangerous disease upon it.

Thus, they had created a powerful enemy by trying to get rid of a seemingly insignificant Baron's son in an isolated region within Tyrol. One who would forever liberate the German people from the Shackles of the Catholic Church and the immense corruption that sustained it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161: The Council of Cordoba I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Enough time had passed since the Proclamation of the German Reformation, to the point where the authorities of the Catholic Church, or at least those who were still loyal to it, had gathered in Cordoba at its famous Cathedral. There they began to squabble about the ongoing events that were of pressing concern. Berengar's Reformation was far more popular than they had initially estimated, especially after the revelation of the Church's infinite corruption and crimes by Ludolf. As such, this was the most important concern in which they discussed at the gathering.

Simeon, as always, had started the meeting by shouting at anyone who opposed him. Though he called this meeting ahead of schedule to address the German Reformation and the Schism between the Papacy in Avignon and the Vatican, he was not a diplomatic man. He was currently engaged in a debate with the Pope of Avignon, Avilius III, over what should be done about the matter.

"If we do not mend our differences, this heresy being called the German Reformation will sweep across Christendom like a plague!"

However, Avilius was in disagreement after all Berengar had labeled it the German reformation. After the last meeting, the French Pope had gathered quite a bit of information on Berengar. As far as he could tell, Berengar's ambitions solely lay within the German-speaking regions. Thus he did not accept the notion that this Reformation was designed for anything more than Germany. Thus he was certain to voice his opinion on the matter.

"Berengar and his pet priest Ludolf have labeled this the German Reformation. Why should I care what those savages to the East believe? The Holy Roman Empire is your puppet, not mine!"

Avilius, as always, was drinking from an entire flagon of wine while making his opinion well heard. Though he was not as abrasive as Simeon, he was equally short-sighted, not realizing that allowing the German Reformation to fester could allow newer branches of Christianity to pop up and further challenge Papal Authority. These two men were both proclaiming themselves to be the central figure of authority for all of Christendom, and as such, were constantly at one another's throats.

Simeon, as always, was flushed with rage; his face was practically the color of a tomato as he shouted at Avilius once more.

"Not your problem! The souls of every German are at risk to this heresy. Do you not care about their salvation?"

Avilius merely smirked smugly in response to Simeon's accusations. He could not very well admit his utter contempt for the German people; after all, such a declaration would be unbefitting of a man who proclaimed himself Pope. However, he could not reject the claim in good conscience, as doing so would compromise his beliefs. This action, of course, further enraged Simeon, who struggled to contain his growing wrath.

Seeing the direction in which the meeting was heading toward one of the Cardinals present immediately raised a major concern. After all, the voice of reason who normally convinced these two to behave themselves was no longer present, for he had switched sides and joined the German Reformation.

"Cardinal Engelbert is no longer with us, and as such, we should take time to consider the consequences of having a Cardinal join this heresy known as the German Reformation."

Seeing that the discussion was switched in another direction, the two Popes decided to put aside their differences for the time being and address this concern. Avilius' reaction was quite extraordinary.

"We should capture all of the German Cardinals and interrogate them to find out whether or not they have sympathies for this Heresy! It is the only way to ensure that more of them do not flock to this so-called Reformation."

Simeon, on the other hand, was once more outraged over Avilius's ideas. Though the Italian Monarch led the Holy Roman Empire, the Kingdom of Germany had always been an important factor in the Empire's stability; for many centuries, the German monarchs ruled the Empire. With the ongoing civil and religious crisis in Germany, the power and authority of the Holy Roman Emperor had diminished. In Simeon's view, if they were to discriminate against the German Cardinals who have shown no sign of heresy, then they would be driving more people into the German Reformation, thus weakening the authority of not only the Vatican but also the Holy Roman Empire.

Of course, the only person who would benefit from such an outcome would be Avilius, the Pope of Avignon, whose influence greatly stretched to the Kingdom of France, which had a long-standing rivalry with Germany for many centuries. As such, Simeon quickly responded to this idea with contempt.

"You would like that wouldn't you, Avilius? The only person who could benefit from the resulting chaos that would ensue would be you!"

Avilius, of course, was drinking from his flagon of wine when he denied the accusations against him.

"I am sure I have no idea what you are talking about, Simeon."

The result of this brief exchange caused the entire council to result in chaos as the cardinals and bishops who gathered all began to scream at each other and hurl insults. Eventually, a loud whistling noise appeared across the room, instantly silencing all of the banter. When the cardinals and bishops searched for who was responsible for the noise, they noticed a Cardinal scowling at all of them as if they were a bunch of bratty children. After staring down the crowd of clergymen for some time, the Cardinal finally voiced his opinion on the matter.

"It has become increasingly clear to me that neither Avilius nor Simeon are fit to be Pope; thus, what I propose is simple. Both of you, two imbeciles, step down from your positions and allow us all to elect a single new Pope, one who is actually capable of combatting the crisis in which we find ourselves!"

Avilius and Simeon immediately protested this option. However, they found little support in the room.

"Absolutely not!"

"Who are you calling an imbecile?"

Yet, not a single voice defended them among the crowd; the two men finally realized that their support had dwindled. Last year this council was split into two sides that supported either of the two potential Popes. However, now, after the debacle that had occurred during this timeframe and their petty squabbling, not a single clergyman within the room was in support of either of these prospective Popes. The Cardinal who voiced this option stared menacingly at the two self-proclaimed Popes and chastised them like children.

"Engelbert joined the Reformist movement because he was sick and tired of dealing with you idiots and felt that the Reformist movement provided a better alternative. If neither of you is willing to abdicate, then you leave us with no choice. We will elect a new Pope and declare both of your positions invalid, which will only further increase the volatility of the situation we find ourselves in. For once in your lives, you two should do what is best for the Church and not your own selfish ambitions!"

After such a verbal thrashing, both Simeon and Avillius looked at each other with helpless expressions; ultimately, Avillius was the first to speak.

"I voluntarily abdicate my position as head of the Papacy of Avignon and hereby declare my support to the election of a new unified Pope!"

With Avillius abdication, all that remained was Simeon. As such, the entire Council of Cordoba stared at him with intimidating eyes before finally the man broke from the pressure and bent to their will.

"I, too, abdicate my position."

With that, the two former Popes sat down in their seats and admitted defeat. They may be a pair of incompetent fools. Still, even they could realize when they lacked support if they refused to abdicate, they would be forced by the Ecclesiarchy out of their positions and wander the world as Self-Proclaimed Popes with no real power or authority. It was best to remove themselves and still maintain some degree of authority within a unified Catholic Church.

Thus, the College of Cardinals would hold an election in the upcoming month, where a single Pope would be elected and placed in command of the Catholic Church for years to come. Whether or not this Pope would be more competent than Simeon and Avilius were yet to be known, but it was a good start on the path to recovery. Though they solved one of the major issues of contention, Two major issues presented themselves, which needed to be thoroughly discussed. The ongoing German Reformation and the Teutonic State's war with the Golden Horde. As such, the Council had only begun to solve the current crisis the Catholic Church was going through.

While the Council of Cordoba was ongoing, Berengar and his allies in the German Reformation had made great plans to secure the regions in which their movement had taken a foothold. Tyrol, of course, was as secure as a region could become in this chaotic age, yet Berengar's neighbors would need some assistance, and the young Count was more than happy to capitalize on such a venture.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162: Council of Cordoba II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Many of the Cardinals and Bishops had gathered within the Cathedral of Cordoba to discuss the many problems currently plaguing the Catholic Church. Though they had finally found a solution to mend the old Western Schism that had been ongoing for close to half a century, there were still two major issues that presented themselves. Chief among them was the ongoing German Reformation, which had spread beyond their control. To the Southern regions of Germany. As such, the various Cardinals and Bishops were discussing how to move forward. With Simeon and Avillius removed from power, the conversation was far more cordial between the various factions of the Church.

At the moment, the answer which everyone had agreed to was military force. However, the military orders of the Catholic church were all busy fighting external enemies at the moment, and the last group of Crusaders, which was tasked with eliminating Berengar and purging Tyrol of heretics, was slaughtered in battle by Berengar's forces. As for the Vatican, they were aware that Berengar was using advanced weapons within his army. One man, in particular, acted as a second-hand witness to this information. That was the Prince-Bishop of Trent, whose lands were annexed by Berengar during his winter campaign to seize Tyrol.

The Prince-Bishop spoke with an intense hatred for Berengar about the issues at hand and how it would not be an easy task to route out the Reformists who have mostly formed within the mountainous territory of the Alps.

"The weapons in which Berengar's infantry use have the capacity to kill a man at over 400 yards; they penetrate through plate armor with ease and leave an untreatable hole in the victim's bodies! These are no mere hand cannons but something else entirely! The average soldier is equipped with plate armor that covers their vital areas, and is virtually impenetrable by man's weapons! If we are to march on the Alps, we would need a massive force, one in which is armed with the hand cannon in vast numbers!"

The surrounding clergymen listened to this Prince-Bishop's rant, and many of them did not believe their ears. After all, how could such a weapon possibly exist? Nevertheless, what came next shocked them further.

"He employs cannons, whose cannonballs explode upon impact, killing multiple men within the blast zone! These cannons are highly maneuverable and far more destructive than anything we have seen before! I know not how he obtained these advanced weapons, but we can not win by sheer numbers. After all, the Teutonic Order tried these tactics, and they were trapped in the mountains where the heretics mercilessly slaughtered them!

The more the Prince-Bishop ranted and raved about the spectacular performance of Berengar's weapons and the armies who wielded them, the more clergymen within the meeting began to disregard his words as pure fiction. At a point, a relatively fat and loathsome Cardinal raised his head and began to insult the Prince-Bishop.

"I suppose you personally witnessed these weapons in use?"

This question immediately made the Prince-Bishop of Trent frown; after all, he had not witnessed the battle that had taken place; instead, he was hiding like a coward in his Cathedral before fleeing the city while his soldiers sacrificed themselves. Ultimately he had to admit to the fact that this was all second-hand information from his garrison commander.

"I am afraid not; however, this information was reported to me by my garrison commander before he and his men distracted the heretics long enough for me to escape to the Vatican to deliver the news!"

Several of the attending members of the council of Cordoba began to scoff at the Prince-Bishop of Trent's words. Clearly, the Prince-Bishop believed the wild tales of a frightened soldier, or so many of the council members believed. Ultimately few decided to take the Prince-Bishop's warning seriously. After all, they severely lacked the manpower to invade Southern Germany in the first place. That is, of course, until one of the Cardinals proposed an opportunity.

"Why don't we call for a Crusade to wipe out the heretics in Germany? It has worked before. Even if they are as well-armed as the Prince-Bishop claims, what can they possibly do against an army of a hundred thousand men who have taken up the cross? Surely we can sponsor such a vast army, by calling upon the Lords and Knights of Europe to defend Christendom from this vile blasphemy? Do we really need to wait for the existing holy orders to finish their wars when we can create new ones?"

These were all excellent questions, which could easily be answered, after all, it had been quite some time since a Pope had declared a Crusade, and due to the success of the previous Crusades in this world, the idea was quite popular and would undoubtedly draw in a lot of potential troops to invade Southern Germany with. After a bit of discussion, this was how the Council of Cordoba chose to deal with Berengar and the Reformist movement.

Unfortunately for the future Crusaders, by the time they could fully prepare such a massive force for the invasion, years would have passed, and Tyrol would be a self-sustaining stronghold. Berengar would be more than ready for such a force. However, how could these men possibly know the future? As such, after figuring out how to deal with the German Reformation, they moved on to the last topic at hand. One of the participating Cardinals brought up the matter of the Teutonic State and the crisis they were currently facing.

"The Teutonic Order has angered the Golden Horde by waging war against the Grand Duchy of Moscow, which is their protectorate; they are currently facing a crisis the likes we have not seen in decades. If we aid them, we will only be furthering the rift forming with the Eastern Orthodox Church. How shall we proceed?"

Instantly the opinion of the participating clergymen was divided, some supported the Teutonic Order, and others believed they should never have been attacking the Orthodox to begin with. As such, they quickly devolved into an argument about this issue. One of the Bishops attending voiced his support for the Teutonic Order and their conquests of the East.

"The Teutonic Order is the bulwark of Christiandom in the East; they must not fall to these heathens! I say we supply them with the funding and equipment necessary to win the war at their doorsteps!"

However, a Cardinal instantly voiced his objection to this matter.

"Preposterous, we should never have been involved with the Teutonic Order's war in the first place. If Simeon had not supported them in their efforts, they never would have had the ability to take over the Muscovites. Now more than ever, we need to rely on our allies to the East. The German Reformation will be causing a lot of troubles in the future, and we will need the support of the Orthodox short if we seek to end it swiftly!"

Without a Pope in the audience, there was no way to move forward with the ideas presented unless all parties agreed; they could easily agree on a Crusade to crush the German Reformation, but supporting the Teutonic Order during their crisis in which they brought upon themselves? That was a point of contention between the various factions of the Church. As such, the men continued to squabble amongst themselves over this one issue for a week before concluding that they would provide material aid to the Teutonic Order, but they would not provide any troops or economic support.

The Teutonic Order was left on its own to fight the enemies in which it had created, at least for the most part. After all, the Church was more concerned with putting down the German Reformation, which posed a far greater threat than the Golden Horde. If this were the army of Genghis Khan from centuries prior, then maybe there would be a need for concern. However, at the moment, Berengar was a far greater threat for the Church, and they needed time and resources to prepare for a great Crusade against him and his followers.

Berengar, of course, anticipated this move by the Church, and he had no qualms building a sufficient force in the meantime to deal with the threat the Crusaders would pose shortly. However, for now, he was fairly relaxed as he focused his efforts on what he had been doing since his return from the campaign in Tyrol. Building his army and defenses while maintaining his trade with the various factions who wanted his arms and armor.

As for the Reformation's place in this world? It was not so easily diminished; word had spread that the German Reformation had begun, and plenty of people saw it as an opportunity to take back power from the Church, something in which most secular rulers had desired for some time. Even if they did not necessarily agree with the teachings of the German Reformation themselves, the idea of getting rid of the Church's influence over secular affairs was attractive enough to join in with the Reformist Movement as such Berengar's allies grew in numbers, which would be useful in the upcoming war with the Catholic Church.

Ultimately the Council of Cordoba ended in what could be considered a monumental success for the Catholic Church, the Western Schism had been mended, and a plan was in place to deal with the German Reformation, as for the Teutonic State, they were left to their own devices for the most part. Thus the Catholic Church had addressed the ongoing crises from which it was currently suffering. However, in the end, this would not be enough to stop the growing tide of the German Reformation and Berengar's rise to power.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163: Catfight
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The light of the sun shone down upon Adela's room and through her glass window, illuminating her doll-like face as she slept beneath her covers. It was well past dawn, and yet the young girl still slept; after all, she was still growing and, as such, needed her beauty rest. After a short period of struggling to adjust to the light which beamed upon her, she began to pout before opening her deep sapphire eyes and gazing at her window with contempt.

Now that she was awake, she decided to get out from under her covers, where she wore a frilly white nightgown; as per most of her clothing, Berengar designed it with both comfort and aesthetic in mind. The soft silk material dangled loosely from the growing curves of her adolescent body. After stretching for a little bit, she decided to go about her morning basic hygiene rituals such as bathing, brushing her teeth, and flossing before finally dressing in her exquisite attire based on Tudor and Elizabethan clothing patterns from Berengar's past life.

After getting dressed in her daily attire, she progressed to the dining hall where her family was gathering to eat breakfast; ever since her sister Ava had arrived in Graz, Adela had been doing her best to stay away from the woman, after all despite being siblings the two got along about as well as cats and dogs. For whatever reason, the Count of Salzburg's son and heir was spending his time in Graz with his wife and three children. Though Adela did not understand why this was the case, after all, Salzburg was safe enough, and the excuse of being on vacation visiting Ava's family had long since grown suspicious.

Despite Adela's growing concerns over her eldest sister's stay, she still tried to play nice with the young woman, and as such, the two sat across from one another at the dining table, where the two began to mince words. Ava was, as always, the perpetrator of their little disputes, and as such, decided to bully her cute little sister.

"Adela, I heard your fiance was bold enough to declare his heresy as a reformation! I wonder what will happen to him when the Pope finally declares a crusade to deal with the trouble he has caused; I worry for your safety, after all, you are engaged to the man that the Church refers to as Berengar the Accursed!"

Immediately the women went straight for the heart, knowing that Adela's relationship with Berengar was her most vulnerable point. However, since their first dispute, Adela had grown wiser and noticed that her eldest sister so commonly targetted Berengar with her words in an attempt to rile her up as such, Adela was as calm as a pond's surface as she rebutted Ava's taunt.

"Any force the Vatican sends into Tyrol will end up the same as the last group of fools who entered Berengar's domain in an attempt to remove him from power."

She was quite obviously referring to the slaughter of the Teutonic Order's army, which marched into Berengar's lands; the result of that battle was well known among the Lords and Ladies of the German-speaking regions. However, Ava knew something that most did not know; after all, her husband was the son and heir to the Count of Salzburg, and his father's spy network was extensive. As such, she further taunted Adela with her attacks on Berengar's character.

"Poor sweet little Lambert, I heard Berengar used some vile sorcery to kill that poor boy in battle; what kind of black-hearted man murders his own little brother?"

Though Adela tried to stay calm, hearing her sister compliment Lambert while insulting Berengar's character was enough to invoke ire in her heart.; Ava dared to act like Lambert was a saint, despite knowing of his past deeds. However, this was exactly how the Church was behaving about the issue. Every since Lambert's death, he had become a martyr in the eyes of Catholics and a stain on Berengar's reputation.

Every wicked deed the boy had ever committed was wiped away from his past by the powerful propaganda network of the Church; the Catholic church depicted him as an exceptionally pious man who voluntarily gave up his inheritance to serve the Teutonic Order. Where he was deployed to bring his brother, a condemned heretic, to justice. However, as the two fought on the battlefield, Berengar blinded Lambert with some vile sorcery before stabbing him in the back.

This was the tale in which the Catholic church told the world about Lambert and Berengar's duel within the battlefield of Oberstdorf. Obviously, it was completely fabricated, but unlike Adela, who now thought of herself as a reformist due to Berengar's influence, Ava was a devout Catholic much like the rest of her family and chose to further propagate this story, despite knowing its falsehood in a deliberate attempt to mess with Adela. Hearing such provoking words Adela could not control herself and immediately lashed out at Ava, who had succeeded in her aim.

"You know full well that Lambert was a devious little scoundrel who on multiple occasions tried to murder Berengar! What was his punishment for such actions? He was disowned and sent to the Teutonic Order to redeem himself, where he used the first opportunity he could get to try to get revenge on Berengar for being merciful; if you ask me, Berengar should have cut off his head, to begin with, it would have saved everyone some trouble!"

Ava smiled devilishly as she witnessed Adela fuming with anger, to the point where her cheeks were puffing like a chipmunk and were slightly flushed; in Ava's eyes, it was adorable. After seeing such a sight, of course, Ava could not resist and further poured salt on the wound.

"I suppose that is the excuse he told you after stealing Lambert's fiancee and impregnating her, right?"

Adela continued to fume in anger, but she did not lose control of her emotions. Instead, she forced herself to calm down before addressing Ava's last point. For the past few months, ever since Ava arrived, she had continuously beaten Adela in any argument solely because she would bring up this point after being sorely defeated in the previous rounds of engagement and cause Adela to throw a tantrum. However, not this time, Adela had finally figured out how to beat Ava this time around, and she threw her words right back into her face.

"So what if Berengar has a lover? He is a great man, and plenty of great men have had multiple women by their side throughout history! If your husband was half as accomplished as Berengar, he too could take a lover, and I doubt you would mind!"

These words completely baffled Ava and attacked her weakest point. She knew her husband was not nearly as accomplished as Berengar, nor would he ever achieve half of the things Berengar had in life. Aside from coming from a powerful family and being slightly good looking, her husband was a relatively dull and unambitious man. The fact that her youngest sister managed to get someone like Berengar as a fiance had greatly invoked her ire, and it was her reason for picking on Adela all of the time.

While Ava had an ugly expression on her face, Adela was smirking smugly at her, oh how the tables have turned. As for her husband, who was slightly older than ava herself and was named Wolfgang von Salzburg, it took him a few moments to realize that Adela had essentially implied he was a loser. During that time, Ava lashed out at Adela as she pounded the table with her fists extremely uncivilly.

"You think you are better than me because your fiance is extremely handsome, has never been defeated in battle, and is absurdly wealthy? How dare you!?!"

Adela was delighted at the moment, ever since Ava had first arrived, she had continued to lose these daily catfights, but now the shoe was on the other foot. Apparently, Ava was a very sore loser. As such, Adela merely scoffed at Ava and told her the words she was told every time she erupted at Ava in the past.

"We will discuss this later when you calm down."

If Ava's expression was ugly before, it was now outright hideous, she wanted to pounce at Adela on the spot, but she knew she could not do so; after all, such behavior was unladylike, and she had an image to maintain. As such, she quickly dug into the food on her plate while grumbling under her breath. Of course, it was at this moment Wolfgang finally realized that maybe there was a slight possibility that Adela had just insulted him, and as such, he whispered in Ava's ear asking about it.

"Did she just call me a loser?"

Ava nearly snapped at her husband's response; not only was he dull enough not to realize that he was insulted, but he had the nerve to ask her about it in front of the perpetrator; she really wishes she was married off to someone more like Berengar. Though she looked down on Berengar for being born into low nobility, the more he accomplished, the more Ava became jealous of Adela. After all, who cares about whether someone is born into low nobility or not when they go from being a baron's son and heir to a Count mighty enough to flip the bird to the Vatican in under a year?

After this little catfight was over, the family's breakfast continued in awkward silence; the only one satisfied with the results of this meal was Adela; she had won a great moral victory today against her sister. Adela believed it was doubtful that Ava would mock Berengar further now that her weakness was exposed. As such, she enjoyed the thick German Pancakes on her plate with delight.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164: Death of a Duke
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the past few months, Duke Wilmar of Austria has been in the process of conquering Bavaria. However, despite his initial progress, he currently found himself in a stalemate with the armies of Bavaria, which have returned from their campaign in Northern Germany to reclaim the land in which they had lost to Austria. Despite the advantages the Austrians initially had in this war, they now found themselves struggling to maintain the ground they had conquered.

The Bavarians had made great gains in Northern Germany, pursuing their claim for the vacant throne, however after realizing that the Austrians had stolen their Capital, they were forced to withdraw from their holdings and leave it to reconquest by the House of Luxembourg and their allies. As such, they were in a furious state as they gazed across the battlefield to see the Dastardly Austrians who had attacked them while they were pursuing their ambitions.

The two Dukes led their respective armies with Duke Wilmar von Habsburg in control of his personal forces and those of his vassals. Duke Dietger von Wittelsbach was in charge of the Bavarian army. Seeing as how nearly all of the two Duke's forces were gathered for this event, this would be the single most important battle of the war in Southern Germany to decide who would reign supreme, Austria or Bavaria. The battle ultimately would take place outside the city of Passau in Eastern Bavaria. Duke Wilmar was currently discussing the plans for the grand battle which was about to take place with his vassals, who were commanders in his army.

"Count Otto, my old friend, I wish for you to command the rear-guard, make sure that our flanks hold the line against any potential attack, especially that of Cavalry."

Seeing that he was not tasked with leading the Vanguard, Otto frowned, however despite his objections, he agreed to the Duke's orders and voiced his support.

"I will do as you command your grace."

Duke Wilmar was, of course, pleased with this result, as for the next comment from the Duke, it surprised nobody.

"Count Walfried von Salzburg, you are tasked with leading the Vanguard!"

Walfried pounded his chest as he saluted his liege while responding to his orders.

"You honor me, your grace!"

With those two positions taken care of, Duke Wilmar moved on to his overall strategy.

"While Walfried advances with the Vanguard, I will lead the cavalry which we will split into two units and circle around the enemy's lines where we shall attack them from the rear of their flanks. Once the flanks are crushed, the Bavarians will have to fall back and reinforce their lines; as they do so, the Vanguard will rush in and cut them down before they manage to do so."

It was a simple enough strategy and had worked numerous times before; as such, none of the Lords who were present had any complaints about the tactics they would use to defeat the Bavarians. The last remark the Duke made was about his archers.

"The Archers will be placed atop both of these hills on both sides of the battlefield, where they will rain missiles down upon our foes."

After these words were stated, all of the Lords who witnessed this conversation nodded in agreement. Shortly thereafter, they were all set to the task, and the battle had begun. The Archers took their positions on the hilltop and began to rain their arrows down upon the enemy forces, just as planned.

However, unfortunately, it appeared as if the Bavarians were just as well equipped as the Austrians; as such, the arrows were largely deflected off of the heavily armored infantry of the enemy. The fact that the Bavarians were so well equipped was shocking to the Austrians, seeing as how the Austrian Lords had spent a fortune on Berengar's arms and armor preparing for this war. Despite this fact, the Bavarians seemed to be equally well equipped, at least for the most part, which began to fill the Lords of Austria with doubt over Berengar's loyalty.

Nevertheless, now was not the time to worry about such concerns, and though the arrows could not pierce the brigandine or plate, they easily slid into the gaps in the enemy armor when fired in a volley numbering in the thousands. There were still many wounds inflicted on the Bavarian troops before they arrived in combat with the Austrian infantry. Still, it was strange that there was no sign of Bavarian Archers or Crossbowmen deployed to the battlefield, which filled Count Otto with angst as he commanded the rear guard, watching the battle from afar.

The moment the two feudal armies made contact with one another, blood and death began to spray about the fertile grassland that was the battlefield. Corpses littered the field as the steel-clad armies clashed with one another like an enormous metallic tidal wave. As the battle continued to rage, Duke Wilmar finally found an opening for his cavalry, and as such, he began his charge; just like in the battle plan, the heavily armored knights mounted on horseback broke into to units and went around the vanguard of the enemy army where they proceeded to attack their flanks from the rear. With their lances couched, and the force of the horse's charge, even high-quality steel plate armor could be damaged by such a powerful blow.

As such, the heavily armored Knights of Austria led by Duke Wilmar crashed into the enemy flanks, driving their lances through their chests and ending their lives. Quickly the Bavarian flanks began to crumble, and the plan seemed to be working perfectly. However, unlike Duke Wilmar had estimated, the moment the enemy flanks crumbled, the men began to route and fled into the distance. Seeing this as an opportunity for victory, Duke Wilmar charged ahead of his infantry and into the routing forces.

However, this turned out to be a grave mistake, as the enemy forces were pulling a classic feigned retreat. By the time the Knights of Austria arrived in front of their enemies, they were encircled by thousands of crossbowmen and archers who unleashed a massive volley from 360 degrees around the Austrian Knights. Though the bolts of the crossbows could not penetrate the toughness of the steel-plate armor, they could get into the gaps between them, causing injuries to the Knights and Nobleman who were encapsulated, as well as their trusty steeds.

Before long, the entire contingent of Knights who had broken the Bavarian flanks found themselves dismounted as the continuous volley fire had gravely injured their horses; many of them were wounded or had even perished in the attack by the crossbowman. After all, the plate armor of the time was not as advanced as what Bernegar equipped his cavalry with. Many Knights wore mail aventails for throat protection, rather than gorget or great bascinet, which allotted some degree of steel plate throat protection. Thus the crossbow bolts of the heavy steel crossbows were capable of piercing through the mail aventail and into their throats.

Duke Wilmar and his surviving Knights quickly recovered from the attack. However, they soon found themselves surrounded by the enemy infantry, and they were a long way off from their own army. As such, a vicious struggle appeared as the Knights of Austria battled to the death with the men at arms of Bavaria, where the Bavarian Knights were located Wilmar did not know. Though the Austrian Knights were afforded greater protection and had better skill than the Bavarian men at arms, they were severely outnumbered. They quickly found their ranks dwindling as they were surrounded on all sides and ruthlessly battered by the Bavarian forces.

Duke Wilmar stood side by side with his Knights and Vassals, who had followed him into death as he parried an oncoming spear thrust and lunged towards the soldier's face with his longsword, piercing through the man's skull and ending his life. However, he shortly thereafter received a crossbow bolt in the crook of his elbow, which pierced through the gap beneath his plate armor and through the mail and gambeson which protected it. With a massive bolt piercing through his elbow, he no longer had the ability to wield his longsword with his dominant arm and thus resorted to using the weapon one-handed with his off-hand.

Count Otto gazed in horror at the sight of the Austrian Knights being rapidly cut down by the enemy forces, yet there was nothing he could do. He was tasked with protecting the rear guard, and he was far too distant from his Lieges position to provide any aid. All he could do was watch as the ranks of the Austrian Knights slowly dwindled in a desperate struggle to wait for the Austrian Infantry to arrive at their aid.

However, right when the Austrian infantry was about to intervene, the Bavarian Cavalry rushed upon their loose and disorganized ranks, which was the result of panic, and began to halt their advance. Duke Dieter was at the head of the ranks of his Cavalry as they lanced through the Austrian Vanguard as if they were cutting through cream cheese. The last thing Duke Wilmar saw before he was viciously struck upon the back of his helm with a mighty Warhammer was the devastation wrought upon his forces by the Bavarian Army. He quickly collapsed to his knees from the impact, where he was once more struck by the Warhammer, ending his life.

As for the fate of Count Walfried von Salzburg, he had either perished in the Conflict or been captured alive; to Count Otto, such a thing did not matter at the moment. Despite being his daughter's father-in-law, Otto had no plans to stay behind and rescue the man. As such, he quickly ordered his troops to withdraw from the battlefield, for the Austrian army had already lost.

With this one battle, the Fate of Austria had seemingly been sealed, the Duke was dead, and his armies were routed. Those few who survived and remained free from bondage were the members of the rear guard who watched their armies cut to pieces. When all appeared to be lost, they fled the battle scene and headed back to their homes in Austria. After all, someone had to defend the homeland from the massive Bavarian invasion of Austria that would soon follow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165: Preparing for an Enemy Invasion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nearly a week had passed from the fateful battle in which the Austrian Army under the command of Duke Wilmar was horrendously defeated by the Bavarians. Count Otto had maintained his army's march back to Graz, where he intended to defend his home and family until death. As for the result of the battle, Count Otto had dispatched messengers and carrier pigeons to all corners of Austria, informing the realm of their Liege's death and the results of the catastrophic battle.

When Berengar finally received the news, he was sitting on his seat of power, with Linde on his lap, where he was in the process of teasing her. He indeed had no shame as he continued to grope her exquisitely proportioned figure through her velvet dress, which caused her to flush with arousal. Truthfully this entire public display of intimacy was her idea, and Berengar was her Lord, and Master would not decline an opportunity to show off his dominance; as such, The young Count entertained himself with the voluptuous body of his lover. That is until a messenger came rushing into the Great Hall and witnessed the erotic scene.

Upon witnessing the intruder, Linde quickly became overwhelmed with embarrassment and hid her charming face with her hands. Nevertheless, Berengar continued to play with her ample bosom despite the new arrival. While behaving so shamelessly in public, Berengar shouted at the messenger who had just arrived.

"Do you have something important to tell me? If not, get out! as you can see, I am currently preoccupied."

Not knowing how to react to the bold scene in front of him, the messenger stammered as he tried to discuss the letter which had arrived, containing the seal of House von Graz.

"Y.. your excellency, Count Otto von Graz sends an urgent message, I am here to deliver it!"

Berengar's hand, which was latched to one of Linde's large breasts, immediately stopped what it was doing and released its grip. Shortly thereafter, a sigh escaped from his lips as he demanded the messenger pass the letter to him.

"Hand it over!"

The messenger quickly bowed before walking up to Berengar and Linde, where he handed it to the young Count whose arm was still wrapped firmly around his lover's waist, preventing her from fleeing the scene. After the man handed Berengar the letter, he quickly absconded from the spot; after all, watching Berengar openly play with Linde on his seat of power was not something to which one would normally stick around to see.

It was only after the man had left that Linde released her hands from blocking her gorgeous face, where she began to pout. She truly only had herself to blame, as she was the one who suggested such an open display of intimacy. Nevertheless, she still felt Berengar had gone too far by not immediately stopping his actions with the arrival of a third party.

Ignoring Linde's cute reactions, Berengar opened up the letter and read its contents, which caused his eyes to spread open with shock before settling into a grave expression. Seeing his reaction, Linde could not help but pry into his business; after all, she was his spymaster, and as such, she quickly voiced her concerns.

"I know that look... Something serious has happened, has it not?"

Berengar nodded his head before announcing the results of the Battle outside Passau.

"The Duke is dead, his army was crushed in Passau, only Count Otto and his forces have returned from the battlefield. The Lords of Austria are either dead or captured. I'm sorry, love, but I have more important things to attend to at the moment; I will have to play with you again some other time..."

Linde once more began to pout as Berengar forced her up from his lap and began to head to his study. They had only just begun their fun, and yet already he was leaving. She began to believe that such news always presented itself at the worst timing. She sighed to herself as she watched Berengar leave the scene. However, it could not be helped; he had to make preparations for the likelihood of a Bavarian invasion into Tyrol; as such, she decided she would spend her free time feeding her child.

Berengar, on the other hand, quickly got to work; though star forts had begun construction across Tyrol, he had always made a priority on the construction of forts in the border regions and within Kufstein. As such, the borders were adequately defended, at least in terms of fortifications. However, he now needed to transfer more forces to their garrisons after all the Bavarians were likely to invade through Tyrol with at least one army.

By now, Eckhard had already returned to Berengar's court, as his Field Marshal, Berengar liked to have him nearby to advise on strategies and tactics. As such, Berengar quickly called for Eckhard to meet him in his study, where the man arrived in a timely manner. Initially, Eckhard thought Berengar wanted to have a mid-day drink; after all, the two men had become close friends throughout the vast amount of time they spent together; however, after noticing the grave expression on Berengar's face, Eckhard's professionalism immediately took over.

"Your excellency, what has happened?"

Berengar immediately relayed the news he had become privy to.

"The Duke is dead, and the Austrian host was shattered, only a few thousand troops made it out of the battle, and they returned to Graz with Count Otto. Vienna is left poorly defended after Lothar's rebellion, and it will not stand for long if the Bavarians decide to invade!"

Hearing such disastrous news, Eckhard frowned; by now, he knew where Berengar was headed with this train of thought; as such, he asked Berengar the question on his mind.

"Yet you do not plan to provide relief to the new Duke?"

Berengar grinned as he heard Eckhard's response; the man knew him too well.

"Of course not, though the Bavarians may send an army into Vienna, they will undoubtedly also send one into our lands as well; after all, Tyrol exists along the southern border of Bavaria, and I doubt they plan to leave us out of their conquests. We must properly defend ourselves!"

Eckhard nodded; the situation of the Duchy of Austria did not bode too well. However, as the Count of Tyrol, Berengar's first and foremost responsibility was to protect his own lands, which was the wisest course of action in such uncertain times. However, an idea popped into Eckhard's head as he thought about what would happen to Austria.

"What if the armies march on Steiermark? Will you leave your little fiancee to her fate?"

Berengar scoffed at Eckhard's suggestion and immediately retorted

"If those Bavarian bastards dare to think about laying a hand on Adela, I will bring the might of steel and shot upon their feudal armies! I will never allow harm to come to a single strand upon either of my women's heads!"

Eckhard stared at the conviction in Berengar's eyes and knew the young Count was serious. Despite Steiermark being a rather distant County of Austria, at least relative to Tyrol. The grizzled veteran did not doubt for a second that Berengar would break any siege that took place in Graz and forcefully take his fiancee with him back to Kufstein, where she would be safe. With that in mind, the man had decided on the best course of actions in which Berengar's army would take and pointed to the map of Tyrol.

"We will split the field army into two forces; as you know, we have mostly replenished our losses from the battle with the Teutonic Order, and as such, our numbers are back to their peak. 7,500 men will march up to Reutte with Arnolf as their commander, where they will be stationed as a rapid-response force to any invasion through our Northwest Borders. As for the other 7,500 men they will be stationed in Kitzbühel, where I will lead them. If the Bavarians even dare to attack our North-Eastern border, I will crush them! As for any attacks on our allies in Steiermark, we will be able to more swiftly get to their aid by having our troops stationed in Kitzbühel."

It was a good plan, and Berengar immediately agreed with it. As such, he complimented Eckhard before ordering him to put it into action as soon as possible.

"Excellent work Marshal Eckhard! With this strategy, we should be able to defend our borders from any incursion adequately! Relay this information to the army and have it enacted as quickly as you can!"

Eckhard nodded with a smile on his face before saluting Berengar

"Of course, your excellency! I will dispatch the army at once!"

Afterward, the man exited from Berengar's office and began to enact the plans promptly. Berengar's defenses were rather solid, and though most of the star forts were still under construction and would be for years to come, the border defenses were at least partially completed. As such, he did not fear the Bavarians seizing his land.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166: The Way is Blocked
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Rain poured down upon the mountainous borders of Tyrol and Bavaria. At the moment, an army of Bavarians was on the march. At the head of the military was a Count who was quite upset about his current task. For the most part, he and the men of his army were proud members of the German Reformation, and Duke Dietger had tasked them to invade the heartland of their movement. Not only was Tyrol an important place in the hearts of German Reformists, but it also housed two of their leaders; that being Berengar and Ludolf. As such, very few men in the army were eager to fulfill this task.

On more than one occasion, this Count by the name of Siegmund had considered outright insubordination. Yet, here he was at the borders between his homeland, and the capital of the reformation, debating whether or not he should go through with his orders. However, the closer his troops approached Tyrol, the more they were able to notice that a fortress was constructed in the area, one whose design was unlike anything Siegmund had ever seen before. It was in the shape of a star and flew the coat of arms of House von Kufstein. It was a fortress constructed by Berengar to protect the routes into his lands.

Siegmund decided to halt his advance when faced with such a mighty fortress, which was visibly defended by relatively massive cannons and hundreds of men armed with what he perceived to be hand cannons. He was no fool, and he could tell by the design of the fortress that if he were to attempt to take it over, it would be a long and bloody battle. Not only were his men vulnerable to fire from all directions, but there were no blind spots to take advantage of. If rumors were to be believed, the hand cannons in which the defenders were equipped were devastating weapons.

When faced with such a challenge, Siegmund only had three options; first and foremost, he could withdraw from the region and find another route into Tyrol, one he hoped would not be as heavily defended. The second option was for him to disregard his losses and attack the fortress in an attempt to force his way into Tyrol. His third and final option was to give up on the idea of attacking the region, and set up camp on the edge of the border, and act like he was doing something, hoping that his liege would not realize he had sat still and done nothing. After all, neither he nor his men were too keen on the idea of attacking Tyrol.

Count Siegmund von Augsburg took a few moments to contemplate his options when one of his commanders approached him.

"Your excellency, the path forward is blocked by the strange fortress; I fear as if it will be a difficult task to invade Tyrol."

Count Siegmund immediately felt a headache looking at the situation before him. If he did not advance into Tyrol, he would be labeled an oath breaker, and after the war was over, Duke Dietger would surely come for him and potentially his family. As such, he mustered his courage and ordered the Army to advance on the fortress.

"Prepare to lay siege to the fortress! We have our orders!"

While giving out the command to his army, Siegmund told himself in the back of his mind.

'May God have mercy on my soul.'

As such, a siege camp was prepared, and within a few hours of preparations, the Bavarian army began to attack the Star Fortress. Men at arms rushed towards the fortress curtains, hoping that the solid portion of the wall would provide a steady platform to raise their ladders. However, the moment they came within engagement distance, the several hundred soldiers of Berengar's army who were garrisoned at the fort unleashed the 24 lb siege cannons onto the invaders. The explosive shells tore the besiegers asunder long before they made it to the wall section, which was their goal.

Limbs were hewn from the victims of the blast, and blood splattered across the grassy mountain pass. Yet this did not stop the dozens of cannons mounted on the fortress walls from firing in the direction of the invaders. The thundering echoes of the guns filled the air alongside the blood-curdling screams of the invaders. Though the defenders only numbered in the hundreds, the fortress was so well designed that even with their 1417 Land Pattern Smoothbore muskets, they were capable of causing massive devastation to the enemy forces.

By the time the third volley of cannon fire went off, the besiegers had fled back to their siege camp, which was unbeknownst to them well within the range of the mighty 24 lb cannons. However, the defenders did not attack the encampment. Instead, they halted their fire and allowed the enemy to retreat. The goal was not to annihilate the enemy force as quickly as possible; if they did such a thing, Duke Dietger would take one of two actions, he would either abandon Tyrol altogether until he had successfully taken all of Austria excluding Tyrol, or he would send a massive invasion far more significant than the current force in retaliation. Neither of which was appealing to Berengar; as such, the young Count of Tyrol had tasked his defenders to wage a war of attrition.

If Berengar's forces could keep these tens of thousands of men bogged down outside their borders indefinitely, Duke Dietger would surely continue to send reinforcements and supplies to ensure the offensive against Tyrol continued. This would significantly weaken their attack on the remainder of Austria and divide his armies, allowing the Austrian lords a decent chance to fight back. However, Count Siegmund had no way of knowing Berengar's plans and was simply in awe of the weapons that his opponents fielded. Thus he stood with his mouth agape after watching his army collapse so quickly against the mighty star fortress. The man was so shocked by the disastrous result of the brief engagement that he accidentally voiced his thoughts aloud for all the nearby men to hear.

"God is on their side, for how can man build such destructive weapons without divine intervention?"

These words weakened the already low morale of the troops, many of which were Reformists, and had no desire to attack the heartland of their religion. After saying these words, one of the commanders under Siegmund voiced his concerns.

"If God is on their side, then how do we fulfill our orders?"

It was only at this moment that Siegmund realized he had spoken his thoughts aloud, and as such, quickly came up with a scheme to avoid further conflict while making it seem like he was actively participating in an attempt to seize Tyrol.

"Write to Duke Dietgar, tell him the Northwest passages into Tyrol are blocked by mighty fortresses, and we need reinforcements if we are to achieve our objective. He will either send us aid, which will give us a period of reprieve, or he will ignore our pleas, and we will have our justification to sit back and do nothing."

Hearing their liege's orders, the commanders all agreed that it was the best course of action and immediately set to task. As for the defenders in the fortress, not a single man was wounded in the conflict, and as such, they were sitting back and relaxing; after all, they had access to plenty of supplies and relieving forces. Theoretically, they could stay and guard the Northwest borders of Tyrol indefinitely. While the besiegers lived in an exposed and muddy siege camp, the defenders stayed in fine barracks to shelter them from the elements, which allowed them a sense of comfort as they guarded the borders of Tyrol.

The stalemate at the Tyrolean border had just begun, and this star fortress was not the only one facing a similar situation, to the Northeast near the edges of Kitzbühel, the defenders were also facing a similar problem, after all the attempted invasion into Tyrol was a two-prong offensive designed to encapsulate the region swiftly. However, in its initial advancement, it had been completely halted. When Duke Dietger finally found out that his troops could not penetrate Tyrolean territory, he would be shocked that his strategy had failed so miserably. However, the sunk cost fallacy was a severe issue of the human psyche, and the old Duke would surely continue to send aid towards the besiegers of Tyrol at his own army's expense.

As for the rest of the invasion of Austria, aside from Vorarlberg, the remainder of the Austrian counties were not as lucky as Tyrol to have its natural defensive Barriers, and as such, would fare far worse in the ongoing invasion. As the war progressed, Tyrol would become the symbol of Austrian resistance against Bavarian occupation, and Berengar would gain recognition as the leader of said resistance. As for now, the Bavarian invasion had just begun, and as such, no County had yet fallen to the enemy. While the attempts to invade Tyrol had been halted in their initial advance, Berengar was sleeping peacefully in the arms of his lover.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167: Henriettas Concerns
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The light of dawn shone into Berengar's room, exposing the scene of the young Count and his lover entangled in each other's arms. As per usual, this was the signal for Berengar to awaken; as for Linde, she would continue to sleep for some time. The days of her waking up early to sneak back to her temporary quarters were long passed. These days, Everyone knew of her relationship with Berengar, and she openly slept in his room; as such, she could sleep in as long as she wanted, and Berengar never complained.

Thus Berengar skillfully climbed out of bed, without awakening Linde, and got dressed in his athletic attire. As per usual, his morning was filled with a five-mile run, followed by lifting weights and sword practice. When he was finally done with all of those things, hours had passed, and he had entered the bath to get rid of all the sweat on his body. When he opened the door to the tub and entered the pool of water, he found Linde already enjoying herself within. A large smile appeared on her face as Berengar sat down alongside her and enjoyed the steaming water. After a prolonged workout, soaking in a hot tub was something that Berengar had come to enjoy immensely.

After fooling around in the tub with Linde for some time, the couple left the bath and tidied up their appearance while fulfilling daily hygiene like brushing their teeth and flossing. Afterward, they got dressed and headed to the dining room, where they shared a meal. As per usual, the only other person present at the table was Henrietta, who had long since grown accustomed to Linde being present, and though their relationship had improved, she still supported Adela in her little rivalry with Linde. Adela of course had not been back to Kufstein since she left so many months ago.

Berengar had yet to inform Henrietta of Lambert's death at his hands in the Battle of Oberstdorf; of course, when he did finally tell her of such an important matter, it would be an entirely fabricated story about the boy dying in the glorious crusade against the Golden Horde. After all, Henrietta had always cared for both of her brothers, and she was still not fully aware of the evil in which Lambert had done in his life. Being a young child, it seemed unfair to Berengar to reveal to the girl the truth behind Lambert's misdeeds and the cause of his death. Thus he chose to allow his little sister to remember Lambert in a good light, at least until she was old enough to properly understand the depth of his actions and his wicked character.? As such, Berengar drank out of the skull chalice, which was fashioned from his little brother's skull, while talking to Henrietta about how she spent her time recently.

"So Henrietta, how have you been lately? I have been so preoccupied with work that I have been unable to check up on you."

Henrietta had been attending classes at one of the public institutions which had been set up in the City of Kufstein to educate the young generations; after all, if she stayed cooped up in the Castle of Kufstein with no contact with children her age, she was bound to have some issues properly socializing later in life. Thus Henrietta had a giant smile on her face as she devoured the delectable omelet on her plate. The omelet itself was filled with spinach and cheese and had become one of the girl's favorite breakfast dishes. However, the moment she heard this, her expression soured slightly which did not go unnoticed by Berengar and Linde.

"I am fine..."

Henrietta was a rather shy girl, and as such, she did not like revealing too much about her personal life. However, Berengar was persistent and made sure to pry into the girl's life; as such, he asked another question.

"Are you enjoying school? Does everyone treat you well?"

Henrietta nodded as she snacked more on her breakfast; she did not say much other than

"mhmm"

Despite her answer, Berengar did not believe that to be the case; after all, he knew his little sister reasonably well and, as such, became deeply concerned. It was not simply a matter of being shy; ever since Berengar got his eyepatch and began drinking from a skull chalice, he had an aura of intimidation around him, which made Henrietta subconsciously afraid of him. As such, she acted as an obedient little lamb and merely nodded her head and answered Berengar's questions.

Noticing such behavior, Linde put a gentle smile on her face and questioned the girl on Berengar's behalf. She was a far less frightening character in Henrietta's eyes, and as such, the girl was more open to talking to her.

"It is okay; why don't you tell me if you have any concerns?"

Henrietta's gaze switched between Berengar and Linde for a few moments before she finally opened up about her problems with her school life. Due to being cooped up in the castle most of her life, Henriettas was, as previously mentioned, a timid girl, and as such, she did not know how to interact well with others. Berengar's worst fears about her upbringing had already become realized, and as such, Henrietta revealed her difficulties at school.

"I don't have any friends..."

With this information revealed, Berengar was not entirely surprised; he had deliberately put her in his public education program so she could socialize and become accustomed to the common populace, but she was still the Count's little sister, there was a natural air of intimidation that surrounded her, at least as far as the ordinary people were concerned. The parents probably instructed their kids not to do anything to upset her; when combined with her naturally shy and docile personality, she most likely sat alone in a class all day and simply went over her school work.

It seemed Berengar's guesses were correct as Linde further questioned the young girl.

"Well, have you tried talking to anyone in your class?"

Henrietta merely shook her head in response to this question, causing Linde to put on a warm smile once more.

"Well, maybe you should try it out?"

Henrietta's response was quick and filled with dejection.

"It won't matter..."

Linde tried to dig to the root of the problem, and as such, further questioned Henrietta's response.

"Why not?"

Henrietta's expression turned gloomy, which was rather adorable on her cute little face, at least as far as Berengar was concerned; however, she muttered in a hushed voice

"Because I am the Count's little sister..."

Though she was quiet, the large dining room was virtually silent aside from her voice, and Berengar and Linde both heard her complaint. Now it was Berengar's turn to cheer her up, and he finally voiced his opinion on the matter.

"It sounds to me like the other kids might be a little bit intimidated by your position, I'm willing to bet you don't voluntarily interact with any of them, and you simply sit there in class with an indifferent expression on your face. Am I right?"

Berengar knew his sister all too well, and he had guessed correctly; Henrietta squeezed her favorite doll that she carried with her everywhere into her arms and pouted, Berengar was right on the money, and she felt like she was being scolded. However, what he said next gave her some hope.

"Why don't you try introducing yourself to your classmates? I know you are shy, but if you make a sincere effort, they might stop thinking of you as a little ice princess who should not be offended and instead treat you as part of the class. I am sure the girls in your class would love to talk about your cute dresses!"

Hearing this, Henrietta continued to pout until finally, she uttered a single phrase.

"I doubt that..."

Berengar laughed at the little loli's cute expression and decided to counter her words.

"Is that so? Then what are the girls in your class interested in talking about?"

Henrietta's face slightly flushed as she recalled the subject the girls in her class were constantly talking about and immediately looked away from Berengar, which deeply confused him. As for Linde, she had a general idea of what the popular topic was among the little girls of Kufstein and merely smiled as Berengar tried to wrap his head around it. After a few seconds of contemplation, Berengar could not figure it out and promptly asked again.

"Henrietta, what are the girls in your class interested in?"

Hearing the authoritative voice of the Count speaking to her in such a forceful manner, Henrietta nearly jumped out of her seat from fright. However, she merely turned her head to look back between Berengar and Linde before muttering a single word.

"You..."

Berengar did not believe he heard correctly, and as such, he asked her one more time.

"I'm sorry, what was that?"

Henrietta was already thoroughly embarrassed by the conversation and shouted out what she had said in a fit.

"You! The girls in my class always talk about you!"

Now it was Berengar's turn to be embarrassed; this was not exactly a demographic he wanted to be popular with; as such, he turned to Linde looking for advice, who was merely smirking at his misfortune before teasing him.

"My oh my, to believe my man is so popular with little girls!"

Hearing that phrase, Berengar immediately wished he was a turtle so that he could hide in his shell. It was indeed something he had never expected in life. Though he was popular among the women of Kufstein, for many reasons, chiefly among them were his good looks, his charismatic personality, and the fact that he had achieved so much in life despite being only twenty-one years old. He never thought the girls Henrietta's age would be talking about him as if he was some form of prince charming. As such, Berengar merely cleared his throat before putting on a professional act and began giving Henrietta some advice.

"Well, you should fit right in then! I mean, after all, who knows more about me than my precious little sister? Surely you must know some juicy details that the girls of your class will be interested in? Use that as an icebreaker, and then try to find some common interests."

Linde laughed faintly at Berengar's reaction; despite being embarrassed by the situation, he still managed to turn it around in Henrietta's favor. After pondering about it for a moment, Henrietta realized Berengar was right; if the girls in her class all treated her brother like he was a dashing prince, then she could talk about him to gather their interest, and from there, they could talk about other things. As such, she no longer felt embarrassed and smiled gratefully at Berengar.

"Thanks, big brother!"

Despite his more intimidating appearance nowadays, he was still the kind and caring big brother she had grown up with, which made Henrietta happy. Now that she had a way to make friends at school, Henrietta and the others enjoyed the rest of their meal in peace. As for Berengar, he was cursing his luck for being so popular with girls of all ages. The last thing he needed was another reason for Linde to tease him, and she would indeed never allow him to live this down...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168: Constructing the Grand Cathedral
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was enjoying a peaceful life in Tyrol, the Bavarian invasion had spread to the other corners of Austria. Luckily for Berengar, his position was secure for the moment; as such, he spent his time overseeing the usual activities. After finishing his breakfast with Linde and Henrietta, which had taken an unusual turn, Berengar had moved onto the main highlight of his day, which was presenting the architectural designs of his newest project to his favorite architect. With the German Reformation in full effect, Berengar wanted a symbol of his movement. As such He decided to make a Grand Cathedral in Kufstein to represent the new era of Christianity.

While Berengar was far from an artist, he still could draw some rudimentary architectural blueprints. The style he had in mind was that of the German Renaissance. Berengar had already begun implementing such designs across Kufstein for all of his major architectural projects, for example, his grand palace, which was primarily based upon the designs of the Schloss Johannisburg from his previous life. As such, he was currently in a meeting with his favorite Architect who had been overseeing a lot of his projects within Kufstein, the man's name was Burkhard, and he was a refugee who had fled to Kufstein during the early days of the war in Germany, where Berengar immediately noticed his talents and put him to work. At the moment the two men discussing the details of the Grand Cathedral with each other as they went over the designs. Burkhard being the first to voice his opinion.

"As usual, your excellency, you know how to build a basic blueprint, but are completely lacking in creativity. I am afraid to say you are without any form of artistic talent."

Burkhard was a man in his early fifties. He was an unusually blunt man; even to someone of Berengar's position, he was not afraid of voicing his true thoughts, which Berengar honestly enjoyed. Berengar was constantly surrounded by too many sycophants who told him exactly what he wanted to hear and not the reality he needed to hear. As such, Berengar merely laughed at the older man's comment and expressed his concerns.

"Yeah yeah... I know I am not meant to be an artist; the question is, can you make something magnificent with the designs I have presented you?"

The older man with long overflowing grey hair and steel blue eyes began to contemplate for a few moments while rubbing his bare chin before sighing.

"It will take a lot of work to fix your mistakes, but I promise you, by the time I am done with this Grand Cathedral of yours, it will put anything the Vatican has to shame!"

Berengar chuckled upon hearing the man's confidence and patted him on the back as he brought the topic to interior design.

"For the interior, I was thinking stained glass windows; I have a soft spot for such things."

Burkhard snorted when he heard those words before interjecting his opinion on the matter.

"Of course you want stained glass windows; everyone wants stained glass windows in their Cathedrals! Far be it from me to question your excellency's brilliant mind!"

Burkhard was bitter about the topic, though Berengar did not know why, and frankly, he did not care so long as his vision was brought to life. Thus Berengar switched the topic to the time frame it would take to complete it.

"How long will it take to be finished?"

Burkhard immediately scoffed at Berengar's remarks; the young count was always rushing him on his projects; despite the vast wealth and resources at his disposal, it was not like the man could pull a miracle and complete such a large project overnight, despite his inner monologue Burkhard gave his best estimate.

"Considering you have me running around the clock building your Palace, and now I have this damn Cathedral on top of it, it will take at least two years! You are lucky you pay me so well and allow me the freedom to express my creativity with these designs, or else I would have quit long ago!"

Berengar was not the slightest bit upset by the level of informality in which the Architect spoke to him; in fact, it was pretty refreshing listening to someone who did not bow and express meaningless flattery in every comment they made. As such Berengar let the man's seemingly foul attitude slide. In reality, Burkhard was very passionate about his work and was glad to have the near-unlimited resources at his disposal which Berengar provided him to design and construct so many grand projects. Not to mention the freedom in which he was allowed to tinker with the rudimentary designs Berengar had provided him thus giving him the opportunity to turn them into true masterpieces.

Burkhard was right about one thing, though it might take two years at the earliest to complete, it would be far grander than anything the Vatican had at the moment, and as such, the man was immensely proud to stick it to those old fools who had denied him his dreams when he was a young man. The Vatican once hired Burkhard to construct a project for them. However, the Cardinals in charge of the project micromanaged every step of his creative process, and in his opinion, ruined the final result. As such, he was glad to see those old bastards get a taste of their own medicine. Berengar, on the other hand, was a much more convenient employer; as long as the result was fantastic, the young Count could care less if it stuck faithfully to his original design.

This was how Berengar outsourced all of his creative ideas, especially in the textile industry. Those with more artistic talent than himself were allowed to be creative with the basic concept he presented, resulting in styles based upon the clothing of the renaissance from his previous life. However, maybe not 100% historically correct, nevertheless, they still ended up looking fantastic and selling well, and those two things were all that mattered in the end.

After hearing that it would take at least two years to finish construction, Berengar was pleased; it usually would take years, maybe even decades, to construct such an extensive project. However, Berengar had introduced essential materials that significantly reduced construction speed and increased structural integrity over the traditional form of masonry. That was of course structural steel and concrete. With these two materials, his construction crews could create grand projects such as this Cathedral in a far shorter time frame, with greatly enhanced sturdiness, especially when compared to the traditional methods. If one knew what they were doing, they could make a steel-reinforced concrete building look as attractive as any other building. As such, Berengar made use of these advanced construction materials to build his city rapidly as well as his defenses.

Despite being pleased with the estimated time frame, Berengar liked to mess with the older man; considering Burkhard's naturally crotchety attitude, Berengar put on an authoritative facade and said in a stern voice.

"That is too long; it needs to be constructed in half that time!"

Upon hearing such an impossible task, Burkhard nearly had an aneurysm as a large vein protruded from his forehead while he was seething with anger. However, before long, Berengar broke out into laughter after seeing the older man's twisted expression, and Burkhard instantly realized that Berengar was screwing with his head. As such, he forced himself to calm down and responded to Berengar's jest.

"You know you are not half as funny as you think you are, right?"

Berengar, however, had a great smile across his lips; the look on Burkhard's face just now was priceless. After all, Burkhard was one of the few people he knew who he could joke around with like this. With others, Berengar had to maintain his prestigious appearance, yet Burkhard was different, he did not care in the slightest for the face of the nobility, and as such, Berengar could be himself around the older man.

Of course, Burkhard also found Berengar to be one of the more tolerable members of the Nobility he had met. While the man was a member of the lower nobility, he was always looked down on for his lowly status, and as such, never cared for the noblemen and women who commissioned his work. However, he respected Berengar to a degree, Berengar was born to a lower noble house, a mere Baron's son, and yet in under a year, he made himself a Count. This was not an easy feat in this medieval world. After playing his prank on Burkhard, Berengar noticed what time it was and realized he had to be at a strategy meeting in a few moments, and as such, he let Burkhard get back to work.

"Well, Burkhard, as always, it has been a pleasure, but I am afraid I am needed elsewhere; I will let you get back to your work!"

Burkhard snorted when he heard this and responded in a cold manner

"Just make sure I am paid properly!"

Berengar chuckled when he heard this response and walked away, leaving a rhetorical question in his wake.

"Have I ever failed in that regard?"

With that, Burkhard was left with a basic outline for Berengar's Grand Cathedral, and he had a lot of work to do on revising the design into a proper blueprint before he could begin construction. Of course, this Cathedral was not the only project he had to work on, after all the Palace was still under construction, thus the man had his work cut out for him. However, he was pretty happy with his place in Kufstein and had no plans to leave; as such, he rolled up his sleeves and got to work on the new project presented to him. In the distant future, Kufstein would be considered not only the seat of Imperial Power of Germany but also the religious center of the German Reformation, mainly in part to the efforts of Burkhard.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169: Catfight II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While the Bavarians were halted at the Tyrolean border, the same could not be said for the rest of the Duchy of Austria, at the moment the Duke of Bavaria's forces were laying siege to Salzburg, the Count of the region was missing in action, nobody knew if he was alive for dead after the battle in Passau, and his eldest son was currently staying within Graz with his wife and three children. The defense of the County of Salzburg was left to the second son of Count, who was slightly more intelligent than Wolfgang but was by no means a genius, let alone a master of military strategy. As such, the region was in dire straits while it faced the Bavarian forces.

Wolfgang's younger brother Adelbrand opted to give his troops the orders to stay within their castles, and fortresses challenging the Bavarians to fight them where they had the advantage. On paper, this might seem like a good idea; however, in reality, this left the towns and villages that provided the food to the Castels, Cities, and Fortresses completely defenseless, resulting in the raiding, raping, and burning of Salzburg's common population by the invasive Bavarians. Of course, Wolfgang had no way of knowing what was going on in his family's territory, nor did he really care. After Otto arrived with his armies and secured Steiermark, the fearful man opted to stay with his in-laws, allowing the lands that should be under his protection to burn in the fires of war.

This, of course, infuriated Ava as she had yet another dispute with her little sister. Since their last catfight, Adela had been increasingly winning the little battles she had with Ava to the point where Ava would rather stay in the Castle in Salzburg than continue to be insulted in this manner. However, once more, Ava decided to provoke a fight with Adela now that she had nowhere else to return to. At the moment, the two women were standing in the Grand Hall fighting over, well frankly, nothing of importance.

"I am just saying, where is Berengar when we need him the most? He supposedly has an army capable of wiping out 30,000 men of the Teutonic Order, and yet he hides in his mountainous territory like a coward! If he is as great as a man as you claim, he should be leading the charge against the Bavarians, and yet Salzburg bleeds while he sits back and does nothing!"

Adela pouted after hearing her eldest sister slander Berengar once more and quickly countered her remark.

"Berengar is the Count of Tyrol, and as such he is currently protecting his lands from the invasion of the Bavarians; according to our father, he has completely halted the enemy's advance into Tyrol and is currently maintaining his field armies in the event that the Bavarians break past his fortifications! He is doing far more for his family's lands and the people within it than your cowardly husband!"

Now that Adela knew her sister's weakness, she made every remark a stake to the heart, which greatly wounded Ava's pride, and in all reality, she was correct. Rather than deal with his own enemies, Wolfgang hid in Graz under the protection of Otto's armies while his lands were torched and his people massacred by the Bavarians. Of course, even if he did show up to counter the enemy, there was not much an inbred dullard like Wolfgang could do about the situation. Still, Ava was greatly dissatisfied with her husband's behavior, and of course, Adela took advantage of that.

Ava was scowling at Adela's remark, yet she quickly offered a retort; after all, much like Adela, she was privy to Otto's intelligence about the situation in Austria. However, Berengar had taken borderline paranoid lengths to remove spies and scouts of other powers from his territory; with his vast intelligent network, a part of it was dedicated solely to counterintelligence, and as such, gaining information on the events in Tyrol was quite difficult. Mostly they had to go with the intercepted messages they took from the Bavarians.

"According to father's reports, Berengar is sitting back in Kufstein enjoying himself with his lover and bastard child while his armies defend his borders, just how exactly are those the actions of a Great Man as you proclaim him to be?"

Ava had a point, Berengar was not currently at the frontlines as he had always been in the past, but the reason for this was simple. His army was a well-oiled machine, and the garrisons were explicitly trained to defend their star fortresses in the most effective means possible; their commanding officers were battle-hardened veterans from Berengar's campaign in Tyrol and knew full well how to siege a fortress and how to defend one.

There would be no purpose other than morale for Berengar to stay at one of his defending forts. The men were already in high spirits due to the exceptional conditions they found themselves in and the minimal losses they suffered. No matter how many times the enemy rushed at the star fortresses, the combination of rifled and smoothbore muskets alongside the 24 lb cannons was enough to quickly repel any attempted invasion. When one could repel an invasion in under an hour and spend the rest of the day playing cards and drinking tea while munching on biscuits and cookies, there was not a lot of anxiety to be had.

If Berengar was going to enjoy luxuries while his soldiers were defending the borders, then he sure as hell was going to make sure his troops maintained some degree of luxury as well. Thus cookies, biscuits, tea, and other luxury items were shipped to his troops at the border to enjoy themselves with while they weren't in battle. There was no army in the world aside from Berengar's who could so thoroughly enjoy a siege in such a manner. Of course, due to the constant letters, Berengar had written to Adela, she was thoroughly informed of such matters, and as such, she was well prepared for such an attack by Ava.

"Hmmph, you really are lacking in intelligence. Berengar may be in Kufstein, but his armies are well supplied and even have luxuries such as properly constructed tenements for shelter, cookies, biscuits, tea, as well as meat and eggs for meals. The only reason Berengar himself is not present on the front lines of defense is that it would serve no purpose. His armies are fully capable of defending his borders without him, and he makes sure they enjoy a similar level of luxury as himself while they are doing so!"

Being thoroughly defeated in the current war for words, Ava was once more showing an ugly expression; she could not confirm nor deny whether or not Adela was telling the truth, and as such, she was quite perturbed by this. Just how exactly did Adela know so much more about the situation in Tyrol than she did? Ava honestly did not believe that Berengar cared so much for Adela that he would constantly write to her informing her of his progress and daily life. I mean, after all the man had taken a lover to enjoy his time with while Adela was stuck in Graz, just how much could he care for the girl? Nevertheless, Ava recovered from her poor attitude and once more began to sling mud in Berengar's direction.

"If he has such an easy time defending his borders, then why does he not send his field armies into Salzburg to liberate the region and end the people's suffering?"

Ava had a smug smile on her face as she asked this question, believing she had caught Adela in a corner. Nevertheless, she did not expect Adela to respond in the manner in which she did. The young adolescent girl smiled with a look of pity on her face for Ava. Clearly, the woman had nothing but boobs for brains; the answer to this question was so obvious Adela felt embarrassed to point it out to her older sister. Nevertheless, Adela masterfully executed her retort by looking at Ava as if she were a simpleton before stating the reason.

"Because Salzburg is not Berengar's responsibility; it is your husband's..."

The moment Ava heard those words, she felt as if her mind had imploded. Despite just a few moments ago believing she had cornered her little sister in this little argument they were having, Adela had so masterfully evaded her vicious strike and dealt a deathly verbal blow of her own. Realizing that she had been defeated, Ava had a hard time controlling her emotions; with every fiber of her being, she wanted to claw Adela's cute doll-like face off. Yet, she resisted the temptation to do so and instead snorted before walking away from her little sister. Ava absolutely refused to engage in this little debate any further.

Adela, on the other hand, was entirely satisfied with the result of this entirely meaningless debate, she had once more beaten her eldest sister in a war for words, and though this may seem pointless to logical and rational individuals such as men, to a young woman such as herself, this was a great moral victory.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170: The Progress of Civlization
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks had passed since the Bavarians first invaded Austria, and though their advance into Tyrol was halted at its borders, the war continued to spread to the rest of Austria. From Salzburg to Karnten, and even into Upper and Lower Austria, the fires of war consumed the Duchy of Austria. At the moment, only Tyrol and its western neighbor Vorarlberg were primarily left untouched by the conflict. The only reason Vorarlberg had not fallen yet, was because Berengar had sent troops to their aid; he could not allow himself to be cut off from the rest of the world, and as such, had spent some effort repelling Bavarian troops from Vorarlberg.

Tyrol was utterly cut off from the eastern half of Austria. If Berengar wanted to aid the Count of Steiermark, his uncle, and ally, his army would need to advance through Bavarian-occupied territory. It would indeed be a difficult task, but Berengar would have no choice but to do so if the city of Graz were indeed in danger. After all, he would never allow harm to come to Adela. There was an even more significant concern that had reached Berengar's attention. The Bavarians had largely isolated Tyrol. Because of that, Berengar could only trade with his partners in Italy, and by extension, the trade routes from the Italian Peninsula into the near east. As far as his German trade routes were concerned, they were utterly blocked by the Bavarian invasion of Austria.

While Berengar was still making a significant profit from his trade with Italy, and the Byzantine Empire, many of his customers no longer had access to his products. As such, he saw his earnings decrease significantly. At the moment, the young Count was thinking of establishing trade with the remainder of Germany. Spread out in front of him was a large map of Europe; if Berengar wished to continue supplying the other German regions with steel and textiles, then he needed to maintain security in Tyrol and the county of Vorarlberg, which sat on his western border.

After observing the map for some time, Berengar realized the only way to re-establish trade with Northern Germany was to bring his supplies westward through Vorarlberg and the Swiss Confederacy, where they would travel north into Wurttemberg. From there, his products could once more spread across Germany. Due to the ongoing conflict within the German-speaking regions, Berengar would need to safeguard his trade caravans with armed forces.

After coming up with this new trade route, Berengar set the task into motion and dispatched his orders to the necessary units who would conduct the trade operation. Now that he had concluded that job, he sat back in his soft leather chair within his study and sighed heavily before taking a sip from the wine contained in his skull chalice. Shortly after that, Berengar heard a knock on his door, and he immediately responded.

"Come in"

with that, the large wooden door creaked open to reveal Linde's beautiful figure, who was holding the baby Hans in her arms. The tiny red-gold-haired infant had a curious expression on his face as he peered at his father with his deep sapphire eyes. Linde had been spending time with Hans whenever she had the opportunity; she was quite the doting mother. After Linde approached Berengar with their son in her arms, she began to speak to Berengar with a severe expression. She was here for business, and for whatever reason, had brought their infant child with her. The heavenly beauty quickly got to the point as she relayed the information she had received from Berengar's spy network.

"The Bavarians will be assaulting Vienna soon. The city will not be able to hold out for long. Judging by Duke Dietger's fearsome reputation, he will eliminate any potential rivals to his authority over Austria, which means that the late Duke Wilmar's children will most likely be executed after the Bavarians have taken the city."

Berengar contemplated Linde's words as he stared at her with his one good eye. Obviously, Linde did not just come here to inform him of this matter, and knowing his lover well enough, Berengar assumed she had come up with a plan to benefit the two of them; as such, he asked about it.

"So, what is your plan?"

A pretty smile spread across Linde's immaculate visage as she heard Berengar's words; the man honestly did know her too well. As such, she quickly got to the point.

"We have agents in the Castle of Vienna who are currently on standby; when the Castle falls, we will take advantage of the chaos to smuggle Duke Wilmar's youngest son, Conrad out, and into Kufstein. Where we will then coerce him into naming you Regent and creating a Government in exile where you can begin a reconquest of Austria after your forces are fully prepared."

Berengar was shocked by the plan Linde had presented him; it was unexpected and brilliant. Berengar had initially planned to sit back and gain Tyrol's independence through the conflict before invading Austria at a later date to claim the title of Duke for himself, but this was an even better plan for his ascension to power. Of course, there was only one question on his mind about the whole situation, which he was quick to inquire about.

"After we have retaken Austria, and I am declared Regent, what do we do with Conrad?"

A wicked grin spread across Linde's lips as she had already thought about this plan and had prepared accordingly.

"We let the boy act as a puppet for a few years while we solidify our gains, and then we begin poisoning him in small doses until he becomes gravely ill and passes from this world, leaving you the Regent of Austria with full authority to assume the mantle of Duke!"

Hearing Linde's devious plot brought tingles to Berengar's spine as an equally sinister smile spreads across his face. This was a vastly superior plan than the one he had come up with and was far more likely to quell any potential rebellion against his rule. After all, with this, he gained some form of legitimacy to his claim of the title Duke of Austria when he finally succeeded. Indeed Linde's mind was far better at scheming than Berengar's, which was one of the reasons she was such an effective spymaster. After hearing her devious plot, Berengar got up from his seat and embraced his lover and child before whispering in Linde's ear.

"You are a devious little vixen, did you know that?"

After hearing Berengar's words, Linde began to blush; those words were not intended as an insult but a compliment, and she was well aware of that fact. Having said those words, Berengar let go of Linde and walked away with his hands clasped behind his back.

"I approve of your plan. Make sure preparations are in place to evacuate Conrad the moment the opportunity presents itself!"

Linde obediently nodded before departing with Hans in hand.

"Of course, master, I will not fail you!"

Berengar smiled and sat down after Linde had left his study. He proceeded to pull out a flagon of wine and top off his skull chalice before taking a sip from it and staring out his window. Opportunities presented themselves when one least expected them. With Linde's plot, he would be able to secure the position of Duke of Austria more efficiently and though it might be a few years before he had the title; in practicality, it would only be a few months before he held the power of the position.

Despite the ruthless plan to seize power, Berengar did feel pity for Conrad, soon the boy would be the last living member of a powerful Dynasty from his previous life, and he would not live long enough to continue said Dynasty, it could be said that Berengar's interference in this world's timeline had brought the end of the Habsburg Dynasty before it even reached the zenith of its power. However, he was not deeply concerned about such a thing; after all, the Habsburgs in this world would become nothing more than a stepping stone on his own Dynasty's rise to power.

With Linde busy preparing for this grand scheme of hers, Berengar himself realized that he could no longer sit idly by; as such, he quickly began drafting orders for further conscription. By the time the Bavarians had conquered most of Austria, Berengar would need a much larger force to deal with them. Luckily it would take months before Austria finally yielded to Bavarian occupation, and that gave Berengar enough time to train another division.

Luckily for him, the population to provide such a large number of troops was not much of an issue; with the increase in refugees coming to Tyrol and the size of the native population, Berengar had more than enough men to draft into service, something which could only be achieved because of his agricultural reforms. Without such reforms, most men would have to be in the fields to produce food, yet now they could be drafted and trained to be soldiers. Such was the progress of civilization.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171: We Could Just Surrender...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Linde was setting her plans into motion, Berengar had begun another round of conscription. With the time it took to train recruits, he could have another division when Austria finally fell to the Bavarians. The Army of Tyrol was a well-oiled machine at this point, with a large batch of veterans acting as Non-Commissioned and Commissioned Officers; their experience from Berengar's previous campaigns allowed them to maintain control of the many new conscripts who formed the majority of the new units which were appearing.? Infantry and Artillery had been prioritized in recruitment, as for the Cuirassiers and other forms of Cavalry such as the Lancers in which Berengar was fostering, they were costly to train and maintain, and as such had taken a backseat.

By now, 3/4s of all of Berengar's forces were equipped with the 1417/18 Rifled Musket, allowing a massive range advantage on the battlefield and during sieges alike. Because of this Berengar had decreed the 1417 Land Pattern Musket, which was smoothbore to be halted in production, and the existing Muskets were to be converted into Rifled Muskets. When Berengar finally marched to war in an attempt to reclaim Austria, all his troops would be equipped with Rifled Muskets.

Aside from Line Infantry, units of Grenadiers were fostered by the more talented conscripts and were utilized as shock troops. Berengar had also begun forming Jaeger Companies comprised of lightly armored soldiers with special rifles designed for long-distance shooting. These rifles were based on the Whitworth rifle from the American Civil War during Berengar's past life. The primary difference is that they utilized a flintlock system instead of a percussion cap system. These precision rifles employed specials hexagonal bullets in a .451 caliber and were capable of an effective range from 800 - 1,000 yards. The Jaeger Companies would be used as marksmen on the battlefield and would precisely execute high-profile targets, such as enemy commanders.

These Jaeger units were dressed in Green and Black Landsknecht clothing and wore very little in terms of armor; after all, they were engaging targets at such a distance they seldom needed the protection afforded by armor. The Jaeger recruits were handpicked from the most capable shooters and trained explicitly in marksmanship. They would indeed have a fearsome reputation on the battlefield when they were finally deployed.

...

While Berengar's forces improved in size and strength, the battle at the borders of Tyrol was still ongoing. Reinforcements had arrived to Count Siegmund's forces, and he was now forced once more to march on the walls of the Star fortress. His medieval soldiers boldly held onto their weapons as they charged at the walls of the mighty fort in front of them. Trepidation filled every step, as those who had been present to witness the bloody spectacle of the last charge were all too aware of what awaited them.

Nevertheless, the men were pushed forward towards the steel-reinforced concrete walls in which the Tyrolean forces were garrisoned. After advancing towards their objective, the thunder of the cannons mounted on the walls began to echo in the air, and the explosive shells rained down upon the invaders who prayed for their survival. However, if God truly existed, he was far from merciful; after the first barrage of cannon shells landed into the enemy's formation, they exploded upon impact and sent shrapnel in all directions. The blast itself was deadly. However, the shrapnel caused absolute carnage, which tore its way through the gaps in the Bavarian soldiers' armor and wreaked havoc across the battlefield.

This was only the first volley, as such the cannons were rapidly reloaded before being fired once more. Meanwhile, the defenders of the garrison began firing their rifled muskets at the enemy when they appeared within range. The large .58 caliber lead bullets tore through the brigandine and plate armor of the attackers, rendering their defensive equipment practically useless. Blood spilled with every successful hit, and bodies fell to the floor.

Despite this, the Bavarians continued to advance, hoping to get to the fortress and raise their ladders. Yet such a thing never occurred as they were quickly torn to shreds by the defender's mighty weapons. It did not take long before the survivors began to route back to their siege camp once more. Despite the reinforcements received from the Duke, Count Siegmund's army had once more failed to reach the sturdy walls of the star fortress. Filled with fury from the recent defeat the? Count began to curse to himself as he witnessed the bloody spectacle unfold.

"I can't even build a God damn trebuchet without it being blasted to shreds by those wretched cannons! How the hell am I supposed to take this fortress!?!"

The commanders of his army were circled around him, and every one of them could feel the Count's pain. Duke Dietger of Bavaria had ordered the man to invade Tyrol from the Northwest, and despite his best efforts, he could not even get close to the fortress which blocked his path. Every time he attempted to do so, his men would be torn asunder by the powerful weapons in which the defenders possessed. It was not simply a matter of explosive power but the exceptional range in which the defenders held. Archers and Crossbowmen did not stand a chance to get a shot off before getting gunned down by the rifled muskets.

Due to the range of the cannons, Count Siegmund could not advance siege weapons into a position without them getting torn apart by the guns above. Trying to invade Tyrol was a nightmare for Count Siegmund, especially since he was morally against the idea, to begin with. Was this God's punishment for daring to march on the center of the Reformation? This was a question Count Siegmund had asked himself many times since he first arrived at the Tyrolean border.

Nevertheless, Duke Dietger would not accept failure; the rest of Austria had been invaded, so why were he and the other Commander who took a position in the Northeast having such a hard time advancing into Tyrol. No matter how Siegmund tried to inform Dietgar of Berengar's weapons, it was of no use; one would have to personally witness their destructive power to believe their effects, for they were something that had never been seen before in this feudal world.? Eventually one of Siegmund's commanders voiced a suggestion on how to proceed.

"Why don't we just wait for Duke Dietger to conquer the rest of Austria before we attempt to attack again. Morale is shaking, and there is no point sending more men to the slaughter. Before long, we will have a mutiny on our hands. It is simply impossible to enter through Tyrol through the borders of Bavaria..."

What the man said was the most reasonable course of action for the Bavarians at the Tyrolean border. Any further attacks would be a waste of lives. Since they could not enter through the border with Bavaria, they would have to wait for Dietger to march on Tyrol from Salzburg, which could only happen after the eastern portion of Austria was taken.

Of course, Siegmund was fearful that if he took this approach, his liege would punish him severely for his "cowardice" as such, he was hesitant to adopt such a strategy. Thus he tried to encourage possible alternatives from his commanders.

"Is there any other ideas on how to break through this fortress that has blocked our path?"

After a few moments of silence, one of the other commanders decided to voice his idea, despite knowing it would probably be rejected.

"We could just surrender..."

The moment he said this, all eyes stared at him as if he were an imbecile; as such, he quickly coughed before explaining himself further.

"There are probably less than 500 men in that garrison, and Berengar has these forts all over the border, assuming his entire army is equipped with such terrifying weapons. Do we really believe Duke Dietger can win this war? Is it not better to surrender to Berengar's armies now and be treated with dignity? I hear he is quite merciful to those who surrender willingly."

After explaining himself thoroughly, the other commanders present began to take his idea as a realistic suggestion. They had already lost thousands of men in their multiple attempts at the wall without injuring any of the defenders; even in a field battle, the weapons the Tyroleans used would be disastrous to fight against. Maybe the man had a point?

After a heated debate, Siegmund had finally come to a decision. He would no longer waste the lives of his men trying to invade Tyrol, it was a pointless endeavor, but he also would not surrender to Berengar until he knew who would win the war as such he gave his commands.

"We will sit back and do nothing until we can see who a clear winner of this war is. If Dietger's armies begin to pressure Berengar's, we will launch another offensive; if they are soundly defeated, we will surrender to Berengar. Does anyone disagree with this approach?"

After having a vote, the result was unanimous; the army at the Northwest Border of Tyrol would no longer actively engage in this conflict, giving Berengar and his forces some reprieve.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172: Fields of Steiermark
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the fields of Steiermark, near the border of Salzburg, two armies had met. On the side of the Austrians, Count Otto was facing off against the Bavarians who had the gall to enter his lands. Though the nearby regions were set ablaze from the ongoing invasion, Steiermark had been one of the few Counties capable of defending itself for the time being. The reason for this was simple, Count Otto and his armies escaped from the fields of Passau primarily intact, and as such, he had the most significant remaining professional force within the entirety of Austria. Outside of Berengar's army, that is. As such, the man was able to competently defend his territory, though that did not stop the Bavarians from trying to force him into submission.

While the battle waged, Count Otto found himself dismounted and engaging with the enemy forces in melee combat. While he did so, a few bolts flew past the Count's face which was covered in a great bascinet, one of these bolts even directly collided with his throat plate. however, it was effortlessly deflected by the sturdy steel helmet. Like most of his army's equipment, the armor Count Otto was equipped had been provided by the man's nephew. Berengar had not cut corners when creating Count Otto's plate armor, and though it was not as advanced as the designs of full plate armor in which Berengar had access, it was made with the finest materials and by the greatest craftsmen of his realm. As such, Count Otto was adequately protected against the enemy's missile fire.

After his armor deflected the oncoming bolts with ease, Count Otto found himself engaging in a swordfight with a relatively well-equipped man at arms. Wielding his longsword with excellent skill, Otto quickly disarmed the enemy opponent before gripping the blade of his sword in a technique that is is referred to as half swording, where he drove the tip of the blade into the gaps in the enemy's armor. The opponent grunted in pain as his shoulder was pierced, and Otto followed up with a murder stroke, smashing the pommel of his sword against the opponent's helmet, acting as a makeshift mace. After a few mighty swings, the enemy collapsed, his skull thoroughly crushed by Otto's onslaught.

After ending his opponent's miserable existence, Otto gazed upon the battlefield and noticed that the tide had begun to turn in his favor. Though the Bavarians were more significant in number, Otto was an experienced commander and easily outmaneuvered the hostile army. While he was engaging the enemy forces as the commander of the vanguard, His cavalry which was led by one of his vassals had passed beyond the enemy's flanks and smashed into them with their lances like an unstoppable tidal wave; in doing so, the cavalry broke the enemy formation and forced them to regroup. This was the strategy Duke Wilmar had attempted to use at Passau. However, this time, it worked as intended. Mainly because the Bavarians were not prepared for another feigned retreat, with their flanks smashed and the survivors beginning to route, the enemy lines quickly began to crumble.

Noticing that the battle had begun to shift in his favor, Otto continued his onslaught of the men in front of him with fierce determination. Surrounded by a group of disarmed knights, the courageous Count charged towards the enemy like an enraged tiger. Not all men at arms of the Bavarian army were equipped head to toe in brigandine and plate, and as such, the sword was still quite the effective weapon. With great finesse, Otto swiftly dodged an oncoming strike before lunging with his blade into the enemy's thigh, piercing through the femoral artery and causing the man to bleed out on the spot in rapid fashion. However, the Count did not have time to breathe as he was quickly rushed by another enemy, who immediately bound Otto's sword with his own. As the two were caught in a struggle, an oncoming lancer pierced through the backplate of the enemy, aiding Otto in his conflict.

Sweat began to pool on Otto's forehead as he continued to exert his energy in the heat of battle; the Bavarian forces started to retreat after a while. Even though the enemy was routing, Otto did not pursue them. He feared he would fall into a trap similar to the late Duke Wilmar; as such, the surviving Bavarians fled back into Salzburg, which was primarily occupied by the Bavarians. By winning this battle, Otto had secured the County of Steiermark for a bit longer; however, if the Bavarians kept persisting in their attempts to invade his territory, sooner or later, his armies would falter.

Gazing at the losses on both sides, Otto began to lament the deaths of those brave soldiers who fought for their homeland. What he needed now was the aid of an ally. Unfortunately, most of his supporters were significantly weakened by the horrific loss at Passau and were themselves struggling to maintain their territory. The only one who was able to help the man was Berengar, and Otto did not fully trust his nephew. While Berengar had supplied Otto's forces with a great deal of equipment and resources, it became increasingly apparent that the young Count of Tyrol had no intentions to intervene in the war and merely sit it out in his well-defended territory.

What was even more suspicious was that the Bavarians were all equipped with a similar level of equipment that the Austrians were using. This led Otto to believe that Berengar was supplying both sides of the conflict as a war profiteer. The fact that the only action Berengar had taken during this conflict was defending his borders and that of his western neighbor further filled Otto's doubts of his nephew's loyalty. Though Berengar seemed to care for Otto's youngest daughter Adela unless the Bavarians threatened her life, Berengar was unlikely to aid Otto, and the man knew it.

However, Otto also knew that Berengar was a man driven by self-interest. If that were the case, if he wanted to acquire his Nephew's help, precisely that of his armies, he would need to develop some incentive for him to do so. These were the issues Count Otto thought about as his soldiers began to clean up the battlefield. Eventually, one of the Count's commander's approached him and handed him a letter.

"My liege, there is a letter for you which contains the seal of the von Habsburg dynasty."

Count Otto sighed heavily as he grabbed ahold of the letter and began to read its contents; he could already guess what information the letter contained. After reading the letter, Otto tore it up and cast the shredded remains into the wind. The action, of course, shocked his commander, and the man could not help but voice his concerns.

"Your excellency... What is it?"

Count Otto stared into the distance towards the direction of Vienna with a solemn expression before answering the man's question.

"Vienna is under siege once more, and Wilmar's heir requests our aid."

After receiving such news, the Count's actions further confused the commander, and as such, he asked the question on his mind.

"And we are not providing it?"

Count Otto then stared grimly into the commander's eyes before making his stance clear.

"With what army? The survivors of this battle need to defend Steiermark from further incursion; we do not have the men to spare if we wish to break the Siege of Vienna. I have already done enough for the Habsburgs; I need to think of my own family's safety."

Though the commander was initially shocked, he also understood Otto's thoughts on the matter. This was a war Austria was now fated to lose, and the Count of Steiermark had to think about his family's future. To prevent the most losses to his territory, he would have to abandon the Habsburgs to their fate. Of course, neither of the men had any idea that by doing this, they were playing into Berengar's plot to topple the Habsburg dynasty and place himself as Duke in the upcoming years.

After cleaning up the battlefield and scavenging the equipment from the corpses that were buried in mass graves, the armies of Count Otto began to return to Graz, where they would rest, until a time where they were needed to defend their borders once more. Unfortunately for the von Graz family, they were not located in the mountainous region of Tyrol. As such, they were not afforded the natural barrier in which the Alps provided Berengar. Thus they would have to meet the enemy in the field every time they presented themselves.

Thus with the Battle being completed and the von Graz family rejection of the Habsburg's request for aid, the war in Austria began to advance towards Berengar's interests. For now, Steiermark would remain free from Bavarian influence, but whether they could endure the tides of war long enough to be a part of Berengar's resistance to Bavarian authority was yet to be determined.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173: War Council I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was currently standing in the middle of his Great Hall; he was posing for a painter who had shown exceptional talent over the last few months, so much so that Berengar had commissioned this painter to paint a portrait of himself. The first of many to come. It was no secret that Berengar was an incredibly vain man; he cared greatly for his appearance and those around him. There was a reason he outfitted his forces in the flashy attire of the Landschnekts from his previous life. He secretly wondered if he had inherited this from his father in this life or if he had developed it over time.

After all, in his previous life, Berengar was an exceptionally average-looking man; his great attracting feature was the body he had put a lot of effort into developing into that of a warrior's. His face, however, was nothing special, and though it was not ugly, it was certainly not attractive either. However, after reincarnating into this life, he found himself in the body of an exceptionally handsome young man. If one went from average to a 10/10, it made sense for them to become slightly obsessed with their appearance.

At the moment, the young Count stood dressed in his armor. The three-quarter's plate armor was made out of blackened steel, with exquisite gold embellishments. The pauldrons were perfectly sloped over the gaps in the armor to the point where rondels were unneeded. His gauntlets allowed access to the individual fingers, and he currently held onto the grip of his heavy cavalry sword, which was slung across his waist and sitting within its sheath.

His free hand rested on his equally embellished open face burgonet, which sat on a nearby end table. Berengar's facial expression was cold, and indifferent which went perfectly with his gilded black velvet eyepatch, creating an oppressive atmosphere. The portrait itself was from the waist up, and as such, the armor which protected his thighs and groin were not visible.

In the audience watching the painter display, Berengar's majestic appearance with excellent skill was Linde, who greatly admired the process. Berengar had promised that if it turned out as well as he thought it would, then he would commission one of Linde as well. As such, she was pretty excited as she saw the portrait slowly take shape. The painting was of far more excellent quality than the average medieval period painting. Berengar was far from an artist, but he knew how to explain how to use basic principles from his past life. After all, he had taken a few painting classes in high school as an elective. So he was able to help the artists in Kufstein advance their skills so that their paintings would be more lifelike.

As the painting neared completion, it significantly resembled other portraits from the renaissance period from Berengar's past life. It was quite the magnificent work, and the painter would never have acquired such skills without Berengar's instruction and the funds that the young count provided artists in Kufstein to pursue their passions. After the work was completed, the young painter showed Berengar the end product; as Berengar witnessed the creation with his own eyes, a large smile spread across his face as he handed the man a pouch filled with gold coins before complimenting the artist.

"As always, your paintings never cease to amaze me! Well done, lad!"

It was pretty awkward for Berengar to refer to the young man as a lad; after all, he was only twenty-one, and the artist was of a similar age to him. Nevertheless, one does not question what the Count calls you, and the man merely smiled at the compliments he was given, and more importantly, the pouch he received, which was filled with gold coins.

Berengar then placed his steel-clad arm around the man's back and instructed him on his next task.

"Go and rest; you have earned it! Whenever you feel the tingle of creativity in the back of your mind once more, return to my Castle and paint a portrait of my beautiful lover."

The young man merely nodded at Berengar's request and left the room, where Linde was waiting in the background for the two men to complete their transaction. She had a lovely grin on her face as she looked at the portrait before expressing her opinion.

"It looks phenomenal; who knew art could be so beautiful!"

Berengar merely chuckled as he began to strip his armor off of himself, which Linde immediately took notice of and assisted in the process. While they were in the process of taking off his equipment, Berengar voiced his opinion on the piece.

"The artist was lucky that I am so handsome; if I were an average man, the piece would not be as inspiring!"

Linde merely rolled her eyes at the sight of Berengar complimenting himself yet again; she was well aware of his sense of vanity, still, that honestly did not make her think any less of him. After all, she was first attracted to him because of his appearance; she chuckled as she thought how foolish she was for trying to drug and enslave Berengar when they first met. Though things did not turn out as she had intended to that night, she was far happier with the actual result.

Thinking about their first night together made Linde incredibly aroused, and after she finished stripping off Berengar's armor, she pressed her ample breasts into her lover's chest in an attempt to seduce him. Noticing Linde's longing gaze, Berengar chuckled; he had no idea what she was thinking about to bring on this sudden change, but she was seriously too tempting; it was no wonder he fell for her charms when they first met. Nevertheless, he was much too busy to satisfy her at the moment. The portrait was just one of his many responsibilities on his daily list. Before he could fool around with his lover, he had to take care of the realm; as such, he flicked the girl on the nose as she tried to seduce him with her beautiful figure.

"Be patient; I am swamped with work at the moment. However, I promise I will satisfy you later tonight!"

Linde began to pout when Berengar rejected her, but she knew that he always kept his word, and as such, she put on a sultry smile as she kissed him passionately; it was only after she released herself did she say the comments on her mind.

"I will hold you to that promise!"

Afterward, Linde fled from Berengar's sight, leaving him behind in the room by himself. Berengar merely licked his lips as he said to himself aloud.

"I am going to make her pay for that..."

Now that his portrait was finished, Berengar had plenty of other matters to attend to. So did Linde; as the master of Berengar's spy network, she quickly got to work compiling information on Berengar's enemies, expanding the web that covered Southern Germany. Soon enough, Berengar's agents would be in every corner of the Holy Roman Empire, collecting information and waiting for an opportunity to strike.

As for Berengar, he had a meeting to attend to, where he would be consulting with several officers in his army about the ongoing war in Austria. Though now was not the time to strike, preparations were in progress for the critical moment when Vienna fell, and Conrad was extracted to Kufstein where he could set up an Austrian government in exile. If even one cog in the machine that was his army failed to fulfill its duty, Berengar could lose everything in this upcoming ploy.

With this in mind, Berengar got changed into his civilian clothing and visited the building constructed to act as the headquarters of his department of defense. When he arrived in the war room, Berengar noticed that several officers were waiting for him inside it, and they quickly jumped into Salutes as Berengar made his presence known. Berengar, of course, returned the salutes before giving the command.

"At ease"

Where the officers slightly relaxed their position. Afterward, Berengar and the officers in the war room sat down in the chairs that were provided for them, where Berengar began to start the meeting.

"First and foremost, how are the 2,500 troops I sent to Vorarlberg doing?"

One of the officers who bore the rank of General quickly announced the status of the operation to defend the Western borders of Austria.

"Your Excellency, the Count of Vorarlberg, is grateful for the troops we have sent, and under the command of the officer in charge, they have done an excellent job in repelling the advance of the Bavarians. By now, the Bavarian army which attacked the region has been completely pushed out, largely in part to our forces. However, the Count of Vorarlberg and his armies should also be commended for their success."

Berengar nodded in approval at this news before addressing his next concern.

"So the region has been secured for our trade caravans to pass through?"

The General quickly responded in the affirmative

"That is correct, your Excellency!"

Berengar smiled when he heard those words; now that the western front was secure, Berengar did not have to worry about fighting on two sides when he finally got involved in the war for Austria. As such, he began to address the border crisis.

"How about the border forts? How are they holding up?"

Another man bearing the rank of Colonel quickly informed Berengar about the ongoing conflict at the border as he spread a map across the table and placed a few mini-figures that represented the forces involved in the battle.

"The Northwest garrison has completely halted the advance of the Bavarians; after trying to attack numerous forts, they have given up completely and are simply maintaining their presence at the border. As for the Northeast Border, the Bavarians are still concentrating their efforts to break through the defense. However, they are making no progress due to the construction of the star forts in the area and how well defended they are; the enemy army usually routes after a few artillery barrages. We have yet to suffer a single casualty, well aside from some minor wounds."

Berengar smiled and nodded at this news, ultimately. For the time being, Tyrol was secure; as such, Berengar decided to inform his officers of his upcoming plans, for they could not adequately prepare themselves if they were unaware. As such, Berengar deeply thought about the words he would use next, as they were of critical importance to his future plans. Thus the officers in the war room were left in silence as they waited for their Liege and Commander to give his passionate speech on the future of the War in Austria, one which would one day be recorded in history as a symbol of Berengar's rise to power.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174: War Council II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The silence permeated throughout the stale air of the war room for some time before Berengar finally voiced his concerns over the upcoming period with an impassioned speech.

"Gentlemen, we are at the dawn of a new era! The invasion from the Bavarians has brought us an unforeseen opportunity. Vienna is under siege, and the Habsburg Dynasty is nearing its end. If we take advantage of this upheaval to rescue the youngest member of the Dynasty from the predicament he finds himself in; we will be able to benefit from this crisis and establish a government in exile, with our County at the center of the resistance! Imagine a new Austria with Tyrol at the core of its power! For this vision of the future to become a reality, I need every one of you to seize this opportunity that lies before us! For a Greater Austria!"

Every man within the war room of the headquarters of the Department of Defense was an ambitious man, at least to the point that they were eager to follow Berengar in his future conquests, not a single one of them were displeased with this plan that would allow their liege to usurp the Duchy of Austria in the future. As such, when Berengar finished his speech, it was met with the battle cry of the Tyrolean Army from all of the officers present.

"God with us!"

Seeing the officers pound their chests in a unified salute and scream the battle cry of his army, Berengar was pleased; it would appear that the core of his officers had taken his side in the upcoming conflict. Though Berengar did not doubt their loyalty, he was an exceptionally cautious man and had to prepare for the event that he would be betrayed; as such, he was closely examining every member of his staff before nodded his head in approval.? After witnessing the scene of his officers come to terms with his plan, Berengar pointed towards Vienna on the map before sharing his and Linde's plan with the high-ranking officers who made up the core of his military hierarchy.

"Our agents have long since infiltrated Vienna's Castle when the City falls and the Castle with it, we predict that Duke Dietger of Bavaria will butcher any potential rivals to his claim over Bavaria, and as such we will smuggle Conrad out of the Castle of Vienna where we will coerce him into making myself Regent, while we work towards restoring the Habsburg Dynasty to power over Austria. In name only, of course, the real power behind the Throne will be me as Regent, and by extension all of you as Officers in my Army. You all do not need to worry about this operation's success as it is left to the Department of Intelligence; as for your jobs, it will be to ensure that our forces are prepared and amassed at our Eastern border for the three-prong invasion through Salzburg, K?rnten, and Upper Austria! After we have seized those regions, we will rally with the forces of Steiermark and march on the Bavarians in Lower Austria, which will allow us to seize Vienna, and declare our war a victory."

Hearing Berengar's plan for invading Eastern Austria and reclaiming it, the Officers were all impressed. By the time they were able to invade Bavarian-Occupied Austria, they would have roughly 30,000 men. They would be able to split their army into three Divisions of 10,000 Men each to advance on the three locations, each Division would have enough firepower to successfully defeat any army they might come across.

The strategy itself was planned by Berengar, considering Eckhard was currently overseeing the forces stationed in Kitzbühel, the young Count had to design the operation entirely by himself, and as an avid strategy gamer from his past life, he was more than capable of devising an invasion plan such as this. The officers comprised of the core of his military hierarchy all agreed with the strategy, and though a few of them added some minor inputs, the invasion plan was mainly complete. As such, after a thorough discussion, the Officers were eventually dismissed, and Berengar found himself alone in the war room staring at the map. One day soon, Austria would be his, and his plans for unifying Germany into a Greater German Empire would be one step closer to reality.

After looking over his battle plans one more time, Berengar rolled up the map and stashed it away, where he then left the headquarters of the department of defense and returned to his Castle, where Linde and Henrietta were waiting patiently for him to attend dinner. The moment Berengar sat down at the head of the table, he overheard Linde's feminine voice call out to him.

"So, how did the War Council go?"

Upon hearing these words Berengar smirked, before tussling Linde's silky red-gold hair. Afterward, he took a sip out of the doppelbock beer, filled in his skull chalice before responding.

"You do not need to worry so much; everything is going according to the plan. Soon enough, we will rule this land."

Henrietta, of course, had no idea what the young couple was conspiring about this time, nor did she care. Instead, she spoke up voluntarily for the first time in a while with a broad smile on her face.

"I made a friend today!"

Hearing Henrietta openly declare such a thing brought a great sense of surprise to both Berengar and Linde, who had not expected her to make a friend so quickly after they had given her advice. They thought it would take a while before Henrietta would leave her comfort zone and approach the other girls in her class. As such, Berengar immediately took a sip from his chalice before replying to Henrietta.

"I am glad to hear it, so who is this little friend of yours?"

Henrietta was all too eager to announce her friend's name and how they met; as such, she quickly began to spit out the events of what happened as rapidly as machine gunfire. Not that such a thing existed in this world.

"Her name is Charlotte, and she is the daughter of one of the soldiers in your army! We met at lunch when I overheard her talking about how her father always brags about your victories in battle and how he was a part of them! So I told her you were not always the bold commander you are today and how you used to be a sickly, foolish boy! She was eager to hear about your past, so we talked throughout the lunch period about how you used to be and how you changed!"

Berengar nearly choked on his beer when he overheard Henrietta informing her friends of his embarrassing past, Linde. On the other hand, she was smirking at Berengar's misfortune and began to encourage Henrietta to continue with her behavior.

"That's good, Henrietta; I remember when I first heard of your brother years ago, the rumors that were flowing about then was that he would not live to be twenty, and he spent most of his days idling about and throwing childish tantrums every time something did not go his way..."

Berengar glared at Linde when she reminded him of the original host of his current body; every time he looked back on those memories, he began to cringe at the old Berengar's immature behavior and dull mindset. If he had not reincarnated in this body, that fool would have ended up dying anyway, and Berengar would never be able to achieve anything significant in life. Luckily for him, he was able to reinvent his image through many difficulties, that is.? As such, the younger generation was utterly unaware of his original reputation, despite it roughly being a year since his massive change in behavior.

After listening to the two girls criticize his past, Berengar coughed a little before addressing Henrietta's conversation about him with her friend Charlotte.

"Henrietta, my dear sister..."

Henrietta perked up her head like a bit of meerkat when she heard Berengar address her in such a manner.

"Yes?"

Berengar took another sip from his beer before finishing his train of thought; the whole scenario vexed him.

"If you love me as your brother, you will do best not to remind people of my embarrassing past..."

Linde chuckled as she witnessed Berengar's pained expression; as for Henrietta, she was confused; after all, Berengar was the one who encouraged her to talk about information most people did not know about him to the other girls in an attempt to make friends. However, she quickly realized she might have wounded Berengar's pride as the Count of Tyrol and began to pout before nodding her head in agreement.

"Okay, I will only say the good things about your past from now on!"

Seeing that Henrietta had agreed to his request, Berengar smiled gratefully before reaching across the table and patting Henrietta's little head while praising her.

"Good girl!"

This action, of course, brought a gentle smile to Henrietta's face as she basked in the affection of her dearest older brother. Linde, of course, would not miss the opportunity to make fun of Berengar and quickly muttered under her breath.

"Lolicon..."

This statement instantly disrupted Berengar's actions and brought a frown to his face. As such, he withdrew his hand from Henrietta's glossy golden blonde hair before awkwardly digging into his meal. After which Henrietta began to pout at Linde for disrupting her moment, the meal continued in awkward silence as the trio enjoyed the gourmet cuisine made for them by the talented chefs of Berengar's Castle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175: A Normal Day for the Count of Tyrol
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After dining with Linde and Henrietta, Berengar was finally able to relax, as such he sat in front of the fireplace as the evening came and went, drinking wine from his skull chalice, the more he drank, the more intoxicated he became until finally, he started speaking to his goblet as if he were speaking to his brother himself.

"Lambert, my little brother, why do you hate me to such a degree that you must attempt to end my life and usurp my title?"

Though Berengar had roughly heard about the reason for Lambert's actions during their duel at Obserdoft and could slightly sympathize with him, after all, if he was in the boy's position and had an older brother like Berengar from before his reincarnation, he too would have plotted against such a fool. Yet to Berengar, Lambert's actions were unforgivable, mainly because he continued to engage in such behavior after Berengar had proven himself capable of leading the House to greater power and prosperity.

Obviously, the chalice made from Lambert's skull did not reply to Berengar's question. Meanwhile, Linde had walked in and observed Berengar's drunken conversation with the inanimate object, and as such, she quickly approached him and grabbed the chalice from his hands as he attempted to take another swig.

"I think you have had enough, master..."

Gazing at Linde's worried expression and the look in which the skull chalice was giving him, Berengar merely chuckled before allowing Linde to snatch his goblet away from his grasp; the young Count voiced his support for his lover's actions as he struggled to get to his feet while leaning on Linde for support.

"You are probably right..."

After finding his balance, Berengar slowly followed Linde to their room, where she helped him get undressed and into bed, shortly thereafter she followed suit. Berengar was too drunk to fulfill his promise earlier in the day, and because of that, the young beauty pouted. Nevertheless, she found comfort in the act of cuddling in the arms of her lover as the two drifted to sleep. Before long the light of dawn shone through the window, and Berengar awoke from his drunken stupor, miraculously he did not have a hangover which he was thankful to Dionysus for such a result. He commonly found himself thanking the old pagan gods whenever something good happened to him related to their mastery. It was a lighthearted joke, and obviously something he kept to himself. As an atheist, he did not truly believe in his jests.

However, when he gazed at the unsatisfied expression on Linde's sleeping face, he realized that he had failed to fulfill his promise. As such a wicked smile appeared on his face as a sinister plot formed in his mind. However, before he could begin to enact such a thing, Berengar heard the infant cries of Hans in the other room, and Linde's maternal instincts took over with her sky blue eyes instantly opening and her head is rising from her pillow.

Seeing her bare body glistening in the light of dawn, Berengar wanted to pounce on the mother of his child then and there. Still, unfortunately for him, she was too focused on their son and his cries as such; she quickly got out of bed and dressed in her nightgown before leaving Berengar to pout like a child who had just been denied his favorite toy. Seeing that he no longer had the opportunity to fool around with Linde this morning, Berengar too got out of bed and dressed in his loose-fitting athletic attire before beginning his daily routine.

After doing his morning run, pushups, situps, squats, and pullups, Berengar began lifting weights before training in swordsmanship. Now that his right eye was no longer usable, his combat prowess was greatly diminished, especially since he had been forced to retrain himself in using his off-hand. After all, without the use of his dominant eye, to oversee the use of his dominant hand, fighting with his right hand was merely asking for trouble. As such, he was once more thoroughly thrashed in his sparring session with one of the Knights under his command.

However, Berengar was a persistent man, and he would not give up until he was once more adequate in using the sword. However, he would not be leading any charges on the battlefield until then and would merely stay at the rear and allow his soldiers to fight for him. The idea of which greatly wounded his pride as he thought about it. Nevertheless, that was the price to pay for his arrogance. As such, he spent his bath time greatly reflecting on the foolish actions of his past, the results of which were brought upon by his growing ego.

After getting out of his bath and fulfilling his other basic hygiene requirements, Berengar ate breakfast with his family. Ultimately the meal was uneventful, and nothing of importance was discussed; as such, Berengar soon found himself thrust into his work where he mainly oversaw the approval of budget concerns enacted by the House of Lords. Now that he had capable and loyal men leading the charge in his reforms, Berengar had little to micromanage and thus had a much larger degree of spare time than he had in the past when he had to lead the efforts in every small thing.

Eventually, a peculiar file found its way to his desk, which was for the approval of the appointment of a member of the House of Lords, a man with which Berengar had spent much time in the past, but lately had left to his own devices. Gunther, the reputable farmer who had helped him implement his agricultural reforms in their early stages, was voted into the House of Commons by the standard population capable of voting, which was still very few at this point in time. He had greatly embraced education and spent a significant degree of his spare time educating himself on various topics. Seeing that he passed the test that was established to determine one's ability to vote and the other exam that determined one's ability to hold a position of political office, Berengar had no complaints in approving his appointment.

During one of the previous amendments to the Constitution of Tyrol, Berengar had amended his constitutional powers to allow the ability to accept a nominee onto the House of Lords and the House of Commons to reside with the Head of State. Even though the ordinary people and the Lords could vote on their representatives, assuming that they had passed the minimum standard of education to do so, and the other constitutional requirements, it was still not a guarantee that elected person would fulfill the position, ultimately the power to choose who represented the people still rested with Berengar.

For example, he would never approve someone into a position of power who was antagonistic to his and his family's interests. Nor would he support someone with a track record of sheer incompetency or corruption. Sometimes the people did not know what was best for Society, and it was at that point a Monarch must step in to prevent the foolishness of said people from harming the Nation.

However, Berengar had no complaints with Gunther. The man was quite intelligent for someone born into the position of a serf. He had also proven his competency in the initial stages of Berengar's agricultural reforms. Now that he was fairly educated, he was the perfect representative for the common people; As such, Berengar quickly signed his approval to the document before moving on to the next candidate.

After getting through a list of potential candidates to fill the vacant seats in both parliamentary branches, Berengar had rejected over 75% of them. Mainly due to the lack of ability they had demonstrated in their respective fields. As such, the Parliamentary system was still largely unfilled. Yet, it was beginning to take shape, and as such, Berengar's workload thoroughly decreased with each passing day. Still, Berengar had plenty of documents to read through and sign, and as such, he spent the rest of his day doing such a thing.

By the time he had finished with his day's work, it was well past the dinner hour. He had once more missed the occasion to dine with his family. Nevertheless, Berengar quickly got up from his seat, in which he had been sitting in all day for the most part, and headed to the kitchen for a meal. Where he dined by his lonesome before returning to his room. Much to his surprise, Linde was waiting for him, completely naked and lying on his bed with a lustful smile on her face while showing off her alluring figure. Berengar quickly shut the door behind him as he entered the room, and Linde beckoned for him to join her as she stated the words.

"It is time to fulfill your promise!"

An eager smile appeared on Berengar's face as he stripped out of his luxurious clothing and pounced on his lover; he had been waiting for this all day. The couple spent the rest of their waking hours making love, where Berengar was exceptionally careful not to get her pregnant. After all, they already had one child, and Linde was still young, with many years of fertility to come. It was best not to rush such things. With this, Berengar ended endured a typical day in his routine as the Count of Tyrol.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176: Selling Armor to the Byzantines
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar's armies were maintaining the situation at the border, Berengar himself was able to thoroughly enjoy the peaceful nature brought about by the stability of his lands. Though several of the other Lords of Tyrol in which he had subjugated in his conquests were primarily upset by the many reforms he had forced upon them, due to his careful deployment of troops in every central region, they had little power to rebel against him. Most of them, of course, was wise enough not to take such an action while the Bavarians ravaged the rest of Austria. Berengar may be a Tyrant who stripped them of several of their feudal powers, but he provided a stable and economically efficient realm in a time of chaos and destruction. As such, the benefits they gained from Berengar's economic ventures outweighed the disadvantages they gained by surrendering their authority to raise their own troops.

In fact, with Berengar's military reforms, creating a centralized army under his command, the individual Lords of his realm were spared the expense of training and outfitting such troops. Though these soldiers who Garrisoned their cities were fanatically loyal to Berengar, they had not caused any problems for the authority of his vassals, aside from reminding them to follow the laws in which Berengar had enacted. The complex Imperial Style bureaucracy which Berengar had put into effect throughout Tyrol had greatly diminished the amount of time these Lords needed to work on governing their realms, allowing them to maintain a lavish lifestyle filled with far more leisure than before. The younger nobility greatly appreciated Berengar's political reforms, as they had far less work to do and could enjoy themselves with their vast fortunes.

The critical positions of nobility, such as Viscounts and Barons was filled mainly with Berengar's generation; after all, most of their parents had taken part in Lothar's rebellion and ended up with a similar fate to the late Count. At first, many of them greatly despised Berengar and blamed him for the result. However, Berengar was crafty, and he showed off the wealth generated from the industrial districts in the cities of Kufstein and Innsbruck to lure these young noblemen to his cause. If they proved their loyalty and put aside their foolish beliefs, they too could gain the approval for an industrial district in their region. Ultimately whether or not Berengar was to blame for their parents' deaths quickly became an afterthought in the minds of many of these young noblemen when they realized the vast fortune that could be gained by following Berengar.

Peace reigned over Tyrol while most of the German-Speaking regions were bleeding in constant conflict; because of this, Berengar's trade flourished internally and with his trading partners in Italy and the Byzantine Empire. At the moment, Berengar was hosting a feast for Arethas, who brought him some great news from the Empire in the East. It had been several months since he last saw his most significant trading partner. As far as Berengar was aware, the man was in the process of convincing the Empire to outsource a portion of their equipment to Berengar's factories. Finally, the Strategos of Ionia had brought him the news in which Berengar wanted to hear.

"The Emperor has finally agreed to my request; we expect a third of our army's equipment to be manufactured here in Kufstein; I assume your facilities can handle such a large request?"

Berengar chuckled as he drank from his skull chalice before answering the man's question.

"Of course! It will not be a problem."

Arethas was happy to hear such a thing as he toasted his chalice of wine to Berengar and their upcoming business venture.

"To our collective fortune! May it be a long and fruitful relationship!"

Berengar lifted his goblet in the toast before drinking from it once more. The fact that Berengar was now drinking from an exquisite skull chalice and had an eyepatch did not go unnoticed by the Byzantine nobleman who awkwardly brought up the subject.

"So... I can't help but notice the skull chalice and the eyepatch. Is there something I should know about?"

Berengar quickly put down his knife and fork when he heard those words; his expression became stern as he closely observed the skull of his little brother, which had been turned into an extravagant drinking cup. Eventually, a sinister smile spread across his face as he told the man the truth of the matter.

"Someone close to me sought to do me harm; after they had made numerous attempts on my life and were exiled from my domain, they returned with an army to usurp my position. During the battle, that person took the sight from my right eye, for that I killed them and seized their skull as a trophy; I decided to turn it into a drinking cup so that I always remember that even the closest members of your friends and family can betray you, and the price that is paid for being merciful..."

Berengar's chilling words permeated the air and were quickly followed by silence; Linde was the only person aware of who Berengar was referring to; Henrietta was blissfully unaware that the skull chalice in which Berengar always drank from was that of her other brother. Naturally, she was not informed of Lambert's death nor his treasonous actions. As such, she assumed it was someone else. As for Arethas, he was greatly disturbed that the chalice was an actual human skull dipped in gold and not some monstrous work of art. Such barbarism was unacceptable in the Empire to the East, yet the Count of Tyrol looked upon the skull chalice with a sense of pride; such a thing was genuinely unthinkable for civilized people. Despite his inner protests, Arethas knew that his business relationship with Tyrol was worth more than his internal disgust; as such, he quietly calmed himself before responding to Berengar's tale.

"I see..."

With that said, Berengar shifted the conversation to that of business and began to inquire about the order's details.

"Tell me, what style of armor will I be creating for your Empire's forces?"

Seeing that the topic was shifted from its previous grim nature, Arethas quickly addressed Berengar's question.

"I believe you referred to it as mirror-pattern armor. As long as you can make those complex pieces, we can handle the rest of the production, such as the mail armor that goes underneath it."

This was a simple enough request, and Berengar would be happy to fulfill it; mail took longer to manufacture anyways and was hardly worth the efforts of his industry; as such, he was pleased with such news. Thus Berengar quickly addressed his next concern.

"Will you need us to manufacture Helmets or arms?"

Arethas shook his head before answering.

"Unfortunately, all I was able to get approval for was the production of the mirror-pattern breastplates and its pauldrons. As such, that is those are the only pieces of equipment we require you to manufacture."

Berengar nodded in approval; it was much simpler to divert a production line to a single piece of equipment, and as such, he was more than happy to manufacture it, after all, it was an expensive piece of armor to produce, and doing so in massive numbers would allow him substantial profit. As such, he replied to Arethas' request in the affirmative.

"Fine by me, the price is negotiable, but such complex pieces will require a significant production line to be laid down for it; as such, my initial offer is 15 Hyperpyrons per piece."

The Hyperpyron was a gold coin in use by the Byzantine Empire during its later days of Berengar's past life. In that timeline, it was gradually debased to the point of worthlessness; however, in this timeline, the Byzantine Empire was still powerful, wealthy, and largely stable. As such, the currency maintained its value of roughly 20.5 carats or 4.1 grams of gold. It was by no means a small sum, but then again, Berengar's armor would be of substantially better quality than the iron products the Byzantines currently used.

Arethas' face twitched as he heard such a large number, luckily Berengar prefaced his statement with the phrase "the price is negotiable" as such, he began to haggle with the young Count sitting before him as he dined on his schnitzel.

"ten Hyperpyrons!"

Berengar shook his head as he counter-offered

"fourteen"

the two noblemen haggled over minute details until finally, a price of 12 Hyperpyrons per armor set consisting of a breastplate and pauldrons. Berengar was satisfied with the result, but Arethas was clenching his teeth; this would cost the Empire a significant amount, but it would be well worth the price, and as such, he finally accepted the outcome. After the two men concluded their negotiations over the cost of the equipment, they shared a meal and continued to enjoy the peace that was afforded to the region of Tyrol. Now that Arethas acted as the importer to Berengar's equipment within the Byzantine Empire, he gained some degree of profit. The two noblemen from very different regions of the world were now intertwined in the arms, and textile trades, which acted as a huge source of income for both parties.

With the business negotiations concluded, the two parties enjoyed the remainder of the meal, engaging in casual conversation about what the two had been up to over the past few months since they last met. Obviously, Berengar made sure to stay away from the topic of his battle with the Teutonic Order, as his savagery in that event seemed to cause great discomfort to the Nobleman from the East, then again Berengar was a German, a descendent of the barbarians who sacked Rome and destroyed its Empire. The idea that a Roman from the East and an intensely nationalistic German who took pride in his ancestor's accomplishments could form such an amicable relationship was entertaining to Berengar. Despite this, Berengar was aware that such a relationship was vital to his plans. Thus he tried his best not to pour salt on the grave of the Western Roman Empire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177: School Days
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the moment Henrietta was currently in class, silently listening to the teacher explain basic arithmetic, in the classroom around her were a bunch of female students her own age. Under Berengar's public education system he had separated it by Gender in order to avoid any unnecessary distractions, especially among those who might be entering their adolescent years. This way he was also able to design the curriculum in a way that catered to the ways in which boys and girls tended to study. As such this was an all-girls school, with only female instructors. The woman in charge of teaching basic mathematics was a noblewoman who had at Berengar's request filled the position, after all, there was not much for a woman of her status in life to do, and it felt good to aid in the development of the next generation.

Charlotte was sitting next to Henrietta and was struggling with the basic concepts, she was by no means a prodigy when it came to math, but she had a fairly creative mind, unlike Henrietta who's mind greatly resembled Berengar's in so far that it functioned well with mathematics, and critical thinking. After the basic instruction was concluded the girls were split into groups to work on the problems where Henrietta and Charlotte grouped up together with a third girl who was nearby. The problem was a simple product of multiplication. However, the other girls were struggling with the concept, as such Henrietta showed the multiplication table Berengar had designed and informed them as to her understanding as to how it worked.

"2 x 2 = 4, because it is the addition of two, twos. However, 2 x 3 = 6, because it is the addition of three twos, and so on and so forth."

Charlotte, on the other hand, was incredibly frustrated, it was basic mathematics, and yet she was already struggling, one could tell she was not destined to be an engineer or anything which utilized a great deal of math. Instead, she had drawn a picture of a bird, which for her age and lack of proper education was quite acceptable. She of course drew it on the back of her worksheet, which caused Henrietta to lecture the girl.

"Of course you are not going to understand it if you keep drawing on the back of your worksheets instead of paying attention to the lecture!"

On the other hand, the other girl in the group perfectly understood Henrietta's explanation and thanked her for the help.

"Thank Henrietta, you are always a great help!"

This caused Henrietta to smile, she never knew it would be so fun to interact with people of her same age. If it was not for Berengar insisting she go to school, and interact with the other girls she probably would have been sheltered alone in the Castle her entire life. As such she responded to the girl's compliment

"It is no problem!"

seeing Henrietta and the other girl get along so well Charlotte began to pout. She was quite a cute girl with a dirty blonde ponytail, and mint green eyes. Though compared to Henrietta her appearance was severely lacking, after all, she was dressed in a peasant gown, compared to Henrietta's luxurious noble attire. By the expression on her face, she greatly desired to monopolize Henrietta to herself. Of course, the young girl quickly found a way out of work and began to ask Henrietta questions about her older brother.

"Henrietta tell us another tale about Berengar!? I heard that he has an eyepatch now that looks super cool!"

The moment Charlotte brought up such a topic all of the girls in the class began to listen in to Henrietta and the tale she would tell this time. They had completely forgotten about the lesson plan and were attracted by the stories of the dashing young Count of Tyrol. Remembering what her brother had told her, Henrietta decided to tell a story from Berengar's past that was not super embarrassing.

"Hmm... Where should I begin, I suppose you could say that Berengar was always sickly growing up, ever since he was a small child, yet despite that he tried not to let his frail nature get in the way of living his life. For example when I was five, and he was roughly fifteen at the time. Some older kids among the nobility began to bully me, they had stolen my doll and tossed it up into a tree. When Berengar found out about it he decided to climb the tree and get the doll himself, despite being incredibly weak. He initially fell down from the tree after only managing to climb a few steps. However, he was determined, and as such, despite not having the strength to climb the tree himself, he found a ladder and used it to scale the tree and get my doll back. Afterward, he told me that if I was ever bullied again, to come to get him, and he would give the girls a scolding."

Charlotte's eyes began to glitter in excitement when she heard the chivalric actions of Berengar helping his beloved little sister, she could not help but ask the question on her mind.

"What happened next?"

Henrietta instantly realized the remainder of the story was not favorable to Berengar's prestigious image, but the entire class was staring at her with curiosity, and as such her resistance immediately collapsed and she revealed the embarrassing details.

"Erm... The girls returned and bullied me again, so I did as my big brother instructed and went to get his help. After he chastised them for their behavior the older girls... well... they beat him up..."

The cute and innocent expression on Henrietta's face when she revealed another embarrassing secret of Berengar's made the girls in the class instantly break out in laughter. Even the teacher began to chuckle when she heard about this side of the man often referred to as "Berengar the Indomitable" by his supporters. To think the man who ruled over the region with supreme authority, and dominance was so pitiful in the past, was truly an entertaining thought.

Henrietta continued her story for a brief bit longer as she addressed the class.

"After that, I learned that I should not rely on Berengar when I needed to teach someone a lesson, instead I went to my other brother Lambert... Though I guess that is no longer the case..."

The girls were curious about Lambert as most of them had not heard the name before, this sparked curiosity among Henrietta's classmates as they began to daydream about who Lambert was. Surely if he was the stronger of the two brothers then he would be a renowned warrior, thus one of the girls quickly asked about Lambert.

"Who is Lambert? Where is he now?"

Henrietta's expression sunk, though her family did not explicitly tell her that Lambert had done something horribly wrong, she was not foolish enough to believe he was innocent. She knew Lambert must have done some unspeakable act to be exiled from her family, she just did not know what exactly had transpired. Thus, a gloomy expression appeared on her face as she went silent. The teacher noticed the sullen expression on the girl's face and immediately tried to redirect the girls' attention so that they would focus on their work and give Henrietta some reprieve. Though she was not aware of Lambert's fate, she knew it could not be something good by the way Henrietta looked when he was mentioned.

"Come on girls, pay attention, and get your work done!"

The classroom full of young girls all began to moan in displeasure, but they eventually did what they were told and got back to work. Charlotte whispered to Henrietta while they were going over their worksheets

"That was really funny! Your big brother is the best!"

To which Henrietta blushed in embarrassment, she knew full well that she should not be revealing such info to the girls in her class. However, they all seemed so interested in the story, and as such she could not prevent herself from leaking the information. As such, she felt slightly guilty for her actions, but not enough to prevent her from doing it again. Henrietta quickly buried herself in her work, and it would not be until lunch period where she was vocal about Berengar's embarrassing past once more.

...

Meanwhile, in Berengar's office, the young Count felt a sudden itch in his nose, and before he knew it he had sneezed loudly, enough so that if one were nearby they might think it was a blast of thunder. After doing so he rubbed his nose and instantly said his thoughts aloud.

"Who is talking shit about me?"

Berengar had no way of knowing that Henrietta had revealed another embarrassing event from his past, for if he did he would surely grab ahold of her puffy little cheeks and pull on them until she was red in the face. However, being unaware of Henrietta's revealing his embarrassing secrets for social clout, he quickly got back to work on approving budgetary concerns.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178: Escaping from Vienna
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks had passed since the siege of Vienna had begun, and the army of the Bavarians had already breached the city's gates. They were close to accomplishing what Lothar had failed to achieve during his life, and that was to capture the City of Vienna and overthrow the main Habsburg line. Duke Dietger smiled from afar as his battering ram smashed into the gates of the city's castle. Soon enough, he will be the reigning authority in Austria and unite the Austro-Bavarian Kingdom; he would no longer be a mere Duke but a proper King! At least that was his ambition in life, and he was close to seeing it to fruition.

As the battering ram battered open the sturdy gates, the remaining defenders did their best to persist, but eventually, the gate fell. With it, an army of Bavarians charged into the Castle seeking to claim it for themselves and round up the late Duke Wilmar's family so that they could be properly dealt with. The clash of steel resounded throughout the stale air of the castle's walls. Though Duke Dietger was not leading the charge against the invaders himself, the same could not be said for Gautbehrt, who bravely defended his family home until his last dying breath.

The young Duke, who had yet to be appropriately recognized for his title, courageously fought against a Knight of Bavaria, as the two men wielded their swords with excellent skill in a fantastic display of medieval might. Surrounding them were the soldiers of both sides thrashing about in a grand melee, trying to gain the upper hand in the conflict. As their swords bound against one another, Gautbehrt unleashed a vicious backhand with his steel-clad fist, which smacked against the Knight's pig-faced bascinet; Though the damage was not severe; it bought Gautbehrt enough time to redirect his blade into the gaps in the enemy's shoulder, which was not adequately protected by a rondel. As such, the knight staggered from the tempered high carbon steel which founds its way piercing through the mail armor, the gambeson beneath it, and finally his flesh.

However, at this moment, Gautherbert was struck by the attack of a nearby opponent, which merely glanced off of his mighty steel armor. Despite this, such a blow forced him to redirect his energy to defend against a second opponent; as such, the Knight who had his shoulder pierced was allowed reprieve as another soldier took his place in the front line. Gautbehrt and his allies quickly found themselves on the backstep, slowly receding into the hallway, while their numbers dwindled to the exceptional display of violence.

While the Bavarians slowly made their way into the castle, the young boy Conrad was hiding in his room, scared witless from the ongoing events. His father had recently perished, and the city had fallen, his family's enemies had come to take their lives, and as a male of the family, his fate was sealed. Though his sisters might be spared and wed off to members of the von Wittelsbach family, he was a threat, and he knew with Duke Dietger's reputation he would for sure be destined to die. However, as the boy started to lose his mind to the sound of the echoing screams in the hall, he felt a hand grab ahold of him and drag him from his hiding spot.? The boy was in no condition to observe his surroundings and quickly began to struggle as he struck the person who had grabbed ahold of him, screaming for his life.

"No! I don't want to die! Please spare me!"

However, the result was not what he was expecting as he felt a dainty and feminine hand slap him across the face, which dragged him to his senses. In front of him, clasping onto his arm, was one of his maids, who went by the name of Elma. She stared at him fiercely, with a degree of determination in which he had not witnessed before. She quickly threw a set of peasant clothing to Conrad and ordered him in a stern voice.

"Get dressed in these! Do it quickly if you want to live!"

Hearing there was hope for survival, the boy quickly stripped himself and got into the clothes; despite the fact that there was a pretty woman in front of him after he was dressed in such clothing, Elma pulled a hood over his head and gave him further orders.

"Come with me!"

She quickly dragged him away by the arm as the two absconded from the Castle into a secret corridor that led into the city below. Conrad, of course, was greatly confused by the sudden changes in events and began to ask the questions on his mind.

"Where are we going?"

However, Elma merely glared at him and gave him further orders

"Don't ask questions, and stay silent."

Conrad may have been an entitled brat and a fool, but he was at least capable of understanding the situation he was in at the moment, and as such, he nodded and obeyed Elma's orders. After the duo exited the secret tunnel, they entered the city below, where they began to act like a pair of peasants stuck in the city. As they slowly navigated the chaotic scene which displayed itself in the town, they were eventually stopped at the City's gates, where they were interrogated by the men at arms who were left to guard the city's entrances and make sure that nobody of significance escaped the town.? Unlike Lothar's army, the Bavarians conducted themselves with some form of dignity. As such, they were not going around looting, raping, and burning the city to the ground, at least not yet. The guard on duty quickly halted. The duo soon noticed the team approaching the gate and bellowed his commands at them.

"Halt! Nobody is allowed to leave the city; you must return to your homes!"

Elma had already prepared an excuse beforehand and held onto forged identification papers to allow her access through the city's gates. As such, she quickly reached into her cloak and received a letter, which contained the seal of Count Siegmund of Bavaria; the letter notified that she was a spy set in place by the Bavarian Count at the request of Duke Dietger, and she had urgent business to report to her liege, it appeared to have the proper mark of Count Siegmund, and as such, the Guard accepted it as appropriate identification. He had no way of knowing that it was a counterfeit made by Berengar after his spies intercepted one of Count Siegmund's letters. They had largely replicated the Count's handwriting and seal through great effort, at least so much so that someone who was not overly familiar with such a thing would believe it. However, the guard was concerned about the young boy who was beside the woman claiming to be a spy, and as such, he quickly interrogated her about his identity.

"Who is the boy? Why is he with you?"

Elma looked over at Conrad with a glance that said "play along" before putting on a flirtatious smile and began to approach the guard in a seduction attempt.

"Who this? This is just my slow little brother; he does not know how to speak. He was sent with me as part of my cover. He is not important. However, I would greatly appreciate it if you allowed us to pass; after all, my Liege is expecting me. Since we are both in service to Duke Dietger to some extent, I am sure we will cross paths in the future, and when we do, I would owe you one..."

Elma was a relatively attractive woman in her late twenties, and as such, the man quickly bought into her charms before giving the order to his troops to let her pass.

"Open the gates; these two work for Count Siegmund; they have proper authorization!"

After the gates were fully opened, allowing the duo to pass, Elma put on a sultry facade and kissed the man on his cheek, which was on full display from his open face bascinet.

"Until we meet again..."

With that said, Elma and Conrad escaped outside of the confines of the city, and when they were far enough away, they changed directions from the main road where they entered the nearby woods. Luckily for Elma, she had long since prepared an escape route, as were her orders from Linde, and she would be meeting with another agent of Berengar's Department of Intelligence, who would be waiting outside the city gates with a wagon to carry the group off to the borders of Kufstein.? As such, Elma and Conrad quickly regrouped with the other Agent of Berengar's vast spy network, where he was sitting on a wagon which was seated for two people, the back of the wagon was filled with straw, and Elma quickly gave Conrad another demand.

"Hide in the straw, we will be safe when we get to our destination!"

However, at this moment, Conrad could no longer contain his curiosity, and of course, his concerns for his safety. As such, he ripped his hand away from the woman's grasp and began to shout at her.

"Not until I get some information! For example, Who are you people, and why are you helping me?"

Elma sighed as she witnessed the fit in which Conrad was throwing, they did not have time for this, but she knew with the way Conrad was acting, he was liable to flee in the other direction and get himself killed if she did not tell the truth, as such she quickly explained her reasoning for her actions.

"We are going to Kufstein, Count Berengar has asked us to escort you to his realm so that you may be safe."

Conrad was shocked by this news, he thought for sure he had thoroughly outraged Berengar at Adela's birthday celebration, and yet the man had gone through the trouble to escort him to safety. He was beginning to reevaluate the man who his father had praised so much in the past. Then again, his father was also wary of Berengar's rise to power and had frequently spoken about the man with caution in his voice. Conrad did not know how to act at this moment. However, another thought quickly appeared in his mind, and he could not help but ask.

"What about my siblings?"

Elma quickly shook her head as she urged Conrad to get into the back of the wagon and hide in the straw.

"We don't have time for this, quickly do what I say, the Duke could realize you are missing at every minute, and if he sends out a search for us, we will be caught. If you care about your own life, you will do as I say and get in the straw!"

Though Conrad was confused and slightly concerned about Berengar's objectives, ultimately, he was more concerned about his safety than that of his siblings and did what he was instructed, jumping into the back of the Caravan where he hid in the straw. With that, the group escaped from the city of Vienna during the cover of darkness, entirely without Duke Dietger or his army realizing that the late Duke Wilmar's youngest son was missing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179: The Fall of Vienna
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Conrad and Elma escaped into the Night, Gautbehrt was currently fighting a losing battle, as he defied Duke Dietger's army with every fiber of his being. However, the longer he defended his family's castle, the more of his men fell to the meat grinder. As such corpses had begun to stack within the halls of the castle of Vienna, their blood flowing onto its cold stone floors. With every loss, Gautbehrt and his allies found themselves closer to the precipice. The young duke desperately swung at one of Dietger's knights with his longsword in his hands, however, he immediately felt a blunt object slam into the back of his helmet, which knocked him out cold. When he finally regained consciousness, he found himself sitting in the Great Hall, gathered together and bound among his siblings. Due to the impact on his skull, he did not initially realize that Conrad was missing from the group.

Duke Dietger quickly entered the scene, and when he saw that Gautbehrt was bound and tied alongside his family, a wicked smile appeared on his face as he began to mock the man before him.

"I must say your struggle was brave, yet foolish. You should have just surrendered your home and title to me the moment your father died in battle!"

Gautbehrt glared at Dietger with disgust; his only response to the man's provocation was spitting in his general direction, which caused a great sense of outrage to dwell within the Duke of Bavaria. In response to this insult Dietger quickly snapped his fingers, and as he did so, one of his men at arms struck Gautbehrt with his steel-clad fist, knocking several of the young man's teeth loose. However, all that managed to accomplish was provoke a greater stare of enmity from Gautbehrt, who continued to defy Diterger. Thus Dietger once more tried to insult the young Duke, who had only recently inherited his father's position.

"You and your family belong to me; if you do not submit, I will exterminate the male line from your bloodline and marry your sisters off to my sons and grandsons. Your Dynasty will forever perish from this world."

Though Gautbehrt was at first resilient to Dietger's threats, when he heard that his family line would be extinguished forever, he grimaced as he began to contemplate his actions; Dietger was every bit as ruthless as the rumors had presented him. However, what came next was out of either of the two men's expectations. One of Dietger's knights approached the scene and proclaimed news that shocked not only Dietger but everyone present.

"Your Grace, Wilmar's youngest son, has escaped the confines of the Castle. We have no idea where he is at the moment."

Hearing this piece of information, Gautbehrt grinned at Dietger with a mocking expression and began to taunt the man who had conquered his home.

"Conrad must be long gone; you will never find him; even if you execute me and those of my brothers who are present, you will never be the legitimate ruler of Austria so long as my youngest brother still draws breath! Go ahead and do your worst, but one day Austria will be independent and ruled by the Habsburgs once more!"

This insult stung Dietger like a thousand wasps. As a result, the Duke of Bavaria furiously backhanded the bascinet of the Knight who had informed him of such a thing; of course, he was not wearing his gauntlets and nearly broke his hand from the impact, which put a painful expression on the man's face thus causing Gautbehrt to laugh at the man's misery—seeing Gautbehrt's mocking expression Duke Dietger finally snapped and gave his men an order.

"Drag this bastard and his brothers out to the Courtyard and behead them; as for Conrad, I want a search party sent out to find him. I fail to believe that he has escaped beyond the city's gates!"

Despite these orders, Gautbehrt showed no sign of dismay. Instead, he accepted his fate, knowing that there was still one heir left to his Dynasty. Though the boy was a spoiled brat and still quite naive, he had plenty of years to grow into a great man, and as such, Gautbehrt died with a smile on his face believing that Conrad would one day avenge him and their family. As for Dietger, he spent the remainder of the night searching every corner of the city for Conrad; however, when the dawn finally rose, he came to the realization that the boy was nowhere to be found in the city and had secretly escaped. Seeing that this was the case, Dietger flew into a fit of fury and demanded to find the culprit who had been lax on their duties and allowed such a vital pawn to escape the city unnoticed.

Eventually, the guards who Elma had tricked were brought before Dietgar bound and chained, where they were deeply confused about what they had done wrong. As such, Dietger made it abundantly clear as he asked them for the truth as to what had transpired several hours before.

"Did you allow anyone to exit the gates you were entrusted to protect?"

Not knowing the trouble he had caused, the man at arms who had given the order to open the gates quickly nodded his head and told the man of the information that he knew.

"One of Siegmund's spies requested to leave; she had a young boy in tow with her who she said was her little brother!"

Dietger immediately became suspicious of this news and inquired about it further.

"This woman, how do you know she was one of Siegmund's spies?"

The guard quickly coughed up the details of what had happened.

"She bore a letter with his seal, which informed me of her identity; in the letter, it stated that she was acting under your orders!"

Dietger was so thoroughly enraged by this news that he could feel his brain was about to explode; as such, he forced himself to calm down. After a few death breaths, he ordered his knights to take care of the men who had failed their duties.

"Behead these men and place their heads on spikes so that all may remember the price of failing to fulfill their orders. As for Siegmund, I will take care of him when I get the chance."

Dietger was already suspicious of Siegmund's loyalty, especially after his inactivity at the Tyrolean border and his constant request for reinforcements. He had already planned to punish the man for failing to fulfill his orders to advance into Tyrol, however now it would appear that the man had schemed against him. This was simply intolerable. Thus Berengar had inadvertently shifted the blame for Conrad's escape onto the man who was currently besieging his borders. Though Berengar was crafty, he never expected Dietger actually to believe the excuse he came up with himself.

With time being of the essence, Dietger quickly gave orders to several of his knights.

"Hunt down that bastard who has escaped and bring me his head. He is heading to Siegmund's territory! Go now!"

Dietger had given the orders to follow a trail that did not exist; as such several of his Knights would be sent on a wild goose chase in their attempts to track down Conrad and bring back his skull, thus allowing him and Berengar's agents to successfully exfiltrate back to Tyrol. When Dietger finally found out that Conrad had made it to the safety of the borders of Tyrol and into Berengar's clutches, he would lose his mind over the issue. However, for now, he suspected Siegmund was the culprit and was so enraged he could not even piece together who the real mastermind was.

As for Conrad and the others, their wagon had successfully joined up with a trade caravan headed towards Kufstein's direction. After all, the area had become the center of trade within Southern Germany, even during this time of widespread warfare. As such, they seamlessly blended in with the other merchants, who had no way of knowing they were harboring the target which the Duke of Bavaria and their armies were pursuing. Thus, Conrad, Elma, and the other Agent were able to enjoy the journey to Kufstein peacefully; after all, any trade which intended to enter Berengar's lands was protected sufficiently with proper caravan guards, but also with the understanding that if they were to be attacked, Berengar would bring the full might of his army on anyone who was foolish enough to do such a thing, a fear that was burned into the minds of any would-be profiteers after the war with Kitzbühel.

Thus Berengar's plans for the future were in full effect; with Conrad rescued and the remainder of the male line of the Habsburg Dynasty executed, there was nothing to block his ascension as he fought for power within Austria. All that remained was to convince Conrad to name Berengar regent and retake the Duchy with fire and fury. Both of which Berengar was fully capable of accomplishing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180: Visiting Graz I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Conrad, Elma, and the other agent slowly made their way to Kufstein and the sanctuary it provided. Berengar was on his way to Graz, where he had planned to meet with his Uncle and discuss his plans for the future. Albeit not to their fullest extent, after all, poisoning Conrad after assuming the position of Regent was not exactly something he wanted to become public knowledge.

However, Berengar also had a far more critical goal at the moment, and that was to meet with Adela; it had been many months since he was last able to see her cute little face, and he was beginning to wonder how much she had grown in this time. Thus, in all reality, the meeting with Otto was a cover so that he could spend some time with his cute little fiancee. For this meeting, he had left Linde behind in Kufstein; after all, he was pretty sure that Count Otto would disapprove of him bringing his lover and bastard son to the meeting.

As Berengar and his Caravan approached the city of Graz, they could tell that it had seen better days. Despite the fact that the city of Graz had not been besieged; the flames of war had ravaged many of the surrounding areas, which provided it with supplies, and as such, the people were struggling to feed themselves. When the city guards noticed the banners of House von Kufstein flying in the wind, they quickly went to inform their Liege that Count Berengar of Tyrol had arrived. Of course, Count Otto was already aware that Berengar would be traveling to Kufstein; Berengar had made sure to inform him of his visit, as such, he was welcomed into the city with open arms.

Before long, he and his caravan had reached the castle, where he stepped out of the Carriage and greeted Count Otto at the footsteps of his castle. The man had an amiable smile on his face as he welcomed his nephew and future son-in-law.

"Berengar, my boy, it is good to see you. How is your father doing?"

Berengar smiled as he returned his Uncle's greeting.

"Though I have not had the time to visit my parents, I have received regular reports from the staff who tends to their needs, and they seem to be adjusting quite well to life in the countryside. Naturally, they are sufficiently protected from the potential invasion which tries to break into my lands as we speak. "

Hearing this news Count Otto and his wife Wanda smiled; it was good to hear that their relatives were doing well. As for Adela, she was standing in line with her other siblings, ready to greet Berengar; however, before she could do so, Ava stepped forward with a sultry smile on her face and began to analyze Berengar's appearance from head to toe. She was deeply filled with regret that she was not engaged to her cousin when they were younger. Though he was sickly in the past, he had grown into an exceptionally handsome man and was far more fit to be her husband. The moment the woman stepped forward, she embraced Berengar as if she had seen her long-lost lover. She made sure to press her ample bosom, which was even mightier than Linde's, into his chest; this was an act of provocation to mess with Adela's head; as she did so, the young woman cupped Berengar's face into her hands and gave her greeting to Berengar.

"Dearest me, is that you, Berengar? You have grown so handsome over the years; I remember that you could not even stomach meat when you were so sickly! Surely times have changed."

Berengar did not fall for her tricks; he quickly spotted the upset appearance on Adela's face and could guess Ava was using him to torment her little sister. Berengar promptly released himself from Ava's grip and hardly paid her any attention at all. After all, Ava's breasts may be larger than Linde's, but Linde's had a better shape and firmness; he could quickly tell such a thing just from having the woman press up against him. Instead, he merely accepted her greeting with a nod before pushing her aside to visit Adela.

The act greatly infuriated Ava, she thought she could use her figure to seduce Berengar and thus cause Adela some mental anguish, yet it turned out the man had no interest in her. Was he a lolicon? Of course, she had no way of knowing that Berengar was not easily impressed by Ava's attempts after being with Linde for so long. After approaching Adela, Berengar wrapped his arms around the girl and openly declared his affection for her, which caused her face to flush in embarrassment.

"My sweet little Adela, I have missed you so much!"

When Berengar hugged the girl, he made sure to check up on her development, and as such, he noticed that her chest had grown a bit larger from the last time he had seen her, which greatly pleased him for he was not, in fact, a lolicon. Of course, he would not reveal such thoughts, nor his unscrupulous actions, and instead, he merely presented himself as someone who missed his fiancee a great deal.

After latching onto Adela for quite some time, she nearly passed out from embarrassment before she was finally able to address the man she loved. Eventually, she found her voice, but she stuttered as she tried to present her jumbled thoughts.

"m... me too!"

ultimately she ended up muttering the phrase, and Berengar decided to tease his little fiancee by letting go of her and acting as if she had not heard what he said; in the process, he created some distance to allow her to state it clearly for everyone.

"I'm sorry I did not hear you. Could you repeat that?"

Ava immediately noticed the mind games Berengar was playing with her little sister and found Berengar's character to complement her own, thus making her frown in jealousy. Adela struggled with the embarrassing situation she found herself in, and eventually, she just blurted out her thoughts.

"I said I missed you too, okay!"

Afterward, she immediately began to pout, which caused Berengar to chuckle; Adela was just too cute when she was upset. Seeing the young couple getting along so well, Count Otto was incredibly pleased; it appeared as if Berengar still treated Adela well despite his infidelities; as for the Countess, she was even happier at the sight of Berengar and Adela's little "dispute" to her it was a sign that they were meant for each other. However, she glared at Ava and her attempts to seduce Berengar; even if it was meant only as a means to provoke Adela, the young woman had gone too far. Luckily Berengar had seen through her actions and merely chose not to entertain such illicit behavior.

After saying their initial greetings, Count Otto made a suggestion.

"Berengar, you must be weary from your journey; how about we all sit down at the table and discuss your journey over a feast?"

Berengar smiled and nodded while holding Adela's hand before replying.

"Lead the way."

With that, the group of nobles entered the castle and approached the dining hall, where they sat down in their respective seats. Ava's husband Wolfgang had witnessed her overly affectionate display when she greeted Berengar. As such was not happy with her performance, yet he was too dull to realize that it was not an earnest seduction attempt, but just a means to irritate her little sister; as such, he did not say much during the initial portion of the meal. As for Berengar, he dined upon the delicacies which Adela had brought back the recipes from Kufstein. The chefs in this castle were every bit as talented as the ones in his own, and as such, he thoroughly enjoyed the meal presented to him. As for the beer, it was still the standard light beer brewed everywhere in Europe; it was not the grandiose doppelbock or Oktoberfest beers in which he had brewed in his domain. However, it was enough to satisfy his thirst.

While sitting at the table, enjoying his meal Count Otto began to discuss with Berengar about his trip from Kufstein to Steiermark; after all, to get to the Count's territory, he had to pass through Bavarian occupied territory.

"So, how was your journey? I hope it was not exceptionally dangerous..."

Berengar shook his head as he dug into the beef rouladen sitting on his plate before answering the question.

"Not exceptionally so, there was an attack on my caravan, but with the firepower I brought with me, the Bavarians were easily repelled. There's a reason I brought so many troops with me; it seems that Salzburg has completely fallen to the Bavarians, or at least to the degree that the roads and the forts between them are under Bavarian occupation, whoever the Count of that region is, has surely failed in his duties."

Berengar was aware that Ava's husband was the Count of Salzburg and was actively taking a jab at him; in his opinion, it was utterly disgraceful for the man to stay hiding in Graz while his brother was left to fend for the region in which Wolfgang was responsible for. As such Berengar was not afraid to insult the man directly to his face. As for Wolfgang, he was scowling at the remark. However, everyone else present at the table agreed with Berengar's statement, even if Wolfgang was too dull to realize it. Instead, the man lashed out at Berengar and used one of Ava's talking points that she had always used to scold Adela.

"If your army is so capable, why have you not brought stability to all of Austria. Instead, you hide in Tyrol like a coward!"

Berengar smirked as he heard such a poorly thought-out response, he was more than happy to spar with this man verbally. Wolfgang was clearly out of his league; as such, Berengar responded in a condescending tone as if he was educating a moron about the art of war.

"My troops are needed to protect my borders from constant invasion; even though I am working overtime to draft new troops, these things take time; I can't just create an army out of thin air. Do not worry, boy; I will have won this war by the year's end."

Berengar, being several years younger than Wolfgang, called him "boy," which greatly outraged the man. However, Wolfgang could not think of a retort to such a well-thought-out statement. Instead, he merely gnashed his teeth and accepted his loss. Ava was outright disgusted with her husband's stupidity for fighting with Berengar in a war of words; after all, the man was well renowned for his quick wit. As for Adela, she was chuckling while sitting next to Berengar; the whole situation was funny to her. After this brief exchange of insults, the dust had settled, and Berengar was able to enjoy a fine meal with his fiancee; he would discuss his plans with Otto at a later date. As for Wolfgang, Berengar was more interested in conversing with his little brother about the matters at hand. The man in front of him was a dullard who would only screw up any job Berengar gave him. Thus the evening went by, and Berengar was content with his first night in Graz.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181: Visiting Graz II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After dining with his in-laws, Berengar took a bath before entering the room he was provided. It was down the hall from Adela's and Ava's. However, he had no intention to visit either of them in the night. Adela was too young for his interest, and Ava, well, he did not desire her, though he was wary that the woman might pull something in his sleep; as such, he made sure to latch the doors and windows to his room thoroughly. One could never be too careful. If Berengar were in the modern era, he would probably search his room for bugs before resting, but this was the medieval world; such sophisticated technology did not exist at this time. As such, he was able to sleep the night away without concern.

By the time Dawn rose, Berengar had naturally awakened, after all his body was used to waking up at such an hour; despite this, he was left with nothing to do as he had no major work concerns while he was in Graz, and most of his exercise equipment was at home. As such, he decided to do a small workout, where he did his usual routine of pushups, situps, and squats. As for his pullups, he would not be able to do such a thing as he lacked a proper pullup bar. As such, he skipped it for the day and went on a run around the city, though he dressed as a peasant to avoid any trickery that might occur on his journey.

After his journey was over, he returned to the castle where he intended to take a bath, however the moment he opened the door to the bathroom; he noticed that there was a figure already inside the tub, her massive chest was on full display as she scrubbed herself with soap, her long blonde hair was wet, and slung over her delicate shoulders that appeared as if they were sculpted out of jade. Berengar immediately recognized the chest before him to be Ava's, and he stared at it for several seconds before coming to his senses. By the time he came back to reality, he saw that Ava's pretty face was flushed with embarrassment and her mouth agape; she looked like she was about to scream, and as such, Berengar quickly shut the door and hid behind it.

Ava immediately sunk into her tub with embarrassment after Berengar shut the door; she had utterly forgotten to scream, and she did not realize that she had forgotten to latch the door. As such, she was struggling to cope with what had just happened. Berengar, on the other hand, briskly walked away as if nothing had happened, with a smile on his face. As he was doing so, he thought to himself.

'That one is being saved to the memory banks...'

Afterward, he arrived in his room and waited until a time where he felt as if Ava would have left the tub, which was a safe thirty minutes. After waiting, he returned to the bath where he knocked on the door; when there was no sound, he entered, stripped, and began his bath. It was an exceptionally long bath as he vividly thought about the scene he had witnessed not long before; in times like this, he was glad he had a photographic memory.

After getting out of the tub, Berengar returned to his room, where Ava was waiting for him, sitting on his bed, fully clothed and embarrassed. Berengar had no desire to do anything to her, and as such, he merely sat down in the chair across the room from her. He left the door open in case she tried anything. After sitting in the chair, Ava squirmed around for a few moments before she asked the question on his mind.

"How much did you see?"

Berengar played the part of an idiot and tried to dodge the awkward situation that presented itself.

"Not much; the steam blocked my sight. I suppose that's a good thing..."

Berengar's words stung Ava's pride as a woman, the way he communicated his last sentence made it sound as if he was not the least bit interested in her. As such, she began to pout before expressing her thoughts.

"Why am I not good enough for you?"

Berengar laughed when he heard this statement and made it clear where he stood on the issue.

"You are my fiancee's sister and are already married with three kids. Sorry Cousin, but I have no interest in your body. Maybe if you were a few years younger and still pure, but that ship sailed a long time ago. This awkward situation is entirely on you for not locking the door while you were bathing."

Hearing Berengar's harsh words, Ava began to grind her teeth; Berengar had outright admitted she was used goods, and he had no interest in such a thing. Not only had he walked in on her bathing, but he also had the nerve to insult her afterward. She quickly realized that he was the worst kind of person. As such, she got up from her chair and walked towards the door before asking one more time.

"You really did not see anything?"

Berengar nodded his head with a blank expression; by now, he was a master at lying to women, and as such, Ava snubbed him before walking out the door leaving behind the words.

"Your loss..."

Berengar, of course, laughed the moment she was out of earshot; he had to admit Ava did have a great chest, but Linde's was better, size was not everything when it came to judging such a topic; as such, he released a sigh and voiced his thoughts aloud.

"I just dodged a bullet with that one..."

The last thing Berengar needed was to be entangled with another man's wife. Especially if she already had children, he may be susceptible to beautiful women, but he was not entirely brainless. As such, after calming himself down, he left his room and headed to the dining table, where he joined up with the others for breakfast.

Sitting at the breakfast table was Count Otto, his wife Wanda, Ava, her husband, and her three children, as well as the remainder of Adela's siblings. Adela was also present and saved a seat for Berengar, which Berengar was more than happy to take advantage of. After sitting next to his little fiancee, Berengar tussled her hair as he greeted her.

"How did you sleep last night?"

Seeing the charming look on Berengar's face, Adela smiled and responded to his question.

"I slept well enough."

Berengar nodded his head in approval. It was only after he had said his greetings to Adela that he noticed Ava staring at him with a sense of overwhelming fury, which did not go unnoticed by the other people seated at the table. However, they chalked it up to Ava being pissy about how he snubbed her the day before; after all, she was pretty well known for being petty.

Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, and Ava was exceptionally so, not only did Berengar catch a glimpse of her naked body, which if she was honest with herself did not bother her so much when compared to to the fact that Berengar once more treated her liked her value as a woman was worthless. As such, she was furious with Berengar; she could not understand why he would react in such a way to her curvaceous body. As such, the atmosphere at the table was quite tense as Ava continued to stare at Berengar as if she wanted to set him ablaze with her mind.

Berengar, on the other hand, was quite entertained by this, but he genuinely had no interest in Ava; as such, he spent his time at the dinner table pandering to Adela, which only further increased the wrath in Ava's heart. Berengar was talking to Adela and noticed she was wearing the colors of his house, with the jewelry he had provided to her for her birthday.

"You look good in those colors, Adela!"

Though he was complimenting her, there was also a political statement behind his intent. However, Ava merely pouted, though she had been able to get her hands on some of Berengar's fashions designs, it was never as good as what Adela was able to get her hands on. The reason for this was simple. Berengar reserved the best clothing designs, made from the finest materials for his two women; everyone else had to get their hands on clothing and accessories that were still better than anything else on the market, but not quite the quality Berengar gifted to his women. As such, Ava continued to behave like a jaded lover to Berengar, and he ignored her. Wolfgang eventually caught on to the looks which she was giving Berengar and began to chastise his wife in a low enough voice that it could not be overheard by the others present at the table.

"Quit glaring at him like that! You look as if he has stolen your innocence!"

Wolfgang knew that such a thing had never occurred, but it was still infuriating to see his wife gaze at another man with such passion, even if it was mostly fury. The only people who seemed to sense that something had happened between the two were the Count and Countess; who quickly made a mental note to find out just what had happened between Berengar and their eldest daughter. They may be willing to sell Adela to Berengar for a political alliance that benefitted them. However, they would be damned if they would allow the young Count to do to Ava what he did to Linde; of course, they had no idea that the reason Ava was so furious was that Berengar had rejected her advances. As such, the breakfast continued with a great deal of drama at the table, which Berengar would only be able to relieve himself from when it was finally finished. As for the meeting with Count Otto that would come later in the day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182: Taking Advantage of a Crisis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Berengar shared an awkward meal with his inlaws, he and Count Otto finally moved into the old Count's study, where they could communicate about the issues at hand. Count Otto was aware that Berengar was primarily here to see Adela, but officially the young Count was in Graz to discuss business; as such, the two men quickly got to the issues at hand, with Count Otto taking the lead.

"So Count Berengar, tell me what is so important that you would cross a battlefield just to speak with me in person?"

Berengar smiled at the way his uncle addressed him, in a formal setting such as this, referring to Berengar by his noble title was a way to show respect to his position; Berengar followed in a suit when he gave his reply.

"Count Otto, I am here to address the ongoing crisis in the borders of Austria, by now the Bavarians have taken Vienna, and occupy large portions of Upper Austria, Lower Austria, Salzburg, and K?rnten, the only three Counties left that are remotely intact are that of our regions, and Vorarlberg. As such, I have come to request your assistance in resisting Bavarian Tyranny."

Count Otto narrowed his eyes at Berengar, he was not yet aware that Vienna had fallen, nor the consequences it had; after all, he did not have a spy in the Duke's Court. Thus he was unaware of what had recently transpired. As such, he attempted to clarify his confusion.

"Since when did Vienna fall?"

Berengar was aware that his uncle was in the dark of the recent developments in the war for Austria. As such, he quickly informed the mighty Count of the information that he was privy to.

"The Castle of Vienna fell a few days ago. If everything has gone as planned, then my agents were able to smuggle out one of the late Duke Wilmar's heirs before the rest were executed, thus sparing the main Habsburg line from the brutality of Duke Dietger. When he arrives in Kufstein, I plan to establish a government in exile so that we may fully resist the oppression that Duke Dietger and his army of Bavarians bring forth!"

Count Otto noticed that Berengar was sure of the outcome, despite not providing any substantial evidence; thus he questioned him further.

"Do you have any evidence of these claims?"

In response to this, Bernegar merely chuckled before responding to his Uncle's interrogation, he was confident enough in his spy network that they had succeeded in their endeavors. After all, he was traveling to Graz while they were at work rescuing Conrad from the Bavarians, so he had no way to know for certain if everything went according to plan.

"Admittedly at the moment I am lacking in evidence, however, I am confident in the ability of my underlings. In the upcoming days, I am certain that my claims will become public knowledge. So until you can confirm my words for yourself, why don't we act as if they are the truth, and plan accordingly?"

Though Count Otto was uncertain about whether or not Berengar's claims were true, the sheer confidence the young man had to make plans based on the assumption that everything had gone according to his desires was enough to convince Otto that the likelihood of such an outcome was high. As such he sighed in response to this news and voice his innermost thoughts.

"So my worst fears have become realized. Tell me which of Wilmar's heirs did you rescue?"

Berengar smirked as he revealed the name of the heir that he had specifically chosen to save from the Bavarians' wrath.

"Conrad..."

Immediately Count Otto's face twisted as he heard those words; he was well aware that Conrad was by no means fit to rule the Duchy of Austria. As a wise man, he could already guess what Berengar was planning; as such, he immediately began to protest.

"You saved the youngest and least competent of Wilmar's heirs so that he can be your puppet while you possess the real power behind the throne?"

Berengar did not deny the charges. Instead, his lips curved into a sinister smile before he professed his guilt to the man who questioned him.

"I am afraid that I am, in fact, guilty of the charges you lay before me. However, let us be brutally honest with ourselves here. Do you genuinely believe that in the entire realm, there is anyone that is more fit to lead our Duchy than myself during these darkest of days?"

Count Otto had a hard time believing that Berengar would outright admit to his schemes, but it appeared as if the young Count was unafraid of the consequences in doing so; after all, he knew that his uncle would not reveal his plots, nor side against him.

The two men were related by blood. They also shared a similar goal: to reunite Austria; if Otto opposed Berengar's wishes, he would create a civil war between the Austrian nobility who remained free from Bavarian occupation.

In such an event were to occur, Otto knew that Berengar would ultimately be the victor and would likely succeed in his efforts to repel the Bavarian invaders. Either way, Berengar would install a puppet on the ducal throne of Austria and claim power for himself.? Resisting such an inevitable outcome was an act of futility.

Thus Count Otto sighed heavily before accepting the result; he recognized that by not seizing the opportunity to break the Bavarian siege of Vienna, he had played right into Berengar's hands, allowing the young man to usurp the power of the Duchy for himself.

Indeed his nephew was an ambitious and cruel man. Nevertheless, by marrying his youngest daughter off to Berengar, Otto ensured that his Dynasty would also rise alongside that of the von Kufstein's. As such, Otto had no plans to spoil his young nephew's endeavors. After agreeing with Berengar's schemes, he quickly asked the question on his mind.

"So, what is it that you need of me?"

Berengar once more grinned as he heard the result, the look in his eye was that of an evil mastermind who was pleased that his ambitions were progressing smoothly. Thus, he answered Otto's thoughts without delay.

"It is simple; I need you to endorse me openly; I fear that despite my stern warning, Conrad might still be a bit upset over the fact that I am engaged to the woman he fancies. What I need of you, the father of the said woman is to help convince Conrad that I am the best choice for the position of regent. There is little doubt in my mind that he will try to select you to fulfill that role, even if it is out of spite."

Count Otto nodded his head in agreement; Berengar's concerns were a likely outcome if left to their natural events. If that were the case he would do his best to convince the spoiled brat that Berengar was the best man for the job; however, another worry instantly appeared in Otto's mind as he thought about Berengar's schemes. Thus he voiced his concerns.

"What about the Count of Vorarlberg? Surely he would be a potential candidate for the position."

However, Berengar's reaction surprised Count Otto as the young man merely laughed at his worries before replying with an arrogant expression.

"Do not worry, the Count of Vorarlberg owes me a significant debt for sending troops to his aid; there is also the fact that so long as my armies are on his soil defending his lands, he will never oppose my wishes. The consequences of doing so would be dire, to say the least..."

Count Otto was not a foolish man; he immediately realized the threat that Berengar hid behind his words. If the Count of Vorarlberg were to vie for the position of regent, Berengar would turn his armies defending the borders of Vorarlberg to attacking its capital.

The middle-aged Count instantly realized that allowing Berengar's troops military access to his lands was a double-edged sword. On the one hand, they were powerful enough to defeat any potential invading force and could be a great ally. However, in the very next minute, they could be enemies and deal far more damage to his lands than any other army in the world.

After realizing this, Otto nodded his head in agreement and said no more; he would do as Berengar wished. After all, so long as Adela was set to marry Berengar, they would remain allies, and Berengar was a powerful ally to have.

After thinking about Adela's position, Otto immediately remembered his concerns from breakfast. He quickly began to shift the subject so that he could find out the exact nature of Berengar's relationship with Ava.

"So now that we have that settled, I have a question I would like to ask you if you do not mind?"

Berengar was caught off guard by this and raised his eyebrows in response, realizing it had nothing to do with his plans, his curiosity was peaked, and thus, he entertained Otto's questioning.

"Go ahead; I have nothing to hide."

After receiving his nephew's approval to interrogate, Otto quickly asked the question on his mind.

"What exactly happened between you and Ava, for her to be behaving so strangely this morning while we were eating breakfast?"

Berengar immediately broke out into laughter when he heard such a comment; Otto was not like his own father; he had a critical eye for social issues and quickly noticed something was amiss; however, the man was overthinking it, because of such confusion Berengar decided to clarify the issue before it turned into something serious.

"Trust me, Uncle, I am not interested in Ava; this is a misunderstanding. She forgot to lock the door to the bath, and I accidentally walked in on her; of course, I immediately retreated when I saw such a thing. However, she later came to find me in my room and attempted to seduce me, where I thoroughly rejected her. She is in a poor mood because I implied I had no interest in a used woman."

A giant scowl formed on Otto's face; if one looked closely, one could even see a vein appearing on his forehead. Though he was not Angry for the reasons Berengar thought, it was only when the man revealed the reason for his fury in the form of a question did Berengar thoroughly understand why his uncle was so upset.

"She did what?"

Berengar had anticipated the man being enraged at him for walking in on his daughter while she was bathing, but instead, he was more concerned with his eldest daughter's actions. Thus Berengar decided to add fuel to the fire to punish Ava for acting so arrogantly.

"She tried to seduce me. Honestly, I don't believe she has any interest in me personally. Instead, I think she is jealous of the relationship between Adela and myself and is simply trying to create drama. For a woman who is married and has three children, she acts like a child..."

After hearing this news, Otto sat down in the chair next to him; he needed a breather; why was it that so many of his children were trying to vex him into an early grave? After taking a few deep breaths to calm himself down, Otto quickly replied to Berengar.

"Thank you for being honest with me; I will take care of this matter so that she does not cause you or her sister any further insult."

Afterward, the man walked out of the room in a fit of fury. Berengar merely grinned at the sight while thinking to himself.

'You have brought this upon yourself Ava, if you were not such a harlot trying to seduce your sister's fiance, you would not be in such a position.'

Thus Berengar and Otto's meeting for future events had concluded; all that was left for Berengar's visit to Graz was to spend time with his darling little fiancee.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183: You are the perfect wife, did you know that?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After finishing his meeting with Count Otto, Berengar found that he now had unlimited free time; as such, he quickly searched for Adela, where he intended to spend the day playing around with her. He rarely had as much free time as he did while on this diplomatic visit; thus, he intended to make the most of it.

After crossing through the hallways looking for Adela, Berengar soon found himself face to face with Wolfgang, who did not have the most pleasant expression on his face. Instead, he stared at Berengar with an intense gaze of fury, as if his heart contained the fires of Tartarus in its depths. Berengar could tell by the look on his face that Ava had said something; as such, he met Wolfgang's furious gaze with a condescending smirk.

Wolfgang, however, noticed Berengar's expression and immediately assumed it meant his guilt as he approached Berengar and tried to latch onto his collar, however before he could do so, Berengar had grabbed ahold of the man's wrist and put him into a wristlock which forced the man onto his knees as he winced in pain.

Though Berengar was by no means a seasoned grappler, he had gone through basic combative training in the Army during his past life, and as such knew a few tricks, he could use to subdue an opponent. As Berengar applied pressure to the lock that he firmly grasped onto, he began to chastise the man for his violent attempts.

"You know Wolfgang; it is not polite to assault your superiors for no reason; you should learn your place!"

On the other hand, Wolfgang verbally struck back at Berengar, especially over his claims of superiority; if anything, in Wolfgang's eyes, he was superior because he was born into the position of Count, instead of being an upstart taking advantage of the crisis in the realm.

"Superior? Don't make me laugh! You are nothing but a lowly Baron who has risen through the ranks by profiting from the war which ravages our lands!"

Berengar's tongue was as sharp as always; if anything, the words he spoke next hurt the man who was struggling in his grasp far more from the pressure from the wrist lock.

"And yet, I am capable of defending my lands, where you hide in your wife's homeland, allowing your brother to fight your war for you. Now, why don't you tell me the reason that would cause a man in your position to attack me the moment you saw my charming face?"

Wolfgang felt no desire to explain his rage to Berengar, a man he deemed to be a lecherous, amoral tyrant. Thus he responded with vulgarity.

"Go fuck yourself!"

After hearing this stereotypical response, Berengar sighed before completing the wrist lock, where he broke the man's wrist without any mercy. Berengar had learned his lesson about showing compassion to those who sought to do him harm; as such, he was ruthless with how he decided to handle the situation.

After a loud cracking noise emanated through the cold stone hallway, followed by the wailing that sounded as if it came from a wounded pig Berengar released the man and allowed him to wallow in his tears on the tile below. Berengar gazed coldly at the current Count of Salzburg before giving the man a warning.

"I shall remember your attempt to do me harm on this day. When I finally liberate your lands from the Bavarians, I will make sure it is your brother and not you who is named Count of Salzburg. If you come at me again, you will find yourself buried six feet under, in an unmarked grave! Do not test me..."

With that brief exchange, Berengar walked away from the man who lay in the fetal position while clutching his broken wrist. Berengar thought nothing of his cruelty; after all, a man like Wolfgang was neither clever nor powerful enough to pose any harm to him. If anything, he had been lenient with his response to the man's violent actions. A broken wrist was by no means a severe injury and would heal itself in time.

While Berengar exited the scene with confidence, the Castle guards quickly responded to the sounds of Wolfgang's wailing and dragged him off to the Court Physician. Meanwhile, Berengar continued on his journey to locate Adela, and when he finally found the girl, he noticed she was wearing a white and golden gown while playing the harp.

Dressed in such extravagant attire, with a serene expression affixed on her face as she closed her eyes and strung the chord of the harp, almost made Berengar believe that she was, in fact, an angel, not a human. Nevertheless, he knew such a thing could not be the case and nearly stood by and waited for the young teenage girl to finish her rendition of the song that she was currently playing.

Adela was utterly unaware that Berengar had arrived and was leaning on a pillar listening to the sound of her music, and as such continued for a while before halting, where she released a short sigh of breath before opening her eyes and seeing her fiance gazing at her with a smile filled with admiration, and respect.

The young petite beauty with golden hair and gemstone-like sapphire eyes quickly began to flush in embarrassment as she realized her fiance had been listening to her the entire time; however, what came next shocked her. As Berengar slowly started to clap before escalating into full applause. The words that followed continued to add to her embarrassment.

"I must confess I am rather embarrassed as your fiance. To think that you had such talent in the art of music, and I was unaware for all this time. I must say I doubt even an angel in heaven could perform in such a manner!"

Adela could barely look at Berengar while in such a flustered state; her cheeks were as red as roses as she heard his praise. It had been so long since she had last seen Berengar before he arrived in Graz that she was greatly concerned about him, now seeing him with an eyepatch, she realized that he had suffered in her absence while she stayed locked up in the Castel of Graz like some form of fairy tale princess.

Thus Adela rose from her seat before slowly approaching Berengar; when she arrived before him, she reached up and wrapped her palms around his face while staring into his one good eye with a worried expression on her face.

"You have suffered dearly during my absence, haven't you?"

Berengar wanted to bluff his way through her statement, but in truth, life had become rather difficult since he lost the use of his right eye. As the young girl gazed at him with empathy and compassion, he finally lost control of his tough facade and smiled bitterly as a gloomy expression took hold of his scarred yet, handsome visage, doing so, he nodded, which confirmed to Adela her suspicions.

Thus she hugged onto Berengar tightly in an attempt to cheer him up before gazing up at him with an adorable yet inquisitive gaze.

"Can I see it?"

Berengar instantly knew what she was referring to, and as such, he quickly released her grip before placing his hands on his eyepatch and slowly lifting it off of his head. Though his right eye was closed, it eventually opened, revealing an intact but scarred eye. The ugly gash that had initially been there during the early days of the injury was replaced with a verticle scar that connected the gap between the scarred portions above and below his eye.

Adela had held her breath throughout the slow reveal, but now that she was looking at Berengar's injury, she realized it was not as hideous as she had thought it would be; as such, she released her breath before attempting to cheer Berengar up by complimenting the look.

"It is not ugly like I expected it to be; I think it gives your charming appearance the character of a battle-hardened veteran!"

Berengar chuckled bitterly in response to her words before revealing his innermost thoughts.

"It is not the appearance that bothers me; it is how difficult it has become to function normally. I still can't ride to the forefront of the battlefield like I used to. Instead, I must allow my commanders to lead my troops into battle while I sit back from afar like a coward. Tell me, Adela, how can I be a great man who inspires men to follow him into battle if I am incapable of doing such a thing?"

Adela finally understood what had been eating at her fiance this entire time; Berengar was the type of man to lead by example. At the moment, war was raging at his borders, but instead of leading the charge, he was sitting back in Kufstein eating luxurious food while drinking the best beer and wine.

Despite this, his forces had to endure the onslaught of an enemy determined to bring down his realm. To Berengar, there was nothing worse in this era, where battles were primarily fought in close proximity than hiding far from the warzone allowing your troops to fight in your stead. To him, it was the act of a coward, and as such, he had felt that he was cowardly in his actions.

After overhearing Berengar's concerns about his current position, Adela put on a bright smile as she informed Berengar of what she genuinely thought about him.

"What makes you great is not only tied to your victories on the battlefield or how you lead your men into the fray. Rather it is in large part due to the expense you have gone to ensure that your people benefit from your conquests and the wealth you gain."

Adela took a brief pause to compile her thoughts and then continued her rant about Berengar and how she and many of his supporters viewed him.

"What you have done to Kufstein, what you are doing to Tyrol, and potentially one day even all of Austria is something no other man in this era can achieve.? So you have suffered a minor setback, did you not tell me that Alexander suffered multiple mortal wounds, and yet he always recovered to lead his troops into further glory?"

Eventually, she finished her speech with words of encouragement to Berengar, ones that he would forever remember inside the depths of his heart.

"You will recover from this, and when you do, all of your enemies shall remember the bravery and fortitude that you use to rally your troops to victory!"

Having heard Adela speak of him in such an honorable light, Berengar instantly felt like the weight that had been secretly hanging from his heart had finally released its hold over him. As such, he thanked Adela by hugging her tight into his embrace and kissing her on the forehead before complimenting her.

"You are the perfect wife, did you know that??"

This response immediately caused Adela to blush as she quickly glanced around to see if anyone was watching the romantic display; after realizing that nobody else was nearby, she finally relaxed and enjoyed the moment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184: I shot myself in the foot there, didnt I?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Unfortunately, the romantic moment between Adela and Berengar did not last long. Soon after it began, Ava came rushing into the room; she was practically steaming from the fury within her heart. If looks could kill then, Berengar would be a dead man.

Seeing the deadly glare in her eyes, Berengar immediately began to smirk in the same condescending manner he had done to Wolfgang shortly before breaking his wrist. The young woman quickly ran up to Berengar and placed her finger in his chest before scolding him like a child who had gotten caught with his hand in the cookie jar.

"You! What did you do!?! Why did you break my husband's wrist!?!"

Berengar merely laughed at Ava while Adela gazed in confusion at the two; after taking his time to enjoy the moment, Berengar finally responded to Ava with a question of his own.

"What exactly did you tell your husband that would make him so enraged to the point where he deliberately searched for me so that he could assault me?"

Ava quickly realized what had transpired. She exaggerated the events from earlier in the morning to her husband, going so far as to accuse Berengar of picking the lock to her bath so that he could peep on her. Afterward, Wolfgang was thoroughly outraged by Berengar's alleged behavior and sought vengeance on behalf of his wife, which resulted in the current situation. However, before Ava could spin this event further in her favor, Berengar broke the silence and added a statement to his question.

"Next time, you should pick a better attack dog; your husband is a worthless fool."

Berengar grabbed ahold of Adela's hand and began to lead her into the corridor when Ava shouted out from a distance.

"You think you can peep on me in the bath, and there won't be consequences? I wonder what your fiancee thinks of your actions!"

Adela was quite startled by these accusations and looked at Berengar with cautious eyes; though she wanted to believe he would not do such a thing, he had cheated on her with Linde in the past. She knew that her sister was an attractive young woman and could easily catch Berengar's glimpse.

Seeing Adela staring at him in such a manner, Berengar's ire was thoroughly provoked by Ava; rather than tolerate her words, and try to explain his actions civilly, he walked up to the woman and backhanded her across the face before responding to her accusations.

"Harlot! First, you try to seduce me, then when I reject your offer, you sick your hound on me! Now you slander my reputation! Because you are my cousin, I will be lenient, but this is your final warning, come at me again, and I will make sure that you and your husband share the same unmarked grave, now get out of my sight!"

Ava was furious, not only at Berengar but also at Adela, who stared at her with a look of pity; after hearing Berengar's words, Adela was smart enough to piece together what happened; after all, she knew enough about both Berengar's and Ava's character to accurately guess what had transpired to cause all of this drama. She would not be surprised if her sister Ava had purposely left her bath unlocked so that Berengar might stumble into it.

Ava was rubbing her cheek, which was now red from the strike she had received from Berengar, she had never been treated in such a manner before, and as such, she did not know how to react. On the one hand, she wanted to skin Berengar alive. However, the more rational part of her brain told her that was simply impossible; her husband was neither clever enough nor powerful enough to harm the young Count of Tyrol.

Thus her actions revolved around fleeing the scene with tears in her eyes and complaining to her father. However, Ava was utterly unaware that her father was already mindful of her attempts to cook up drama needlessly, and as such, was already intending to give her a thorough scolding.

After Ava fled the scene, Adela began to pout at Berengar, and when he turned around to look at her, he noticed he was not entirely off the hook yet. Before he could protest his innocence, Adela caught him off guard with a question.

"Peeping on my sister while she is in the bath, huh?"

Berengar instantly felt awkward from the accusation and attempted to defend himself.

"In my defense, she left the door unlocked; I merely entered the bath after realizing it was unlocked; how was I supposed to know she was bathing inside."

On the other hand, Adela was more curious about how much he had seen and thus inquired about it.

"How much did you see...

Berengar decided the best course of action was to tell a half-truth. Obviously, he could not allow the girl to know that he found her sister attractive, but if she later found out that he lied to her about seeing her half-naked, she would surely be outraged.

"Only her bare chest... However, it was not nearly as magnificent as Linde's, and as such, I was not tempted by it!"

Adela reacted in a way that Berengar had not expected; the young girl was trembling with anger when she realized that Berengar's first instinct was to compare her sister's chest with Linde's. Not only that, but he had the nerve to brag about Linde's chest being superior. Did that not mean that when Adela herself finally grew into her full figure that she too would not be as good as Linde?

Thus Adela instantly shouted at her fiance before storming off to her quarters.

"Berengar! You big dummy!"

It took Berengar a few moments to realize his mistake before he caught onto exactly what had angered the little girl. After it finally registered in his brain, he placed his palm on his forehead and sighed heavily as he spoke to himself alone in the room which contained the harp.

"I shot myself in the foot there, didn't I?"

...

While Adela was off pouting alone in her room, Ava complained to her father about Berengar's alleged misdeeds.

"Daddy, he peeped on me in the bath, and when my husband confronted him, the scoundrel had the nerve to break his wrist! Do something about this!"

Ultimately Ava felt like she could get what she wanted by exploiting the drama she had created, and that was to break Berengar's and Adela's betrothal. After all, she was incredibly jealous that her youngest sister was engaged to Berengar, considering he was so much more accomplished than her husband. It filled her with fury to know that Adela had snagged a better man than her.

However, Otto was not an idiot, he knew his children's personalities, and Ava was among the worst he had raised, a spoiled brat of low cunning who needlessly caused drama to entertain herself. Thus he stared at her with a stoic expression as he voiced his discontent.

"Cut the crap Ava, do you honestly expect me to believe Berengar is the one at fault here? Since you have returned to this Castle with that idiot husband of yours and your three children, you have done nothing but stir up trouble with Adela. I have permitted your childish tirades long enough; for Christ's sake, you are a Countess and a mother; think of your position before you go around trying to seduce your sister's fiance!"

Ava was stunned. Berengar had gotten to her father first and had told his side of the story, which was essentially the truth of the matter. She began to pout at her father and plead with him.

"Daddy, please! "

However, the Count shook his head before reprimanding his daughter once more.

"Do you have any idea who you decided to provoke? Berengar is a vicious and cruel man to those who seek to do him harm. Do you have the slightest clue about what happened to Lambert after the boy crossed him?"

Ava quickly crossed her arms and said in an undeserved smug voice

"He initially sent the boy to the Teutonic Order, where he returned with an army and was killed in battle!"

Otto stood up from his seat and crowded his daughter in the act of intimidation before telling her the truth of the matter.

"That is the official story; however, what you probably have not heard is that after Berengar personally killed his little brother in the heat of battle, he had Lambert's skull removed and turned into a golden chalice which he uses to drink from every day!"

A look of horror spread across Ava's face as she heard the message; the German people had not engaged in such barbarism since the Dark Ages. Yet, Berengar had resurrected such a savage tradition and with his brother as the victim. Only now did the young woman begin to comprehend the monster whose tail she had stepped on.

Seeing her daughter suddenly realizing his intent, Otto continued on his efforts to frighten her out of messing with Berengar in the future.

"Tell me, Ava, if the man is willing to engage in such savage cruelty to his brother, what do you think he will do to his cousin and her idiot of a husband? That man will one day be the Duke of Austria, is riling up your little sister worth making such a monumental enemy?"

Ava was instantly reminded of Berengar's parting threat and felt a shiver down her spine, forcing her to sit down in the chair next to her as she thoroughly contemplated her actions. It was only then she realized the end of her father's sentence.

"What do you mean he will be the Duke?"

Count Otto merely shook his head and informed his daughter slightly of the ongoing political battle in Austria.

"Duke Wilmar is dead, and so are his living heirs. Vienna has fallen, Berengar has already made a ploy to claim the title of Duke after he drives the Bavarians from our lands, and make no mistake, he has the power to do so! You should apologize to Berengar and your sister before an irreconcilable grudge is formed."

Realizing the grave mistake she had made, Ava quickly became covered in a cold sweat and silently made a vow in her heart that even if she had to sell her body to Berengar to repair their relationship, she would resolve this conflict no matter what the cost.

Of course, Berengar had no plans for such a thing; now that he had two loyal women by his side, he did not need a third. He had always said two women was the perfect number for a man to have. The only way he would entertain the idea for a third was if it meant forming a critical alliance with a powerful Nation. Instead, it would take some time for him to find a way to exploit Ava and her husband's apology in a way that benefitted his interests.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185: Sweet Dreams!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the drama that unfolded during his stay at Graz, Berengar found himself in an awkward position; Adela was not speaking to him at the moment due to several complicated reasons that Berengar was too dull in social matters to properly comprehend.

As Berengar was thinking over this problem he had no way out of, he heard a knock on his door. As such, he cautiously opened the door and peered out from the crack in it. In the doorway was Adela, who was still dressed in her white and gold attire from earlier.

She had a pouting look on her face, though it no longer contained the fury of a woman scorned, and as such, Berengar relaxed his guard a little while opening the door slowly. As soon as the door opened most slightly, Adela pushed her way into the room and sat down on the bed with her arms crossed and her cheeks puffed out.? After a long and awkward silence, Berengar was the first to broach the subject; he decided to bite the bullet and apologize.

"I am sorry if I offended you; I should not have mentioned Linde's figure when defending my actions..."

Berengar stared at Adela for a few moments with a puppy dog look in his eyes before the young girl finally spoke.

"Do you honestly think I am mad about the fact that you mentioned Linde's near-perfect body?"

Berengar looked at Adela with confusion; he had no idea why she was upset if it was not because he mentioned her rival. However, those were not the words that came out of his mouth. Instead, he merely questioned her phrasing.

"Near perfect?"

This immediately caused Adela to pout again, and she quickly scolded Berengar.

"Don't push it!"

Seeing her mood quickly sour, Berengar decided it would be best to shut his trap and thus took his scolding from his future wife as a man. Adela, of course, was more than happy to do so; as such, she started her lecture by asking Berengar a simple question that he did not expect.

"Berengar, you don't have the slightest clue why I am angry, do you?"

Berengar shook his head; at this point, it was better, to be honest with his fiancee and so he acted accordingly. Seeing his reaction, Adela sighed before loosening her posture and collapsing on the bed, where she sprawled out on it before expressing her long and complex thought process.

"At first I was angry because you said you were completely untempted by Ava's body because Linde's body was better, I had time to think about why that was, and I eventually concluded that I was worried about the future; when I finally grow into my full figure, which is most likely going to turn out like the rest of the women in our family, that you would not be interested in me in the slightest, because you have Linde..."

Berengar listened to Adela's complaints closely and realized that this was a concern that he never even considered to be a possibility; however, before he could address her worries, she sat up from the bed and crossed her legs while resting her cut doll-like face on her hand where she proceeded to glare menacingly at Berengar. Immediately her tone shifted from understanding to wrathful, which caused the hair on Berengar's neck to spike up.

"Then I realized that such a thing was simply impossible. Though Linde's body is perfectly proportioned, so are many of the women in our family! Ava used to have an even better body than she has now before she had her three kids, so clearly, it was not that you found her unattractive, as I know you like a full-figured woman! When I realized that, I knew that you lied to me because you were afraid to tell me the truth, that my sister's body aroused you! I'm right, aren't I?"

A thirteen-year-old girl was lecturing Berengar about finding her elder sister attractive; Adela of course was right on the money; Berengar lied to her to defend his actions. As such, he was sitting on his knees with his head bent like a small child being lectured by his mother for starting a fire in the living room. After Berengar's silence filled the room, Adela snapped at him.

"Well, aren't I?"

Berengar quickly nodded his head in affirmation without saying a word, which Adela found to be unbefitting of the infamous Tyrant of Steel, so much so that she laughed before making fun of him.

"Why are you so afraid? It is not like I'm going to have you beheaded..."

Berengar, of course, took a few moments to collect his thoughts before he let out a defeated sigh.

"After screwing up with Linde, I feel like I have been walking on thin ice around you as if I am one more mistake away from you leaving me, and I am terrified of such a thing. So I lied about finding your sister attractive because I felt if you found out the truth, you would think I am a lecherous fool and abandon me."

After hearing Berengar tell her the truth about how he felt, which is all she ever longed for, tears began to form in Adela's eyes. She had no idea that he felt like he was walking on eggshells the entire time he was around her, and such words pulled on her heartstrings.

Adela got down from the bed and kneeled next to Berengar, which alerted him; however, in the next moment, before he could react. The teenage girl grabbed ahold of his head and stuffed it in her lap. After doing so, she looked away from Berengar, trying not to show off how embarrassed she was. Where she muttered in a low voice that was just loud enough for Berengar to hear correctly.

"Dummy! I would never leave you!"

Berengar fought to prevent a smile from appearing on his face, but it was a losing battle. As an avid fan of anime and manga in his previous life, he had always desired the fabled lap pillow, but even after living two lives, he had yet to have such a thing occur to him until now.

While Berengar rested his head in Adela's lap, she began to stroke his silky golden hair, completely undeterred by the grease that coated her fingers as she did so. The two sat like that for some time, to the point where Berengar nearly fell asleep.

Unfortunately, the endearing scene came to an end when another knock appeared on the door. The familiar voice behind the door belonged to Ava, who had come to make amends with Berengar.

"Berengar, are you in there? I have come to apologize for my actions..."

Both Berengar and Adela were scowling the moment they realized who the knock belonged to, this little vixen had caused so much trouble between the two of them in such a short time, and here she was ruining their reunion.

However, Berengar decided to get up from his relaxed position and head for the door where he opened it, much to the chagrin of Adela, who pouted where she was kneeling. After opening the door, he was scowling at Ava which immediately frightened her, especially after the conversation she had with her father.

However, Ava swallowed her pride and immediately bowed her head in reverence before apologizing.

"I am truly sorry for what I did; I hope that you can forgive my husband and me for our actions!"

Berengar merely scoffed at her reaction; she picked a horrible time to apologize, all she managed to do was torment him further by interrupting his heavenly lap pillow! At this moment, Ava noticed Adela was in his room, and she recognized that she might have been interrupting something important. Especially when she considered the way the two looked at her.

However, she was already here and had spoiled the mood, so she might as well get this over with; as such, Berengar looked at her indifferently before sighing heavily.

"Whatever, we are family, so I will let it slide just this once, but you and your husband owe me for being so benevolent!"

Hearing Berengar's command instantly sent shivers down Ava's spine as she recollected herself before nodding in agreement to Berengar.

"Sure, whatever we can do to help, we will gladly repay this favor!"

After agreeing, Berengar shooed the woman away; he no longer wanted to be around her.

"If that is all, leave us!"

Seeing that Adela was giving her a deathly glare, and Berengar was no different, Ava quickly bowed before running off into the distance. After doing so, Berengar shut the door and returned to Adela, where he had a smile on his face, before asking Adela the question on his mind.

"Now... where were we?"

Upon witnessing the grin on Berengar's face, Adela's cheeks flushed in embarrassment before she muttered.

"Just this once!"

Seeing that the girl had accepted, Berengar immediately hopped back into the lap pillow, where he quickly fell asleep. After dozing off, Adela merely stared down at his sleeping face lovingly before kissing him on the forehead.

"Sweet dreams!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186: An Important Announcement During a Lovely Dinner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several hours had passed, and Berengar awoke to the soft sensation of the silk dress that covered Adela's thighs, even she had fallen asleep during this time as he rested in her lap pillow. However, it was merely a power nap and not an actual night's rest; as such, Berengar continued to enjoy himself until the moment his fiancee awoke from her slumber.

After a few moments, Adela quietly opened her eyes, where Berengar pretended to be still asleep, realizing that it was nearing time for dinner; Adela began to pet her future husband's golden hair with a smile on her face.

"Wake up, sleepyhead! It is almost time for dinner."

Being already awake, Berengar was smiling at the loving gesture of Adela before he pretended to wake up slowly. He honestly wished he could enjoy this moment a little longer. However, all good things must come to an end. Thus Berengar rose from the lap pillow and rubbed his eyes.

"How long was I out for?"

Adela, who was also asleep, shook her head as she revealed what she knew.

"I don't know, I also fell asleep, but it must have been a few hours; look at the sun; it has already begun to set!"

Berengar and Adela immediately shifted their view towards the window, which revealed a beautiful sky filled with fluffy clouds; it appeared to be the perfect blend of orange and blue. The sight of which instantly spurred feelings of romance in every couple who stared at its brilliance together, Berengar and Adela were no exception.

However, they could not enjoy its beauty for long, shortly after, they heard a knock at the door, followed by one of the servants announcing that the time for dinner had arrived.

"Berengar, it is dinner time; Count Otto has requested your presence."

Hearing such news, Berengar got up from his position on the ground and offered a helping hand to Adela. The adolescent girl quickly latched onto it, where Berengar dragged the girl from her knees and into his arms before petting her on the head.

"I suppose it is time to eat."

Adela stuffed her head into Berengar's chest before muttering in a low voice.

"yeah..."

Afterward, Berengar opened the door, and the servant was already gone; as such, he and Adela inched towards the dining hall while holding hands. When they finally arrived, they realized that they were the last to do so, and as such, quickly sat down in their seats so that the meal no longer waited upon them.

After being brought the dishes for the night, the group said the Lord's prayer before dining into their meals. Otto was aware of the trouble that Ava had caused, but he was not yet aware that she had adequately apologized. As for Wolfgang, he glared menacingly at Berengar, and yet Berengar paid no heed to his malicious gaze.

Ava was quite worried; even though Berengar had claimed he accepted her apology, she had no idea what kind of favor he may ask of her in the future; because of her fear of the unknown, she seldom looked toward's Berengar and Adela's direction.

As for Berengar and Adela, they were smiling happily, like a loving couple on their honeymoon. They had squashed their relationship problems before they turned into something serious, and as such, were in exceptionally high spirits on this fine evening.

The Countess noticed Adela's good mood and quickly commented on it, with a charming smile on her face.

"You two seem to be unusually happy this evening. Did something happen between you two?"

Count Otto was also quite curious; as far as he was aware earlier in the day, Ava had seemed to cause a severe rift between the young couple, but now they were chatting and giggling like a couple of teenage brats who were in love for the first time in their lives.? Well, he supposed for Adela that was most certainly the case, Berengar on the other hand, not so much.

Most curious of all was the eldest son and heir of Count Otto, Gerhart, who had since Berengar's arrival gone out of his way to avoid the man. After all, he had caused quite the controversy when he tried to break Berengar and Adela's betrothal, so much so that he was no longer on speaking terms with his youngest sister.

Ultimately Adela was the one who spoke up about her current state of affection for her future husband.

"You could say Berengar and I have come to an understanding..."

The teenage girl knew how to leave things cryptic; it was a great way to infuriate Gerhart and Ava. She was not above causing some trouble of her own, which caused Count Otto to frown. He knew Adela was now striking back at her siblings. However, he did not blame her for doing so; after all, she had previously been put in a difficult position by the two of them.

Gerhart scowled when he heard this; he still did not approve of his lecherous, and cruel cousin grooming his lovely little sister. However, it was not his decision to make, and his father had already made that abundantly clear.

As for Adela's other brother, Heimerich, he was smiling at the whole affair. He greatly admired Berengar's accomplishments and supported creating a long-lasting relationship with his cousin, especially since he knew of Berengar's reforms, and was hoping that when the young man became Duke, he would allow noble houses to implement such succession laws if they so wished, which would enable him to contend for the succession of his father, with his foolish brother Gerhart. Thus Heimerich was the first to comment on Adela's statement.

"Whatever it is, I am glad to see you two getting along so well. I wish the two of you great happiness in your future!"

Gerhart and Ava snarled at this response, but Count Otto and his wife Wanda were pleased by Heimmerich's comments. The boy looked more and more like successor material; it was just a shame that he was the second son instead of the first. Heimerich was not as cruel as Lambert and would never make an attempt on his brother's life, but he would undoubtedly do his best to usurp his position in any other way.

Berengar was smiling as he dug into his meal, with a smile on his charming face. He was incredibly pleased that he could enjoy such a level of cooking, even across the Duchy. His cultural changes were beginning to affect more than just Tyrol. After washing it down with some light beer, he decided to make an announcement. As such, he gathered everyone's attention by clanging his spoon on his chalice.

After everyone gazed over at him, Berengar smiled gracefully before letting everyone know his decision.

"I have decided to announce it here, but I will be departing tomorrow morning, back to Tyrol. Though I am incredibly thankful for the hospitality you have shown me and the time that I have spent with you all. I have many important matters to attend to, and unfortunately, I can't dwell here any longer. I just wanted to thank you all for allowing me to stay here these past few days!"

When Adela heard this, she began to pout; after all, she and Berengar had just settled their differences and were starting to spend time together. However, she understood Berengar had many matters to oversee, and as such, she could not monopolize him.

As for Count Otto, he was aware of the plans Berengar had in place; in a few days, Conrad would be arriving in Kufstein, and Berengar needed to be there to greet the boy and cement his power. After Berengar made an announcement, Otto made one of his own.

"I will also be traveling with Berengar to Kufstein; there is a matter of great importance that he and I must attend to. Adela, if you would like to come with us, you may. As for who is in charge during my absence, I will pass that responsibility to Gerhart. Do not disappoint me like last time!"

The expressions around the table varied greatly. Adela was pleased, as she not only got to spend more time with Berengar, but she could finally see his baby boy with her own eyes. Despite herself not being the mother, she felt a great desire to see what his offspring would look like and to get close to him early on.

As for Gerhart, he was exceptionally thrilled that he was being given another chance; he had thoroughly screwed up his last stint as Regent, so much that his position was stripped and given to Heimerich during the remaining duration.

Heimerich on the other hand was scowling; he was confident that he would be left in command the next time his father departed for an extended period. Yet, the position was given to his elder brother once more. He supposed he would be the one tasked with leading the armies, which was fair; after all, he was far more capable in that regard than Gerhart.

Ava and her husband were glad that Berengar would be departing; his presence was a constant reminder of his Tyranny and the ever-increasing fear they felt for their actions. Ava had informed Wolfgang not to annoy further Berengar and the reasons for doing so. He may be dull, but he was also a coward and knew when to fear the mighty.

Ultimately Berengar smiled at this result; not only would he be able to spend more time with Adela, but Otto was personally visiting Kufstein to greet Conrad and form the resistance against the Bavarian occupation of Austria. Three Counts would meet in Kufstein where they would convince Conrad to declare Berengar as Regent, then he would possess all the authority of a Duke.

First, he would drive the Bavarians from Austria; then, he would implement his reforms across the entire Duchy while building a great navy! After all, with all of Austria under his command, he would finally have access to the Adriatic Sea, and by extension the Mediterranean. Once this goal was achieved Berengar could finally send expeditions to the new world! Soon enough, his life's goal of gaining potatoes would become a reality!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187: Returning to Kufstein
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The evening came and went, and Berengar ultimately returned to the room provided for him where he retired for the night. After sleeping well, he awoke early in the morning and began making preparations for the journey to Kufstein.

It was not long before he was standing outside the Castle in its courtyard, waiting for Adela and Otto to arrive. Eventually, Adela and Otto presented themselves, where they greeted Berengar. They had already said their farewells to their family, as it would be a while before they returned. Otto was the first to voice his concerns over the journey.

"Berengar, are you certain that we will be safe traveling through Salzburg and into Kufstein?"

Hearing Otto voice his worries, Berengar nearly chuckled; he had with him a sufficient amount of Cuirassiers and Mounted Infantry who he had explicitly raised to guard his caravan. He had been spending an enormous expense lately purchasing as many warhorses as possible from various parts of Europe.

While His cavalry was made up of primarily Cuirassiers and Lancers, he still made efforts to raise Mounted Infantry for rapid excursions or protecting him during his travels. Thus at present, his forces were sufficient to pierce through the County of Salzburg with little effort.

As such, Berengar informed Count Otto of his certainty.

"Do not worry, uncle, my Cuirassiers and Mounted infantry are more than enough to defeat any force that is foolish enough to attack us on our route to Kufstein. We will be perfectly safe."

Hearing Berengar's confidence on the issue greatly dissuaded his concerns, and such he nodded his head in agreement.

"I hope you are right..."

With that said, Count Otto was the first to step into the Carriage that Berengar had provided. After her father had done so, Adela approached Berengar and wrapped her arms around his neck before pecking him on the cheek.

It had been so long since she had been in Kufstein, and she was filled with anticipation, she had dreamed of revisiting, ever since she read the letters of Berengar's construction efforts. After kissing Berengar on the cheek, the teenage girl blushed before grabbing onto his hand.

"Shall we go?"

Berengar smiled and nodded before dragging his future wife into the carriage, where he then gave the order to depart. Thus the caravan of armed guards and Berengar's host were effectively on the march as they began to leave the City of Graz. At an average speed of fifteen miles per hour, it would take the caravan roughly fourteen hours to reach their destination. During this time, Adela and Berengar flirted for the most part, which made Count Otto deeply uncomfortable.

...

After a little over fourteen hours had passed, Berengar and his caravan arrived at the borders of the city of Kufstein. Their journey was uneventful, as the Bavarians occupying Salzburg had already learned their lesson from the last time they targeted Berengar's caravan and thus kept their distance in fear of once more sustaining massive casualties.

Seeing the great walls of the city of Kufstein in the distance, Adela peeked her head out the window with awe. Such marvelous structures did not exist during her last visit to the region. She had read in great detail about Berengar's infrastructure projects from his letters. Still, upon witnessing them with her own eyes, she felt as if even the legendary Theodosian walls of Constantinople could not compare.

Even Count Otto stared with amazement at the grand structures; he was specifically drawn to the grey bricks used in their construction and inquired about their composition.

"Berengar, just what exactly are these walls made out of?"

Berengar had an arrogant smile on his face as he described the materials the walls were constructed with while exuding an overwhelming aura of pride.

"Well, for starters, we take cinder blocks, which are semi-hollow bricks made out of concrete. From there, we fill the gaps with structural steel reinforcing bars or rebar for short. Then after the cinder blocks are properly reinforced, we pour more cement inside the gaps to seal them shut, and secure the rebar within. The steel-reinforced bricks are then stacked together until the proper thickness of the walls is achieved. This is just a summary of how we build such structures. In reality, it is far more complex. However, as you can see, the walls are shorter and far thicker than ordinary castle walls. This is to maintain structural integrity if my enemies were to bring cannon fire onto my city. Something that traditional walls have proven to be weak against during my campaigns."

Count Otto was trying to register everything that Berengar had said while gazing in awe at the fortifications surrounding Kufstein's city. He quickly realized anyone who decided to launch an attack on such a well-defended city was merely asking for their death.

Soon enough, the caravan entered the city gates, which opened upon seeing the banners of House von Kufstein flying above the approaching caravan. With it, Berengar and his guests entered into a city the likes they had never seen before.

While the outer areas closest to the walls were currently unoccupied, the closer they approached the center, the more they saw magnificent tenements and houses constructed in the half-timber style. There was no sign of filth in the streets as each building had its internal plumbing, which flowed to a sewage treatment plant outside of the city, then pumped into the nearby river Inn.

However, what captured Adela's sight were the massive projects that were either undergoing construction or already completed. Such as the Grand Cathedral, the Grand Palace, and the parliamentary buildings. These buildings were all made in a unique architectural style that had yet to enter this world. They were beautiful compared to the other structures of the era and easily caught Adela's interest.

It had been over half a year since she was last in Kufstein, and yet it had changed so much. It was genuinely unfathomable how quickly Berengar had built his city. Still, he relied on a large workforce and the advanced technologies of structural steel and concrete to build the city so rapidly.

Even the gorgeous half-timbered tenements and homes were built using concrete instead of more traditional materials, especially for their foundations. Of course, the concrete was covered in stucco to make it more aesthetically pleasing. Thus the buildings hardly looked any different from the more traditional buildings built in such a style across Germany.

It was only after entering the city square where Adela saw the monument dedicated to Berengar overlooking the city from the hill above it. She could not help but gasp as she saw the massive bronze statue of her fiance on horseback, fully dressed in armor and raising his sword in the air. Berengar saw the adorable expression on her face and immediately asked her the question on his mind.

"Magnificient, isn't it?"

Adela was so shocked at the level of craftsmanship that she had no words and merely nodded with her mouth agape. Seeing Adela's reaction, he was more than happy with the expense he had paid for such a thing.

On the other hand, Count Otto was deeply envious of the city Berengar had created; it appeared to be a fitting place for the Capital of an Empire, he had no words, for how much he desired Graz to be rebuilt in such a fashion. In the end, he could only sigh in defeat; Berengar's wealth and knowledge were too much for an older man like him to compete with.

After traversing through the city, they finally crossed the river and ended up in the castle courtyard where Linde and Henrietta were waiting for his arrival. Henrietta was holding Hans in her arms, which Berengar instantly realized the reason when he saw it.

As such, he stepped out of the carriage intending to inform Linde to behave herself in the presence of Adela and her father, but he was a moment too slow; before he could even get off the steps, Linde had jumped into his arms and kissed him passionately, forcing her tongue through his lips, while hanging her arms his neck. She used her natural assets to press into Berengar's chest and tried to suck the air out of his lungs.

Only when Adela and Count Otto followed Berengar out of the carriage did Linde realize she had made a mistake. The way Adela glared at her instantly sent shivers down her spine, and thus she quickly released her hold over Berengar before turning away in embarrassment.

On the other hand, Otto was observing his daughter's reaction to Berengar openly displaying his affection for another woman; Despite the fact that Adela had said she was okay with it; she had never personally witnessed her fiance be intimate with another woman. Surprisingly she handled it quite well.

It was only after Linde recovered her senses did she properly greet Berengar.

"I missed you so much, darling!

Adela's brow instantly raised as she heard the pet name that Linde used when referring to Berengar. Of course, if Linde were in private with Berengar, she would use the term "master" when addressing her lover, but she commonly referred to him as dear or darling in public. Hearing the two were so familiar, Adela began to pout.

Linde noticed this and quickly shifted her attention to Adela, who greeted her in a friendly manner.

"It has been a long time, little Adela; I look forward to your stay; we have much to talk about."

Though they had been corresponding with letters to one another, the two had not had a proper discussion on how to divide Berengar's attention face to face, and thus they would need to negotiate appropriately as such; Adela put on a smile and nodded at Linde's statement.

"We sure do..."

Berengar could tell the situation was tense and, as such tried to lighten the mood.

"We can talk about these things further when we are inside."

Before his daughter could break out into a fight with Linde over Berengar's affection, Count Otto agreed to his nephew's suggestion and hurried his daughter along. Such a conversation was better to be had behind closed doors.

"I agree, come, Adela, let us get settled into our lodgings."

Though Adela did not want to leave Berengar's company too soon, she realized Linde deserved some alone time with the man, and thus she nodded before following her father into the Castle while the servants brought in their luggage.

As for Henrietta, she followed Adela inside and began to chat with her; she still held onto the infant Hans, which Adela was more than happy to spend time with. After all, this was Berengar's son, and as such, she felt some form of connection to the boy, even if he was not her child.

Seeing that the two were alone, Linde embraced Berengar before tracing her finger around his well-toned chest.

"Now that we have some time to ourselves, what should we do?"

Berengar chuckled and petted her head before whispering in her ear

"I know a few things we can do..."

With that, the couple fled to the bedroom to get reacquainted while Adela and her father settled into the lodgings that they were provided for their duration in Kufstein. Soon enough, Berengar would be marching to war once more, and he wanted to spend as much time with his two women as possible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188: Settling In
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Berengar and Linde were properly reacquainted, they redressed themselves and left their chambers, where they proceeded to greet Adela and Otto. Otto was chatting with Liutbert, who was Berengar's chancellor and had traveled to Kufstein, the seat of power in Tyrol, to conduct Berengar's affairs while he was away.

Adela was hanging out with Henrietta and Hans, playing with the infant child in his room. Seeing Adela look so affectionately at Hans as if he were her own child brought a smile to Linde's lips. She was frightened over the possibility that Adela would hate her child and try to get rid of him. Yet, instead, she was treating the boy as a member of her own family.

Berengar watched as Linde walked over to her little boy and picked him up, and clutched the boy to her mighty bosom. Seeing his two women and his little sister get along so well pleased Berengar; it was an endearing sight to behold. Thus Berengar merely watched the show for some time.

After a while, Hans was put to bed, and Berengar brought the girls away from the room so that he could adequately sleep. Adela had a giant smile on her face as she conversed with Linde about her child.

"Hans is so cute! He has Berengar's eyes and your hair; he is so perfect!"

Linde smiled at Adela's compliment and hugged Adela tightly as if they were sisters.

"I bet when you and Berengar have your own son, he will turn out just like his father!"

Berengar did not want to ruin the moment, but seeing Adela's cheeks flushed with embarrassment from the compliment while nearly suffocating in Linde's mighty cleavage was too funny of a scene. He struggled to prevent himself from laughing at the way the two girls were behaving. Nevertheless, through superior willpower, he maintained his composure and merely smiled endearingly at them.

At this moment, Linde noticed something peculiar and grabbed ahold of Adela's chest to confirm her suspicion, which caused the girl's face to flush to a new degree as she broke away from Linde's grasp and covered her growing bust with her arms. Linde had a wicked grin on her face as she openly proclaimed her findings.

"Adela, you have grown! We should take a bath together and compare sizes!"

Feeling embarrassed by such a discovery, Adela wanted to hide in a corner; however, with Berengar watching, she refused to back down and thus surprisingly made a bold statement of her own as she proudly displayed her chest to Linde.

"You just watch; one day, I will be bigger than you!"

Linde laughed lightly at the young girls' challenge and approached her closely before whispering in her ear.

"Maybe, but that will take years, and until you grow up, Berengar is all mine!"

Adela immediately began to pout as she heard Linde's words; she knew exactly what Linde meant and was greatly envious of her. However, she was underaged, and there was nothing she could do about that; all she could do was sulk in defeat.

Berengar had seen enough and awkwardly coughed before declaring his next move.

"You all enjoy yourselves; I'm going to go find Count Otto and see what he is up to."

With that, he quickly fled before the girls could keep him; if he had to witness their rowdy actions any longer, he might very well lose his mind. Thus Berengar wandered through the Castle until he found Liutbert and Otto in the dining hall sampling the beer Berengar's breweries had produced.

Berengar quickly sat down at the head of the table and ordered one of the nearby servants.

"Fetch me my chalice and a flagon of doppelbock beer!"

The servant did not dare disobey the mighty Count of Tyrol and quickly nodded before going off to do as instructed. Liutbert and Otto could tell Berengar was flustered and were instantly interested in what had happened; ultimately, otto was the first to ask.

"So, how are the girls?"

Berengar sighed deeply before being brutally honest in his reply.

"They are about to take a bath so that they can compare sizes..."

Count Otto and Liutbert were already sufficiently intoxicated at this point and gazed at each other before returning their sights to Berengar. Liutbert was the first to speak his mind.

"Tsk... Lucky bastard!"

Count Otto, on the other hand, immediately broke out into laughter before expressing his thoughts.

"That daughter of mine, she acts all high and mighty, but in reality, she is on quite good terms with your lover, isn't she? It seems that I have nothing to worry about! Don't worry, Berengar; if she is anything like her sisters, she will grow up to have a body that is equal to that redhaired lass of yours!"

Berengar was quite shocked that Count Otto was speaking in such a way about his daughter; then again, he had never witnessed the man drunk before. Clearly, He could not handle his liquor, and for a beer, the Doppelbock that they were drinking was quite strong, with eight percent alcohol content.

Eventually, the servant arrived with Berengar's skull chalice and a flagon of his favorite wine, which Berengar unhesitantly poured into his goblet before taking a swig. This was the first time Count Otto and Viscount Liutbert witnessed what Berengar had done to Lambert's skull and were quite shocked by the results.

Though the chalice was made from the skull of another human being, it was dipped in gold and encrusted in finely cut black garnet, the shaft of the chalice that one used to grip was perfectly embedded in the bottom of the skull, as if the entire piece was carved out of one solid block of gold. They hardly believed such barbarity could be so sophisticated.

As Berengar drank from the skull chalice, he noticed the looks he was given, and Count Otto was the first to voice his thoughts aloud.

"Is that... you know?"

Berengar nodded his head silently with an indifferent expression on his face. After he did so, Liutbert was the next one to speak.

"Does your family know?"

Berengar shook his head in response before gulping down the remainder of the contents in his beer, he quickly poured more into his chalice before responding.

"As far as they're aware that little bastard is still alive and fighting the Golden Horde, I have been meaning to fabricate a letter from the Teutonic Order informing them of his glorious death. I would rather spare my family the pain of knowing that cunt came back to Kufstein in an attempt to kill us all..."

Count Otto nodded his head in approval; if he were in a similar situation, he would probably lie to his family to spare their feelings as well. After all, the revelation of Lambert's initial actions sent Sieghard into a state of acute depression, so much so that he left Berengar in charge of the realm until the old Viscount finally surrendered his position. He could only imagine the pain his brother-in-law would go through, knowing that his son returned with an army for revenge.

After thinking it through, the older Count decided to change the subject to something less grim and instead asked about the upcoming plans.

"So when will Conrad arrive?"

Berengar pondered about it for a moment before giving a rough estimate he had received.

"It could be as early as tomorrow, but it could also be at the latest in three days. It honestly depends on how many stops the trade Caravan he is hiding in makes before they arrive in Kufstein."

Count Otto nodded and looked at the dark beer that filled his goblet before nodding in approval.

"Good, I would not mind a few more days of drinking such a hearty beer; how did you come up with this?"

Berengar chuckled; he too was fond of the beer they were currently drinking, and as such, he gave the Count some optimistic news.

"I can give you the recipe for it, but it can take up to a year before such a beer is ready to drink."

Count Otto's eyes instantly shined when he heard the news, and he nearly pounced at Berengar before calming himself down and reseating himself.

"Name your price!"

Unexpectedly Berengar merely shook his head in response and gave the man the best news he had heard in weeks.

"Consider it a gift; just make sure to treat me to some of the finished product the next time I find myself in your territory!"

Count Otto gave Berengar a thumbs up with a giant smile on his face.

"Deal!"

Liutbert, on the other hand, was already in the process of brewing his own batch of the tasty beer. After all, Berengar had already begun to export his cuisine and brewery recipes across the entirety of Tyrol. As such, he did not need the recipe; he merely smiled at Otto; luckily, this man was Berengar's relative and could thus acquire some benefits such as this for free.

Thus Berengar and the other two men spent the remainder of their night drinking and talking about important matters of the realm. Meanwhile, Adela and Linde were currently in the bath, negotiating how best to divide Berengar's attention. All the while, Conrad inched closed to Kufstein, and when he finally arrived, Berengar would quickly find himself forced into the throes of war once more; after all, peace was never eternal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189: Bombard
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar and the others were settling into Kufstein after their long journey, Eckhard was busy acting as the commander of the border forces stationed at Kitzbühel; he had been overseeing the defense of the northeastern borders of Tyrol since he was first deployed to the region. Unlike the Northwest front, which had devolved into a stalemate, where the attackers refused to advance.

The commander of the Northeast Bavarian Army constantly threw men at the walls of the Star Fortress. However, no matter what they attempted to do, it ultimately met in failure. At the moment, Eckhard was inside one of the buildings constructed inside the fort that acted as an HQ for the officers who manned its garrison.

Currently, Eckhard was conversing with the officers under his command about the constant threat outside their border. A well-armored officer dressed in a three-quarter plate was the first to speak up about the current situation.

"If they keep attacking at such a pace, we will eventually run out of munitions. The next resupply from Kufstein is still a week out. Someone needs to inform Berengar that we are running out of munitions and to expedite the delivery!"

By now, thousands of bodies lie riddled with bullets, and shrapnel outside the fort, rotting in the area strictly labeled by the enemy army as the "kill zone." Anything that entered the area would be battered by musket fire and artillery barrages. It was indeed a nightmare to get past.

Eckhard nodded his head in agreement as he took a sip from his mug, which was filled with beer. If there was one thing Berengar had made sure while he was recovering from his injury and attending to matters of the state, it was that his troops were well supplied with high-quality rations. It was only after the grizzled veteran had quenched his parched throat with the delectable taste of Oktoberfest beer that he began to speak his piece.

"We will send a carrier pigeon to Kufstein to ensure that the shipment of our munitions and other supplies will be expedited. As for the situation at the border itself, how are we doing?"

Another officer, who was roughly the same age as Eckhard and had been a Knight of Kufstein for many years, quickly began his account of the ongoing efforts to defend the border.

"A patrol recently caught a unit of men at arms no greater than 250 trying to cross through the mountains and into Kufstein. They were most likely tasked with sabotage. However, they were effectively gunned down by our patrols before they could do any damage. As for the walls themselves, they are holding. The enemy cannot harm our fortress, at least not at the moment!"

Eckhard nodded in silence. Aside from running low on supplies, there was not much to worry about when it came to the defense of the Northeast border of Tyrol. However, for whatever reason, Eckhard felt a nagging suspicion in the back of his mind that the Bavarians were going to try something drastic. Thus he gave his officers an order before concluding the meeting.

"Double the nightly watch and the ongoing patrols; I do not want any Bavarians slipping past our border!"

The officers all saluted Eckhard by pounding their steel breastplates with their fists before answering in the affirmative.

"Yes, sir!"

with that, Eckhard turned his back on them and gave one final order for the night.

"Dismissed!"

Hearing their orders, the men finally departed from the fort's HQ and were set upon their tasks. As for Eckhard, he stared at the map in front of him and pondered about the actions that the Bavarians might take. The number of men they threw at his wall was unbelievable; despite setback after setback, they still attacked at regular intervals. They were doing this in an attempt to lower his guard, but he did not know what for.

Ultimately Eckhard sighed before he decided to give up on predicting the enemy's plan; he would never be able to guess what devious plot the Bavarians were up to; he would do best to adapt when such a scheme reared its ugly head. As such, he left the HQ and entered his quarters, where he climbed into his cot and slept peacefully for the night.

...

Hours had passed, and it was roughly midnight; the new moon in the sky provided excellent cover for the Bavarian's latest plot to break through the mighty star fortress. Since they could not pierce through its defenses during the day, they had been wasting men's lives over the past few weeks at regular intervals to lower the guard of their opponent.

Now the time had come for them to unleash the plot that they had long since planned for. Under the cover of darkness, Bavarian soldiers slowly moved the horses into position, keeping the creatures calm to the best of their ability.

The carts the horses dragged behind them carried large, iron tubes, which resembled primitive cannons. However, unlike the 12 and 24 lb artillery that Berengar's forces used, these massive cannons fired large stone balls that were bigger than most men's torsos.

Slowly but surely, the devices known as Bombards made their way into firing position where they were set up, entirely shrouded by the lack of illumination which this particular night provided. During the loading process, one of the large stone balls fell from the cannon's mouth and crashed on the ground, creating a loud thud.

One of the soldiers instantly scolded the man who had screwed up the loading procedure in a hushed tone.

"Fool! You are going to alert the Tyroleans!"

However, after several seconds, it became apparent that the guards on the walls nearby did not notice the commotion. As such, the men sighed before restarting the loading procedure. In total, there were three of these monumental devices. It was all that Duke Dietger could afford; he had not even brought such masterpieces to Vienna. Yet here at the Borders of Tyrol against a small star fortress, the Bavarians were forced to unleash their mightiest weapon.

Eventually, the Cannons were lit, and after several seconds a loud thunderous noise echoed in the air before the massive stone cannonballs found their way into the fortress walls. The Bavarian army began to cheer outside the walls as they believed such a small bombardment was fully capable of dealing significant damage to the Tyrolean walls.

However, when the dust settled, all that such a thing managed to accomplish was alert the Tyrolean defenders, who rapidly climbed to their positions where they began to load their 24 lb siege cannons and aim them at the bombards. When the Bavarian commander gazed at the wall sections only to realize that they were still mostly intact his jaw dropped.

The man had no way of knowing that the low and thick walls of a star fortress were explicitly designed to mitigate the destructive power of cannons. Since these walls were made of steel-reinforced concrete bricks, they were far more resilient than anything outside Tyrol.

Eckhard quickly rushed out of bed and entered the scene, where he saw his men rapidly loading the 24 lb guns mounted on the walls. When he arrived, they quickly stopped what they were doing and saluted the man before waiting for the Field Marshal to speak.

Eckhard quickly assessed the damage before a wicked grin formed on his face.

"Show these fools what real artillery bombardment looks like!"

The Tyrolean defenders quickly responded with a salute and the battle cry they were so well known for.

"God with us!"

Afterward, the 24 lb cannons that were mounted in the direction of the bombards were fired, and a dozen of 24 lb explosive shells landed upon the bombards, destroying the devices and shredding the fools who had marched right into the kill zone.

However, the battle did not end there, as the cannons were rapidly reloaded and fired once more, this time aimed at the siege camp the Bavarians had foolishly erected within firing range of the mighty artillery that Berengar's forces possessed.

Until now, they had been fighting a war of attrition, but Eckhard was fully aware of Berengar's ongoing plans and had decided to wipe out the army who approached the Northeastern border on this night. He was thoroughly outraged that the fools would bring cannons against him. As such, he wanted to teach the Bavarians a valuable lesson about who the true master of artillery was!

Thus the Tyrolean defenders retaliated and began to bombard the Enemy encampment throughout the entirety of the night. Blood-curdling screams filled the air, alongside the sounds of explosions detonating upon the enemy position. As the enemy commander gazed upon the destruction of his encampment, he quickly saw a projectile heading straight for him and cursed under his breath.

"God damn it..."

with that, the shell landed on top of him, and the explosive blast engulfed his figure, rendering him into nothing more than mincemeat. The thunderous echoes of a dozen cannons would continue to fire off throughout the night, long after the Bavarian Army had been utterly destroyed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190: Dreadfully Hungover
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

During the night that Eckhard had obliterated the Bavarian army tasked with assaulting the Northeast border, Berengar had gotten quite intoxicated conversing with Duke Otto and Liutbert, so much so that Adela was currently scowling at her father, blaming him for Berengar's current state.

"Father, why are you such a poor influence on Berengar! He should not be drinking so much!"

Berengar was entertained by the fact that he was not scolded for his actions, but his future wife had laid the blame entirely on her father. It just showed that Count Otto must have had a habit of overdrinking.

As for Liutbert, he was also being given the scornful look of a displeased young woman by his younger sister. She knew that Berengar was expecting an important guest to arrive, possibly within the next day. Thus, she was displeased by Berengar's actions; however, she held her brother responsible considering he too had drinking problems.

Berengar was usually a responsible drinker; he liked the taste of beer and had a high tolerance to alcohol. Thus he was rarely exceptionally drunk, nor was he often hungover. However, the three men were in terrible condition at the moment.

While Linde and Adela had an important conversation in the bath, these men had been drinking, and they had consumed no small amount from the way it appeared. Ultimately Linde voiced her concerns as well.

"Liutbert, as Chancellor, you should know better than to drink to such excess, especially taking into consideration that you roped Berengar into your mess!"

Berengar was enjoying the sight of the two men getting scolded; however, as Count, he had to protect the reputation of his subordinates. Thus he began to speak. However, the moment he did so, his words started to slur, despite himself not recognizing such a thing.

"Lin..dela... I'm erm... fine! I'm fine! I can still... drink!"

Seeing that Berengar could no longer complete a proper sentence, Linde simply walked over to him and grabbed ahold of his shoulder, helping him up from his chair.

"Darling, it is time to get some rest. There is an important guest who might be arriving tomorrow, and you need to be in proper shape!"

Though Berengar wanted to deny that he was drunk, the moment he stepped up, he began to wobble, and eventually, his legs gave out from under him, causing him to fall over onto Linde, dragging her onto the floor with him.

The way that Berengar had landed was with his face pressed into Linde's substantial bust, which caused quite the scene. The two other drunk men began to cheer for Berengar, with Count Otto being the first to compliment him.

"That's my boy!"

The moment Adela heard her father say such an outrageous thing, she lashed out at him verbally.

"Father! Don't encourage such uncouth behavior!"

As for Liutbert, he began pouring another drink as he cheered for Berengar

"Show my sister who is boss!"

Hearing such words, Linde instantly became furious at her brother and gave him a chilling stare which immediately silenced the man. As for Berengar, he was in no condition to get up and merely nuzzled his head further into Linde's mighty cleavage. He was completely unaware of what he said next.

"So soft..."

Linde quickly realized that Berengar was attempting to use her breasts as a pillow and immediately began to blush in embarrassment.

"Darling, not in public..."

Seeing that Linde was starting to become excited from the humiliating display, Adela instantly became sickened by the inappropriate scene in front of her. She quickly stormed over to Berengar's side, where she proceeded to help him up and off of Linde.

It was only after both women supported Berengar that he was dragged off and into his quarters. After reaching his room, the two girls helped him onto the bed, where Linde wiped the sweat from her brow; she was not used to such heavy lifting.

"Thanks, Adela; I will take it from here!"

Realizing what the young woman was talking about, Adela instantly began to blush and nodded her head. Though she was curious, she knew it was inappropriate for her to stay any further, and thus she quickly fled the scene.

It was only after Adela shut the doors behind her that Linde began to lick her lips in excitement. She quickly stripped him of his clothes and then her own before climbing into bed with her lover, where she dragged his face over to her bare chest before stroking his hair lightly.

Berengar, who was barely conscious, instantly noticed the softness and once more used Linde's chest as a pillow; now that they were alone, Linde did not care how Berengar used her body; as such, she clutched her lover to her breast as if she was feeding her child and quickly fell asleep alongside him.

...

Hours passed, and the light of dawn rose in the sky, yet Berengar was still sleeping; it was unusual for him to slumber for such an extended period. However, after drinking to the excessive degree that he had done the night before, he managed to sleep in until noon.

When he finally opened his eyes, he saw that he was being held tightly to Linde's chest, who was asleep next to him; unlike Berengar, Linde could sleep in as long as she desired, even while sober. Since she had no inclination to end this harmonious scene so early, she continued to rest alongside her lover.

The beautiful young woman opened her eyes and taunted Berengar after he had finally forced himself out of her cleavage.

"You sure had fun last night!"

Berengar had no recollection of the night before. Instead, his head was pounding as if it was repeatedly slammed with a four-pound sledge. Thus he struggled to regain his clarity as he listened to Linde's provocation. After concluding the events that transpired the previous night, he ultimately decided to ask the woman.

"Ugh, what the hell did I do last night?"

Linde merely crossed her arms and sneered at him with pity

"You drank a lot, and then you continued to drink until finally, you could no longer stand. Adela and I had to drag you back to our room. If I had known that by leaving you alone with my idiot brother, and Adela's alcoholic father that you would drink to the point of passing out, I wouldn't have spent so long in the bath with Adela..."

Berengar's memories were starting to return to him, to the point where he remembered several embarrassing scenes from the night before. Eventually, he got out of his bed and put on his luxurious clothes, where Linde followed suit, the entire time, she had a mocking expression on her face. She could tell by the way he was behaving that he was in severe pain at the moment, and she felt it was well deserved for acting like an idiot.

Eventually, Linde had to help Berengar get dressed because despite resting for a solid twelve hours, he still felt dizzy from the amount he had drunk the night prior. After some time, the couple made their way to the dining hall, where Count Otto and Liutbert were sitting with equally miserable expressions. Luckily they too were severely lacking in their mental faculties and could hardly remember how foolish they had acted the night before.

Berengar sat down at the table and immediately made a request to the staff who attended to his needs.

"Bring me a pitcher of milk!"

The servant looked at him with an odd expression before confirming

"A whole pitcher? Are you sure you would not like to start with a chalice?"

Berengar held his head in the palm of both of his hands as he lightly raked his fingers across his eye and eyepatch before confirming his request.

"Yes, a whole pitcher, you can forget the damn chalice!"

The servant was shocked at how Berengar snapped at her. Usually, he was so friendly. He must have had quite the night last night. Berengar seldom got drunk to the point of being hungover, but he turned exceptionally impatient and nasty when such a thing occurred. Thus the servant quickly went to the kitchen to fetch a milk pitcher before returning and handing it to Berengar, where she proceeded to inquire about her next task.

"Does your excellency require anything further?"

Berengar did not even need to think about it and quickly gave his response.

"Toast, over-easy eggs, and a side of bacon. Make it quick!"

The servant quickly nodded before running off to the kitchen to inform them of Berengar's request. Berengar's hangover cure usually consisted of coffee with milk in it, toast, and eggs, and some form of meat. However, at the moment, he did not have access to coffee; it would be some time before such a thing naturally made its way into Europe. At the moment, he greatly desired to sail an expedition around the Cape of Good Hope and into the Horn of Africa, where he could colonize Ethiopia so he could seize their massive coffee forests for himself.

As for the rest of the people present at the table, they were either as miserable as he was, or they were gloating at the foolishness of men. Regardless, Berengar had important matters to attend to on this day, and he desperately needed to shape up before Conrad's potential arrival.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191: Conrads Arrival
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The trade caravan that Elma, Conrad, and the other agent were hiding within finally pulled up to the city walls of Kufstein. Conrad gazed out from the back of the wagon and onto the magnificent city walls. Though they were not as tall as conventional castle walls, they were far thicker and designed in a way that he had never seen before.

Despite the glory of Kufstein's mighty city walls, Conrad was by no means an architect or even knowledgeable in tactics. Thus the boy did not have an overwhelming sense of inspiration for their brilliant design. Instead, he looked mockingly at the short walls, believing they would be easy to scale over with ladders.

Of course, this was not the case, as the wide moat surrounding the walls, making it nearly impossible to do so while exposing any would-be attackers to fire from every angle. Despite this reality, Conrad was blissfully unaware of such a thing, and as such, looked at Berengar's mighty city walls with contempt.

However, one of the merchants traveling with the caravan quickly exclaimed upon seeing the walls

"Boy, you should do well to remember that these walls are mightier than they appear. In all of my life, I have never seen nor heard of such a large army repelled so quickly by the defenders."

he had been present in Kufstein during Theodoric's invasion. The sight of what remained of the man's army would never leave his memories, and as such, he had decided to voice his thoughts on the matter after noticing the expression on Conrad's face.

Conrad was unaware of what had happened during the war for Tyrol, and as such, was utterly ignorant of the fate of the late Viscount Theodoric. Instead, he merely thought the ordinary merchant was exaggerating. Thus he dismissed the man's claims completely.

After arriving at the gates, the city's garrison inspected every caravan to see if they carried dangerous materials or enemy agents. After getting to the wagon, which contained Conrad, Elma handed a document to the City Guards, where they immediately waved them through. Much to the surprise of the rest of the caravan, who was stuck in the process of being vetted.

Conrad was not surprised as he knew that Elma worked for Berengar and must have had some means to enter the city directly. However, when he finally entered the city walls and got to the habited region, the boy became astonished by what he saw.

The sprawling tenements, the large chateaus, the construction of the grand projects, all of these things were a sight which Conrad had not expected upon entering the city, which was not much more than a typical town but a year ago.

After taking in the sights, Conrad was eventually led to the Castle where Bernegar currently resided. As he stepped off the wagon, he was immediately greeted by Berengar, Count Otto, and Count Audegar of Vorarlberg, who had arrived in Kufstein not long before Conrad himself.? These three men were the leaders of the few counties which remained completely unoccupied by the Bavarians.

Upon stepping off the wagon, Berengar instantly greeted Conrad with a degree of respect that the boy had previously not been afforded.

"Your Grace, I apologize for the accommodations you suffered through as you traveled to my lands, but I hope you can understand the need for secrecy."

Considering Conrad was the last remaining heir of the late Duke Wilmar, Berengar had to at the very least put on a facade of respect, especially if he wanted to win Conrad over to his side, and appoint him the Regent.

Though Conrad was upset due to the conditions he had found himself in the last few days, he was just thankful to be alive. Thus he dusted himself off before approaching Berengar and the other Counts while making demands.

"I need to bathe and bring me a change of clothes while you are at it, something befitting a man of my position! We will talk after I have made myself presentable."

Berengar smiled and nodded before allowing the boy access to his Castle. He struggled to contain his laughter when the twelve-year-old child proclaimed himself a man. Luckily Berengar had a solid poker face and merely acquiesced to the boy's demands.

"Of course, your grace, you will find my accommodations most fitting."

Thus Conrad was led to the bath where he cleaned himself from the filth accumulated on his body over the last few days before changing into a luxurious set of attire fit for a Duke that Berengar had long since prepared for Conrad from his textile factories. After doing so, they met up in the Dining room, where Berengar brought out his finest cuisine to treat the boy.

Linde, Adela, and Henrietta were not present for the meeting at the dining table; aside from the three counts, only Liutbert was present as Chancellor of Tyrol. As the group dined on their lunch, Otto began to voice his concerns to Conrad.

"Your Grace, I assume you are aware that the Bavarians have captured Vienna, your brothers have all been executed, and your sisters have been taken away by Dietger to be married off to his sons. You are the last remaining heir of your father. This means you are now officially the Duke of Austria and potentially the last remaining heir to the Kingdom of Germany, considering your late mother was the King's only daughter."

Conrad was too busy stuffing his face with the delicious meal presented to him as if he had not eaten in days, which was far from the case. However, all he managed to eat was bread and beer during his travels, and as such, he was glad to have some meat in front of him finally. Even though the boy had not answered Count Otto, the man did not hesitate to continue his train of thought.

"Considering you are still underage, you will require a Regent to act on your behalf, and I recommend Count Berengar for the position. He has proven to be an exceptional battlefield commander and efficient statesman. With him aiding you with your responsibilities, we will be sure to recover the land stolen from us by those dastardly Bavarians!"

Hearing this, Conrad immediately looked up from his plate and stared at the lords in front of him for a few moments before a devious plot formed in his head. Now that he was Duke, he could make any demands he wanted. Thus he quickly set forth his conditions.

"You are saying I am Duke now, is that correct?"

Count Otto nodded his head silently in agreement. Thus a wicked grin curved upon Conrad's lips as he stated his demands.

"Good! If that is the case, you will break Adela's betrothal to Berengar and engage her to me! It would be best for a woman like Adela to marry someone of my prestige instead of a lowly Count like Berengar!"

Hearing this ludicrous ultimatum, Otto clenched his fists and teeth in rage, noticing how he was appearing Berengar patted the man on his shoulder in comfort; however, what followed surprised everyone present for the meeting, rather than being visibly outraged, Berengar put a pleasant smile on his face and began to negotiate with the small boy, despite being the true power within the room.

"Conrad, It is best to give up on your obsession with my fiancee and find someone more suited for your position. You are now the Duke of Austria, and if you decide to press your claim, potentially one day you could be the King of Germany, you should marry a princess, not a lowly countess as you have previously referred to the status that Adela has."

Conrad was shocked when he heard this; it is true that he greatly desired Adela to be his bride, but what Berengar said had resonated with him, he was now a Duke and potentially one day could be a King; he really should marry a princess of another Kingdom, and allow Adela and Berengar to remain in their lowly position.

Besides, even if Berengar did become his Regent, one day he would be old enough to need one no longer, and at that moment, he could use his authority to force Berengar to give his wife to him for entertainment. Or so Conrad thought, in reality, Berengar had plans to get rid of the boy before that day could ever become a reality.? However, Conrad did not know this, and with these thoughts in his head, he instantly agreed to Berengar's suggestion.

"Very well, I will do as you suggest; you can forget about my earlier request. As for my Regent, I suppose Berengar has shown that he can fulfill such a position. Thus I will consider it as an option for the time being. I will announce who I have decided to be my Regent after getting accustomed to the current situation that has occurred in my lands."

While Conrad presented such an amicable tone, in his mind, he was secretly thinking to himself.

'Even if I am compelled to make you my Regent, one day your fiancee will be mine! You just wait, Berengar; I will show you who is truly worthy of being with such a woman.'

Berengar could easily guess what the foolish boy was thinking, and while Conrad was scheming in his head to steal Adela from him, Berengar was thinking in his mind.

'Fat chance, kiddo, you will be dead before you even turn sixteen. Enjoy your few years left as my puppet...'

As such, the two noblemen plotted against one another, all while smiling as if they were the greatest of friends and allies. The sight of which sent chills down the spines of the other three noblemen who were present, who could easily guess what both Berengar and Conrad were thinking behind their friendly facades.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192: Conrads Ambitions
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With Conrad in Kufstein, Berengar felt assured that his rise to power was secure. Thus he spent the remainder of his day visiting Ludwig's office. The man was currently busy overseeing production, it had been a while since Berengar last popped by to say hello, and there was a particular reason for him to do so this time.

Berengar had devised a much smaller, flintlock revolver based on the old pepperbox revolvers; the previous pattern was too large to be kept well hidden by his agents across enemy lands, and he had wanted to fix that issue. Thus he stopped by Ludwig's office unannounced.

Berengar quickly knocked on the door, and a few seconds passed before Ludwig opened it. Seeing his old friend for the first time in a long time, a broad smile appeared on Ludwig's face before he immediately realized that Berengar had a set of blueprints in his hands.

"Oh, of course... Your excellency is here to give me more work! You couldn't bother to stop by for a drink every once in a while like the old days, huh?"

Berengar chuckled at Ludwig's response before forcing his way into the room and laying out his blueprints for the old craftsman to witness; as he did so, he responded to the older man's jest.

"I am afraid with two women and a County to run; I do not have much time to visit you; I'm sorry, my old friend!"

Ludwig immediately thought about Berengar's current lifestyle and understood his pain. Thus he pulled out a pair of mugs sitting in the corner of the room before filling them with beer; he handed one to Berengar while taking a sip of the malty liquid himself before getting down to business.

"What is it you have brought me this time?"

Berengar pointed at the design before him and said with a prideful smile on his face.

"I call it the pepperbox revolver, the old revolving flintlocks which my agents use are much too large to be properly concealed. Thus I thought of these weapons for use. Granted, their range is inferior to the other models, but as a personal defense weapon, they are more than enough firepower!"

Ludwig took a glance at the blueprints before nodding in approval

"As always, you do not disappoint with your designs."

The two men took a few gulps from their beers before discussing more matters of business. Berengar was the first to ask about his production capabilities.

"So, how is production going?"

Ludwig looked at Berengar as if he were an idiot; that question was broad to say the least and had many answers he could potentially say. As such, he asked for clarification.

"Your excellency, which production line are you talking about in particular?"

Berengar smiled before finishing off the beer in his mug; he only began to answer after Ludwig had refilled it.

"The Byzantine armor."

Hearing what Berengar was asking about, Ludwig scratched his beard slightly before answering to his best ability.

"It is going as planned, luckily the new industrial district in Innsbruck is operating at full capacity, so they have been able to alleviate the pressure on our shoulders. As per usual, the Byzantine armor will be readily available when the time for shipment has arrived. Why are you planning a visit to the Empire?"

After hearing Ludwig's question, Berengar was shocked; he indeed planned to visit the Empire, but only after he had won his war and made himself Duke, he was still a long way away from achieving such things. Thus merely shook his head as he responded to Ludwig's inquiry.

"Not at the moment, if I am to travel to the Empire, I need more prestige, or else they will try to walk all over me. One day though, I would like to see the city of Constantinople for myself."

Ludwig nodded his head in agreement; he too longed to city the legendary city for himself. However, he did not have the gall to ask Berengar to take him along for the journey when he finally went. Thus he merely toasted Berengar with his mug.

"To your future success, may those imperial bastards bow before your prestige!"

Hearing such a bold toast, Berengar merely chuckled before drinking the remainder of the contents in his mug. Afterward, he began to ask Ludwig about various questions; the two men talked for some time before Berengar bade farewell and returned to the Castle.

After entering the Castle, he was immediately notified by one of his servants that Conrad had called for a meeting in his study, and thus Berengar quickly strode towards it. When he opened the door, he saw the little brat sitting in his chair, surrounded by the other Counts, who gazed at him with worried expressions on their faces.

Berengar's face twitched when he saw the boy in his chair, this was Berengar's personal study, and the brat treated it as if it had belonged to him. However, for now, Berengar had to suppress his ire and put on a respectful facade. As such, he bowed gracefully before greeting Conrad.

"Your Grace, I came as soon as I heard. What is so important that you must call a meeting at such an hour?"

Conrad had a smirk on his face as he began to interrogate Berengar about his plans for reconquest.

"Count Berengar, exactly how long will it take you to raise an army to recapture my lands?"

Berengar could tell this little brat was trying to push him into the war ahead of schedule. Clearly, The boy was impatient and did not want to sit around in Kufstein for long. However, Berengar had no plans to march until his armies were powerful enough to sweep through the Bavarian forces, and as such, he merely smiled before giving the number he had in mind.

"Three more months and a sufficient number of men should be finished with their training. By then, we can march on Salzburg, where we will liberate it from the Bavarians. The plan from there is to seize the County of K?rnten before marching on Upper and Lower Austria."

A frown immediately appeared on Conrad's face as he heard these words; he did not desire to stay in Kufstein for three whole months doing nothing but waiting for troops to be raised. As such, he asked the question on his mind.

"How many men do you have available at the moment?"

Berengar struggled to maintain his respectful facade as he answered the boy's inquiry.

"Aside from the men necessary to maintain the garrisons in Tyrol, I can field at most 20,000 men at the moment."

Before Berengar could protest what he knew that Conrad was thinking, the boy interrupted him by asking Count Otto the same question.

"How many men do you have available at the moment Count Otto?"

Count Otto frowned while being asked such a question. However, he eventually answered.

"Roughly half that amount"

Berengar not only had one of the largest counties in all of Austria, primarily after he conquered Trent and incorporated it into his lands but also due to his growing mechanized agriculture, he could field significantly more troops than others of the same level of status. As for the Count of Vorarlberg had the lowest number of troops, as his County was much smaller than the regions held by the other two men. Conrad quickly asked the same question to which he responded.

"I can spare at most 5,000 men."

Conrad then looked at Berengar with an impatient expression on his face as he began to question Berengar's determination.

"You are telling me, a seasoned and heralded commander like yourself will be incapable of taking Austria with 35,000 men? Maybe I need to name a more experienced battlefield commander, like Count Otto as my Regent after all."

Hearing this, Berengar began to frown; this boy was starting to push his limits. Nevertheless, he kept his wits about him and thoroughly lectured the boy who would be Duke about the reality of warfare.

"Your Grace, it is a possibility to win with such a small amount of troops. However, the Bavarians will be back with a vengeance, and we will have suffered substantial losses. In my honest opinion, we should wait three months for my next division to be properly trained and outfitted before we begin our campaign. With 45,000 - 50,000 men in total, we will stand a much better chance of winning this war with minimal casualties. I urge you to be patient; wars are not won overnight!"

The other counts quickly nodded in agreement to Berengar's terms and attempted to convince the boy to listen to reason; Otto was the first to speak on Berengar's behalf.

"Your Grace, listen to Berengar's council; he knows what he is talking about."

After hearing Berengar's reasoning and Otto's support, Conrad knew he was not going to get his wish, and as such, exhaled deeply in disappointment before accepting the terms.

"Three months! Not a moment longer! As soon as your troops are ready, I want them deployed!"

Berengar smiled and nodded as he finally convinced Conrad to go with his plan. Conrad's following words brought an even greater smile to the young Count's lips.

"With this understanding, I hereby name you Berengar, Count of Tyrol as my Regent, until the day I come of age!"

With this, Berengar had finally gotten what he wished for, and Conrad had unwittingly sealed his fate. It would not be long before Berengar and his armies marched to war, and when they did, the Bavarians would learn first hand the might of steel and shot!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193: You Will Be Home Before the Leaves Fall From the Trees
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Three months passed as quickly as they came, and Berengar was ready to march to war. During this time, Adela returned to Steiermark with her father, where Otto defended his borders. Albeit the two Counts came to an agreement and Berengar began to support Otto with food aid at a discounted price. After all, Otto's people were suffering from the constant raids on their lands, and Berengar could alleviate that suffering for a fee.

It had been over a year since Berengar was first reincarnated into this world, and he had already accomplished a great deal during this time. As for what Berengar was currently occupied with, at the moment, he was once more outfitted for war, standing Before Linde, who was holding onto their infant child, the baby boy was growing by the day. Henrietta was also gathered to send her brother off to war.

During this time, Berengar had become accustomed to losing his vision in his dominant eye and was now ready to fight once more, albeit he would no longer be the commander once he was brazenly fighting on the front lines. However, at least he would still be on the battlefield commanding his troops.

Linde had a worried expression on her face, the last time Berengar had left for war; he had lost an eye and nearly his life; now he was going to face such danger again. It greatly pained her to see her lover risk his life on the battlefield. As such, she kissed Berengar passionately before muttering under her breath.

"I will pray for you!"

Berengar chuckled at this remark. Linde was never an exceptionally religious woman, but for him, she was willing to pray to God for his safe return; he found this to be cute. As for Henrietta, she hugged her big brother before making him promise her a solemn vow.

"Come back in one piece this time!"

Berengar laughed at the girl's sheepish expression before he tussled her silky golden hair; after doing so, he agreed to her conditions.

"I promise, I will be back safe and sound!"

After saying such a thing, he departed from his home. It had been too long since he had smelled the gunpowder in the air, and now he was eager to face the enemy who had dared to intrude upon his lands.

As for Conrad, he had stayed behind in Kufstein, ever under the watchful eye of Linde and Berengar's house guard. With Berengar's departure, Conrad would be guarded closely to make sure he didn't try anything malicious.

Berengar mounted his new steed, the brave beast was opposite in appearance of his old horse Erwin, as its coat and mane were entirely white. Though this mighty destrier had been purchased at a great sum, Berengar still profoundly lamented the loss of his old Warhorse and vowed never again to make such a costly mistake.

After mounting the bold white stallion, which was clad in its own set of Blackend steel plate barding, with magnificent brass trimming, Berengar rode off out of the Castle and regrouped with his army in the streets.

This was the last of his forces to rendezvous with Eckhard and the rest of his army in Kitzbühel. Once the army was on the march, it would split into two, with the more significant portion of the military staying with Berengar as he marched on Salzburg.

As for the smaller portion, they would regroup with Count Otto's forces in Steiermark before marching on K?rnten. Berengar sat at the head of the army, with his burgonet over his head, marching amid summer; he began to hum along to the marching song that the military behind him was singing.

After a few hours, the army reached the eastern border of Kitzbühel, where they proceeded to get settled into the tents surrounding the border fortress. Berengar quickly got off his mount and approached Eckhard, who had long since defended the Northeast border from the invading Bavarians. Still, he was left in control of the region to ensure no other army came to attack.

Seeing his Lord and Commander approach him, Eckhard quickly pounded his chest in a salute before addressing his old friend, that he had not seen for some time.

"Your excellency!"

Berengar chuckled when he saw Eckhard being serious and slapped the man's backplate with his leather-covered palm.

"It is good to see you, Eckhard; it has been quite a while!"

Eckhard smiled, seeing that Berengar was back to his old self, even after such a grievous injury. Thus he responded to Berengars informal approach in an equally laid-back manner.

"It is just a damn shame we will be leaving each other's company so shortly after reuniting."

A wide grin spread across Berengar's face as he looked off into the distance with his good eye. He was gazing towards the direction of Vienna, by re-conquering the capital of the Duchy he would soon establish himself and his Dynasty as the main power of Austria.

"Worry not, Eckhard, if we do our jobs right, this war will end soon enough."

After reuniting with his Field Marshal, and his other General Arnulf; Berengar had opted to gather his high-ranking officers on a hill in front of the Borderfort that his army was occupying, there was not enough space for the total amount of his troops to stay within the Fort's walls, so many of them were gathered in tents outside of the fortress.

As the high-ranking officers gathered Around Berengar, he quickly addressed them, as he tried to encourage them with a speech fit for the situation.

"It has been a while since we last marched to war, and though many of you have been defending our borders, others have been enjoying the stability that we have brought to our lands. However, as you all know, the price of freedom is paid with the blood and bodies of those willing to defend it.

Suppose we wish to continue our existence as the overlords of our region without interference from a foreign power. In that case, we must fight, not for ourselves or our families but all of Austria! For though we are all Tyroleans, we are, more importantly, Austrians! Our brothers and sisters in the other regions have bled and starved while we have hidden behind our borders allowing it to happen!

Now our actions were not without good reason, as we needed time to build up an army large and powerful enough to defeat the enemy, or else we would end up just like our neighbors. Yet that does not forgive the fact that that we have chosen to hide in our well-fortified mountainous terrain.

Yet no longer! Tomorrow we march to war to liberate Austria from the occupation of our enemies! The Bavarians seek to press claim over us all and rule us under their rules and their customs! I reject it, for Austria shall forever remain in the hands of the Austrians! I promise you, if you all do your part in this upcoming conflict you will be home before the leaves fall from the trees! God with us!

Right before Berengar had finished the last part of his speech, he drew his sword and pointed it northward into the night sky before shouting the battle cry that his armies had become renowned for. The moment he did so, the officers who had gathered to witness his word all withdrew their swords and pointed them into the sky before also screaming the Tyrolean battle cry.

"God with us!"

After chanting those words a few more times, Berengar finally silenced the crowd and addressed his officers.

"Now, go rest, for tomorrow we march to war!"

After hearing Berengar's orders, the high-ranking officers all began to head towards their quarters, where they all rested for the night. Berengar, on the other hand, had a private drink with Eckhard; he would finally reveal his schemes to become Duke to his most trusted General.

Eckhard knew something was suspicious from the start; after hearing that Conrad was saved by Berengar and brought to Kufstein for safety, he knew Berengar was plotting something serious; though he did not know what.

Berengar brought two mugs of beer over to the table where Eckhard was sitting hat before he sat down. After doing so, he handed a mug to Eckhard and began to drink from his own. It was only after the two had tasted the beer that Berengar began to address Eckhard with a grave expression.

"I will be Duke of Austria soon enough."

Eckhard merely laughed as he heard these words; Berengar's ambitions were never satisfied; as such, he began to ask Berengar what his plan was.

"How do you plan to do that? Last I checked, Conrad was the Duke..."

Berengar was utterly frank with Eckhard, and as such, he told the truth.

"After I have won that boy's wars for him, I will continue to be his Regent; during this time, he will be slowly poisoned until the point of severe illness, it may be years, but before that boy turns sixteen, he will croak. Leaving me as Regent in a position to sweep in and usurp his title."

Eckhard gazed at Berengar with a shocked expression on his face. Before leaning in and whispering to him

"You are going to poison a child?"

Berengar merely took a drink from his mug before answering Eckhard's question.

"It is either that or I will be forced to start a civil war."

Eckhard looked at Berengar with a sense of disdain before asking Berengar another question.

"You want to be Duke so badly that you would kill an innocent child?"

Berengar shook his head and looked sternly at Eckhard before he began to lecture him.

"The boy covets my fiancee; the moment he gains any real authority by becoming a Duke, he will demand I hand her over to him; by that point, Adela will be my wife, and I will refuse to do so. He will try to have me killed for resisting his orders, and I will raise an army to fight him."

Eckhard could not believe Berengar was willing to throw the Duchy into another Chaotic war all for a woman; as such, he tried to reason with Berengar since this was the justification Berengar had used for his actions, Eckhard would be sure to offer an alternative solution.

"You could just give the girl over to the boy; after all, you already have Linde, just marry her and legitimize your child!"

Berengar shook his head while taking another sip; after doing so, Eckhard grew furious and pounded his fist on the table before screaming at Berengar.

"Give me one good reason not to!"

Berengar glared at the man fiercely before answering him

"Because I love her!"

hearing this, Eckhard scoffed; seeing that the man was displeased with his plans, Berengar decided to pose a philosophical question.

"Eckhard, with all your infinite wisdom, explain to me why it is more righteous to have thousands of men die on the battlefield than it is to poison a single child?"

With those words, Eckhard stared at Berengar with disbelief. He honestly did not know how to answer that question. Berengar decided to add salt to the wound as he further pressed Eckhard, he pointed to the door while doing so.

"Why do the lives of those men not matter as much as Conrad's? Whether it is to secure Adela's hand in marriage or fulfill my great ambitions, it truly does not matter. If I can spare the life of a single one of my soldiers by poisoning Conrad, then I will do it! You would to best to remember where your loyalties lie. It is not just to me, but the men, women, and children beneath my rule, and if I can spare them the pain of war by engaging in a bit of evil, then I will gladly do so."

Eckhard drained the mug of beer down his gullet before pouring another one, where he proceeded to consume its contents rapidly. It was only after he had chugged three beers and wiped the foam from his beard that he decided to say his final thoughts on the matter.

"You are right! I am sorry, I find it a bit cruel to poison a child, but you are right, as always. Even if you were willing to give up on Adela, put aside your ambitions, by allowing Conrad to be Duke that would only bring disaster to our lands, that boy is not fit to rule our people, but you are!"

Hearing Eckhard finally agreed to his plans, Berengar smiled and patted him on the back.

"Go get some rest, old friend; we will be marching to war at dawn."

With that said, Eckhard smiled before departing, leaving Berengar by his lonesome. It was only after Eckhard was long gone that Berengar began to think thought about the actions he would have to take before reaching the heights of his ambition. In doing so, his lips turned into a sinister smile before voicing his thoughts aloud.

"For the path that I walk upon, poisoning a child is but a drop in the well. Oh, my dear friend Eckhard, I am destined to do far worse in the future. Yet, in the end, by doing so, I shall establish global hegemony for my Dynasty!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194: Lightning War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The following day Berengar and his armies packed up their supplies and began to march, an army of 30,000 men, comprised of three divisions of ten thousand men each. Was fielded to fight this campaign that Berengar had decided to name the Lightning War. The Divisions were split into four brigades in total, two infantry, one cavalry, and one artillery.

The Artillery Brigades contained roughly 3,000 - 4,000 men in and total and up to 70 field guns in each. The amount of explosive firepower that a single Artillery Brigade wielded was in itself enough to bring down any armed force that dared to get in its path. Especially when complemented by the Infantry Brigades.

As for the Infantry Brigades, they held 3,000 - 5,000 men in each brigade, and these units consisted of various units, ranging from Line Infantry, Grenadiers, Jaegers, and even Light Infantry. Obviously, there were other units within, like Medics and Sappers. It was a well-oiled machine designed with a single purpose, absolute annihilation of the enemy.

The Cavalry brigades, on the other hand, were much smaller in size. They were filled with 2,000 men and their horses per brigade. As for the units within these Brigades, there were also split into different groups, such as Cuirassiers, Demi-Lancers, and Hussars. There were also units of Dragoons and Mounted Infantry, but they were smaller in number, as their purpose was more specialized.

The expense that Berengar had to pay to not only train these troops but maintain them was significant. If one counted the sheer cost he paid to acquire the horses to ride; it was enough to bankrupt most Counties in the European world. However, Berengar was very wealthy after the monumental success of his diverse economy and could afford to bear such an expense.

This massive force was followed by the medieval army of the County of Vorarlberg, who were all completely shocked by the size of Berengar's army, and the equipment they used; there was likely no other army in the world as grand as his. They felt inadequate when they gazed upon the blackened steel plate and extravagant clothing beneath it that the Tyrolean forces wielded.

The plan was for two divisions to follow Berengar to Salzburg, where he would meet the Bavarians in the field and retake the castles and cities they had seized. With such a large force that contained an absurd degree of firepower. Berengar could easily swamp the entire County within a matter of weeks, at most a month.

The other army would be led by Eckhard and Count Audegar and would consist of one of Berengar's divisions, supported by the 5,000 men of Audegar's military. They would attack the County of K?rnten, where Count Otto and his 10,00 men would reinforce them. They would launch an attack from both sides of the County and meet in the middle after dispelling the Bavarians from the region.

After both regions were secured, Berengar would march his army on Lower Austria and Vienna, and Eckhard and his allies would march on upper Austria. From there, any Bavarians who remained in the other counties would be quickly defeated, thus restoring Austrian control over their territory.

This was the invasion plan, and Berengar felt he had enough men and firepower to complete it. Thus he met up with Eckhard and Audegar at a crossroads which would take them in a separate direction. The three men sat on horseback as Berengar said his farewells.

"The next time I see the two of you, I will have taken Vienna! I look forward to the day we can all meet again!"

Eckhard nodded at Berengar before saluting one last time.

"Your Excellency, I will do as you have instructed to the best of my abilities!"

Berengar nodded with a smile on his face before responding to Eckhard's claims.

"I am sure that you will not disappoint me. Until we meet again, Ser Eckhard, Count Audegar."

After saying such a thing, Berengar and Eckhard's forces separated. Where Berengar slowly made his way to the County of Salzburg. By the time he arrived in the region, he had noticed that the villages that he passed by had all been looted, many of them were abandoned entirely.

The devastation brought to the Austrian lands was horrifying, bodies of men, women, and children were hewn about, and many of the women had appeared to have been thoroughly used by the men of the Bavarian armies before their deaths.

Berengar and his army eventually made their way through the border town and towards the first Castle on their path, which was supposed to protect the villagers; it was currently undergoing a siege by the Bavarian Armies, who had not yet noticed Berengar and his own army's approach. As such, Berengar instantly gave an order to his army.

"Get into formation, and ready the cannons to fire! Infantry, prepare your muskets, cavalry, be on alert!"

Berengar had two divisions under his command; he currently had 140 12 lb field cannons in his ranks which were rapidly put into position and loaded.? Before long, tens of thousands of infantry loaded their rifled muskets and formed ranks.

By the time they were entirely in formation, the Bavarians had just noticed their approach and began to panic; such a large army had crossed the Tyrolean border and encountered them during a siege, it was as if they come across a poisonous snake as they were crapping in the woods.

They had no idea how to react to the situation before them. Still, seeing the army hundreds of meters away, with over a hundred cannons being rapidly loaded, many of the men instantly began praying to God for their salvation.

These prayers were cut short as the thundering echo of 140 cannons firing at once filled the air while the shells fell from the sky and pounded the besieging army. The massive ranks of line infantry and grenadiers advanced towards their effective range so that they too could batter the enemy, while the jaegers fired from a distance of roughly eight hundred meters.

Thousands of besieging Bavarians were shredded by the explosive blasts and shrapnel of the cannon fire, only for the survivors to be mercilessly gunned down at a distance by the muskets. This besieging army was not large and held only about 5,000 men in total; it did not take more than a few cannon and musket volleys to mercilessly tear the siege camp and its forces apart instantly.

Limbs were scattered across the ground, and blood pooled in the grass as the defenders of the Castle gazed on with horror at the scene that had just transpired. Such overwhelming power was inconceivable, and Berengar did not even need to unleash his cavalry.

The Lord of the Castle sat atop his ramparts looking at the simple yet dignified banners of the von Kufstein family and thanked God for his salvation; he was in a crisis having no idea how he would be able to defend his territory against the besiegers effectively. Yet, in his hour of need, the Tyroleans finally arrived from beyond the border and liberated him and his people from the injustice of the Bavarian occupation of Salzburg.

There were still plenty of regions within Salzburg that were holding out, hoping for a savior; the same could be said across all of Austria; though it had been months since the Bavarians invaded, they could not bring down the enemy's walls as quickly as Berengar could. Thus they were forced to besiege every Castle and City slowly. The Bavarian invasion of Austria was a prolonged process that was intended to take months, if not years, to complete.

Now that Berengar had arrived with 140 cannons, he would be able to bring down a city's walls within a day, it was an army the likes the world had never seen before, and Berengar had deliberately waited until he had three divisions before marching to war because he wanted his campaign to be another overwhelming victory.

With the power in his hands, a mere Duke would not be capable of defeating him in battle. To counteract Berengar's hundreds of cannons and thousands of infantry equipped with mostly rifled muskets, there would need to be an army 2-3 times the size of his own, and only a Kingdom could muster such a force.

After defeating the besieging army of 5,000 men as easily as cutting through the grass, Berengar did not bother approaching the Castle's gates; many more battles like this needed to be fought, and as such, he quickly gave another order to his troops.

"Regroup, and prepare to march!"

After spending a considerable amount of time getting back into marching formation, the army once more began to set out on its destination; they intended to fight their way until they had liberated the Capital of Salzburg, which was currently under siege, Wolfgang's brother valiantly defended the region, while the man who is supposed to be the current Count of the area hid within his wife's family's estate.

As such, Berengar would encounter many minor skirmishes like this on his way to liberate the capital. They all ended just as quickly and in just as brutal of a fashion. Wherever his army marched, they reaped thousands of Bavarians lives. Any fool who placed themselves in between him, and the main Bavarian army in the County of Salzburg, would be rapidly gunned down by Berengar's troops.

This Lightning War or Blitzkrieg as Berengar had dubbed it, named after the German strategy in the early days of WWII from his past life, was highly influential in cutting off the enemy; not only did Berengar practice this tactic in Salzburg, but Eckhard also similarly commanded his armies in K?rnten.

Berengar was not exaggerating in the slightest when he stated in his speech that he and his men would be home before the leaves fell from the trees. Though it was a reference to Kaiser Wilhelm II's speech to his troops before the start of the Great War in his previous life, he entirely meant those words and knew he was fully capable of making them a reality. As such, the war waged on, and Berengar would soon be the power behind the Austrian throne.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195: The Hunter has Become the Hunted
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

195  The Hunter has Become the Hunted

The Tyrolean army was on the march, Berengar leading his two divisions in the fields of Salzburg was currently at the head of his majestic army. Every soldier who served alongside him was clad in blackened steel plate armor, with the black, gold, and white attire beneath it.  Some wore half-plate, while others were equipped with the three-quarter plate armor.

The Non-commissioned and commissioned officers stood out from the regular enlisted personnel. Their armor was trimmed with brass to show off their prestige and to indicate to the individual troops who were leading their units. Though they might become greater targets for the enemy, with the protection their armor provided them, they seldom had to fear a deathly blow at range.

At the moment, Berengar and his forces had set up an encampment in the field. Berengar spoke to General Arnulf and several of his high-ranking officers about the current situation in the County of Salzburg. Arnulf was the first to bring new information to light.

"Our scouts have reported that the Bavarians have begun to flee from their posts. We are not exactly sure of the reasoning, but they may have figured out our advantage in this conflict and are attempting to mitigate casualties.  In their hasty retreat, they have begun to torch every village they come across. They massacre the people, burn the fields, and slaughter the livestock. The Bavarians are determined to halt our advance by any means necessary!"

Berengar immediately frowned when he heard this report; this was scorched earth tactics, a strategy which Berengar personally despised. The principle was simple, as the Bavarians withdrew, they would destroy any possible resource that Berengar and his forces could take advantage of, forcing the Tyrolean army to slow down their advance. An army that could not eat could not function.

Luckily Berengar had anticipated this use of tactics and had long-established supply Caravans to follow his army in the rear. His forces protected these caravans and would continuously bring much-needed resources such as food, water, and munitions from Tyrol to the front lines. Logistics are the key to victory, and Berengar had no plans of advancing beyond his means of resupply.

After hearing this report, he gave a command to his officers.

"Make sure supplies are being properly rationed; I don't want to see any waste of the products that the men consume. As for our advancement into Salzburg, we can only slow down and wait for the supply caravans to catch up. The Jagers are skilled in wilderness knowledge, set them to the task of foraging and hunting any food that they can acquire!"

Hearing the Count's orders, the officers quickly pounded their breastplates in salute before responding.

"Yes, sir!"

After saying that, they were set to the task, and the army began to fulfill his orders. As for Berengar, he stayed at his post with Arnulf by his side; the man had been a valuable ally and formidable General during the past and was once more alongside him. Berengar valued his advice and quickly began to ask the man his opinions on what the Bavarians were planning.

"Tell me, General, do you think the Bavarians are plotting an ambush for us?"

Arnulf nodded his head before expressing his opinion.

"It is what I would do. By now, the Bavarians should realize that they are facing overwhelming firepower. Thus they don't stand a chance fighting against us in an open field or within a siege. The best they can do is engage in skirmishing tactics to try to prevent our advance long enough for them to muster the forces necessary to overwhelm our armies with sheer numbers."

Berengar's face contorted into a worried expression as he began to anticipate the Bavarian's next move.

"Halt our advance, and make sure our supply lines are properly protected. I fear they will try to cut us off from our logistical network; in doing so, they will attempt to wear us down with attrition; I will not have my men starving in the field while cut off from support from the homeland. It is better to move with caution than to walk into a trap."

Arnulf nodded in approval with this line of thinking and began to make his suggestions.

"We should split off some Grenadier units and set them to the task of searching for and destroying the enemy skirmishers and their encampments. I find it hard to believe the Bavarians are fleeing from the region entirely; they are probably waiting in ambush for our forces." Berengar nodded in agreement before adding to the suggestion.

"I want the Dragoons and Mounted Infantry tasked with protecting the supply caravans; they should have more than enough firepower to deter any potential ambush while still maintaining the mobility necessary to keep up with the caravans."

Arnulf quickly made a mental note of the orders he had received; he would soon relay these tasks to the necessary units. The Tyrolean army was powerful primarily because of its superior training and equipment but also the diversity of the troops they employed.

With the specialized training that specific units underwent, they could perform these deeds that they would soon be commanded to fulfill with excellent efficiency. Thus Berengar indeed did not have to be too worried about what dangers might approach them in this ongoing conflict with the Bavarians. After giving Arnulf his orders, Berengar parted ways with Arnulf for the night and immediately proceeded to his tent, where he slept peacefully. As for the units and their new orders, they quickly began to deploy to fulfill them.

During the middle of the night, the Grenadiers tasked with search and destroyed missions advanced beyond the primary host, determined to find any Bavarian forces waiting for them. In doing so, a battalion was sent out in total and split into six individual companies where they canvassed the territory ahead of them. If one of the companies were to make contact with the enemy ambushers, the other companies would be alerted by the sound of gunfire and advance upon the position, encircling the enemy ambushers and taking their lives.

At the moment, one company of grenadiers had made the first contact with the enemy; as such, they quietly hit in the tree line as they pulled back the hammers of their flintlocks. The Bavarians had not yet noticed that the Grenadiers were in range, and they were sitting by a fire enjoying themselves.

They had seen that the Tyrolean army had halted their advance, and so they were waiting patiently in the perfect position for an ambush. After the muskets were loaded and aimed at a distance of a hundred yards, The Captain in charge of the company gave his order loud enough for the men nearby to hear.

"Fire!"

immediately the thunder of a hundred and twenty muskets went off, echoing in the distance. The moment they did so, the lead projectiles fired from their muzzles found their way into the enemy ranks. Torsos were shredding, with gaping holes the size of golf balls appearing through the enemy's breastplates.

The less fortunate victims had their limbs severed by the rounds and were thrashing about on the ground screaming in agony. The flash of the fired volley instantly lit up the area, and the surviving members of the ambushing troop realized they were surrounded. Several dozen Bavarian men at arms were killed on the spot, and even more, were wounded. Yet when compared to the size of the ambushing troop, this was not much. However, what followed instantly sent fear down the spines of the Bavarian skirmishers as they heard a battle cry filled the air around them as if over a thousand voices screamed the powerful words in unison.

"God with us!"

Shortly afterward, the Tyrolean grenadiers converged on the enemy position. They were alerted by the sounds of gunfire and the sight of the muzzle flashes. Where they quickly formed ranks and fired off their shots at the Bavarian ambushers.

Gunfire echoed in the air, and the advancing Bavarian skirmishers were rapidly cut down as they attempted to approach the lines of grenadiers. The scene quickly turned chaotic as more men had their lives snuffed out by a single minie ball projectile piercing through their chests. Others gurgled on their own blood for a period of time before finally leaving this world.

Before the Bavarians even got a chance to unleash their swords upon the Tyrolean forces, steel balls were lit and thrown into the ranks of the enemy, where they quickly exploded, sending shrapnel and body parts flying through the air. Though the Grenadiers were outnumbered, the Bavarians began to panic, trying to find a way to break out of the encirclement. However, all they managed to do was run into a wall of bayonets that were ready to engage in melee combat. The long triangular bayonets were thrust into the gaps of the men at arms armor, creating devastating wounds, which would be very difficult to patch up assuming they were able to survive the onslaught. Eventually, the Bavarians finally managed to muster a resistance and clashed headfirst with the grenadiers who had encircled them. Despite this courageous last stand, the damage had already been dealt to the Bavarian skirmisher's ranks, and they found themselves quickly being pushed back. By now, a sea of corpses and blood had filled the floor, and the Tyrolean Grenadiers were advancing over the bodies and into the fray.

With each thrust of the bayonet, a Bavarian was either wounded or killed. Slowly but surely, the Bavarian Ambushers had dwindled to a few hundred men whose backs were pressed against each other as over a thousand bayonets pierced at them from all sides. Before long, the surviving Bavarians cast their weapons aside and shouted at the top of their lungs.

"Yield! I yield!"

With a declaration of surrender, the Tyrolean grenadiers ceased their violence and quickly rounded up the survivors for interrogation. With a little over a hundred captives, they could easily find out the whereabouts of the remaining ambushes and potentially the plans that the Bavarian army was resorting to. Thus the Tyrolean forces marched their prisoners back to the Tyrolean encampment, where they would be interrogated for every piece of information that they harbored in their minds.

While Berengar slept, his grenadiers had mercilessly hunted down the first of the Bavarian Ambushes set in place and captured a few hundred prisoners whose intelligence would be critical in the fight ahead. As such, the tactics he had put in place earlier that day had already born fruit, and Berengar would have a much swifter conquest of Salzburg than he had initially estimated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196: Battle in Kärnten
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar and his forces were bogged down and slowly advancing through Salzburg due to the tactics employed by the Bavarians, Eckhard had a much easier time fighting the enemy, for they had not resorted to such underhanded tactics to defeat him. Thus at the moment, he was currently engaged in a field battle with the enemy.

Eckhard had deployed Audegar's forces to protect the flanks of his infantry while they marched in their lines into engagement distance. As for his cavalry, they were waiting on standby for their orders to charge.

At the moment, Eckhard's 70 field guns were in position and had just begun their bombardment upon the enemy army, which was between 5,000 - 7,000 men strong. As the cannons echoed into the air and the explosive shells repeatedly pounded the enemy lines, the Bavarians did not panic. Instead, they marched faithfully into the fire and towards the Tyrolean ranks.

As for Eckhard, he was at the front lines, with his sword in hand, which was also based upon the 1877 British Heavy Cavalry sword; it had become the basis for all swords wielded in the Tyrolean army. The blade balanced perfectly in his hands as he continued to march orderly by his troops.

Arrows and bolts fell upon the marching soldiers in volleys, but the Tyroleans did not fear their sting, for their armor would protect their vitals. Because of how resilient their defenses were, they were undeterred by the minor flesh wounds which accumulated on their bodies as they continued to march at an orderly pace.

Only when the enemy was at a distance of roughly three hundred yards did Eckhard give his command to his line of infantry with the authoritative voice of a veteran Field Marshal Eckhard raised his sword and pointed it at the enemy as he bellowed for all his men to hear.

"Present Arms!"

The moment he did so, the soldiers who held their loaded rifled muskets lowered the weapons into a position where Eckhard once more gave a command. The front rank instantly knelt while the rear column pointed their rifled muskets above their heads.

"Take Aim!"

After doing so, his words were relayed to the thousands of infantry among his ranks by the various officers and NCOs within earshot. When he finally felt that the enemy was within an acceptable range, he gave the final command.

"Fire!"

In doing so, thousands of muskets went off in unison, at the distance of three hundred yards. Where they spit lead out of their flashing muzzles, accompanied by the roar of gunfire, which instantly echoed across the battlefield.

The moment the muskets went off, thousands of .58 caliber Minie ball projectiles went downrange. They crashed into their targets, shredding apart the steel body armor in which many of the enemy troops were equipped as if it were nothing more than wet toilet tissue.

Blood splattered, and bones splintered as the lead projectiles made their way past the enemy's defenses and into their flesh, often coming out the other side of the steel armor. Instantly thousands of men collapsed to the ground, either gravely wounded or dead upon impact.

The Bavarian vanguard was shattered in a moment, and the surviving veterans among their ranks began to panic. Yet this was not the end, as another artillery barrage began to pound the Bavarian ranks while the Tyroleans reloaded their weapons.

As for the troops from Vorarlberg, they were stunned by the sight of such destruction. The might in which the Tyroleans possessed was unfathomable, and it was at this moment they remembered that this was merely a third of the forces that Berengar had under his command. Such an army was more than capable of sweeping across Austria and reclaiming the land themselves; they felt as if they were merely present to witness the carnage.

Blood-curdling screams filled the air alongside the thunder as the Tyrolean forces finished reloading before the same series of commands were ordered. However, at this point, the Bavarian commander could no longer withstand the sight of his troops routing and thus ordered his cavalry to charge.

The heavily armored knights of Bavaria, alongside mounted men at arms, rushed towards the Tyrolean infantry with anticipation; thus far, none of Berengar's armies had been defeated in combat, with the cavalry charge, they truly believed they could change the tide of this battle.

Eckhard immediately noticed the cavalry beginning their attack and gave another order to his soldiers, which was quickly relayed in fashion by the numerous officers and NCOs among their ranks.

"Square formation!"

Upon ordering this command, the soldiers in Eckhard's army quickly began to form ranks in the form of a hollow square. They did so in rapid speed, proving that they had drilled this formation, time and again throughout the months of their training, to such proficiency that they were capable of doing so under the pressure of pursuing cavalry.

After forming into squares, with their bayonets affixed, the Tyrolean infantry waited for the Cavalry approach until they were within 30 yards; only then would they fire for maximum damage. Despite the superior range of their rifled muskets over traditional smoothbore muskets, they still would be the most effective while firing by rank against the approaching cavalry at a close distance.

While the Tyroleans formed such ranks, the relatively undisciplined Vorarlberg infantry quickly fled the oncoming cavalry and ran behind the massive squares that had appeared on the battlefield. Confused by the strange formation, the Bavarians charged straight into the line of fire, where after reaching the thirty-yard range, the individual commanders in charge of each formation began to give orders to fire based upon the nearest rank.

The moment they did so, the destructive power of the .58 caliber lead projectiles in the form of Minie balls shredded through the steel plate armor and barding of the knights and their horses, instantly dropping the cavalry bold enough to attack. Some riders survived as their horses fell before them, yet the Tyroleans' disciplined ranks were unphased, never once breaking formation.

To break ranks was to face certain death; these were the words their drill instructors had beaten into their heads throughout the many months of training the men had undergone to be fully recognized as soldiers. As such, the Tyroleans stood in their ranks, reloading before firing on the next cavalry attempted Cavalry charge, which was met with equally disastrous results.

All the while, Eckhard was within the hollow area of the formation alongside several officers; as a man with a sword, his usefulness in this formation was nothing more than being a commanding voice. Thus he spat out commands as the cavalry continued to charge at the formation, hoping to break through with superior numbers.

"Left flank fire!"

"Right, flank fire!"

"Center column fire!"

The veteran field marshal continued to declare his orders. While the men beneath his command followed them to the letter; before long, the cavalry was eliminated, with those few surviving members having fled the scene during the second attack. They could not believe that their heavily armored knights were useless in the face of the absurd Tyrolean weapons.

Seeing their knights being broken, the Bavarian forces were filled with trepidation. Yet, their worries were far from resolved, as the artillery brigade continued to batter their ranks, no matter how far they fled. However, suddenly the artillery battery stopped, and for a brief moment, they felt reprieve. That is before they noticed the Tyrolean Cavalry dashing down the hillside and towards their broken ranks!

Berengar's rules were simple, so long as an enemy did not surrender, they were fair game and were to be given no quarter, even if they were running with their tail between their legs. Thus, the Tyrolean Cavalry, a mix of Cuirassiers, Demi-Lancers, and Hussars, rushed down the mountainside and into the routing enemies, showing no mercy to the fleeing Bavarians.

The Bavarian Commander, who had taken part in the initial Bavarian cavalry charge, lay on the ground, with his dead horse lying on top of him, slowly crushing his internal organs. He bled from the mouth, yet this was not visible due to the helmet on his head obscuring such a scene.

The battle was over, and though Eckhard ordered his troops to keep their wits about him, he and members of his line infantry approached the body trapped beneath the horse and lifted the helm from his head, revealing a horrifically scarred appearance of a man who had seen many battles.

Eckhard gazed at the man with respect before asking him a question.

"Are you the Bavarian Commander?"

Struggling to breathe, the Bavarian commander coughed up blood before answering Eckhard

"Yes..."

Eckhard felt pity for the man and the situation he was in and, as such, decided to show mercy; thus, he asked the man the final question on his mind.

"Do you regret coming to Austria?"

The Bavarian Commander chuckled as he gurgled on his blood before spitting it out of his mouth and onto the ground.

"With every fiber of my being!"

with that said, Eckhard pulled out his pistol, cocked the hammer, and pulled the trigger, sending a musket ball into the commander's head, giving him a quick death. Afterward, he spoke the words on his mind aloud for all of his men to hear.

"May God have mercy on his soul..."

The first battle in K?rnten was an overwhelming Victory for the Tyroleans, and they had drastically cut down the numbers of the Bavarian forces within the region. It would appear that the war for K?rnten would be much smoother than the one in Salzburg.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197: Crushing an Insurgency
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

During the past few days, Berengar's advance into Salzburg had been reduced. With the constant need to send out advanced parties on a series of search and destroy missions for enemy skirmishers, the Tyrolean host was forced to march through Salzburg at a slow but steady pace.

Because of this, Berengar had become impatient, and it was only due to the constant advice of Arnulf that he did not make a rash action like marching through Salzburg undeterred by the idea of ambush, which would surely result in more casualties than it was worth.

Thus at the moment, Berengar found himself within the encampment that his army had made in the field, with a significant degree of spare time. His army's hierarchy was so well implemented that he honestly did not have much to do on the campaign as Commander in Chief, as the officer class was more than capable of fulfilling their daily duties without his interference.

Berengar found himself whittling wood for entertainment, and as such, was in the middle of carving a wooden figure which greatly resembled that of his lover Linde. Though his artistic skills were lacking, the crude figure displayed the woman's natural curves in great detail. It was not a bad piece of work, considering his relatively poor art skills.

It was at this moment that the flaps to his tent parted, and Anrulf forcefully entered, seeing that his Lord and Commander was in the process of making a wood statue of what appeared to be a full-figured woman, Arnulf wisely chose not to question it, and instead reported the news that he had received.

"Your excellency, I have a report to make."

Berengar did not bother placing down the wooden figure that he was still in the process of carving. Instead, he continued to do so while listening to Arnulf's words. As such, he nonchalantly approved Arnulf's request to inform him of the matters at hand.

"Go ahead..."

Seeing that Berengar was more interested in his sculpture than the important news he had to share, Arnulf quickly sighed before starting the report with a phrase that would be sure to grab Berengar's attention.

"We have gained some viable intelligence from the captives!"

Hearing this news, Berengar's ears perked up, and he immediately stopped his activity. Instead, he placed the half-finished wooden sculpture on the stand next to him and the knife with it before shifting his full attention to Arnulf, where he responded to this news with a great deal of curiosity.

"Go on..."

Seeing that Berengar's interest was fully captured, Arnulf smiled before fulfilling the rest of his report; as such, he placed the map in his hand down onto a nearby table in Berengar's tent and spread it out where it displayed several marks on specific positions in the nearby hills and forests.

"These are the locations of the enemy Ambushes within the nearby area; our scouts have determined the information to be accurate!"

Hearing this news, Berengar quickly got up from his seat, where he proceeded to the table where the map was displayed and carefully observed it, with a broad smile on his face. Now that he knew the enemy positions, he could easily bombard them with the overwhelming firepower of his 140 cannons.

After seeing this information, Berengar quickly gave his orders to Arnulf for the army to fulfill. He pointed at the different locations and ordered a bold attack on them.

"Move an artillery battalion to each of these positions, supported by a battalion of infantry. I want these damned skirmishers sufficiently bombarded before we surround them with our line infantry! Only after they have suffered the barrage of our shells will our infantry move in and mop of what remains of them!"

Hearing Berengar's orders, Arnulf quickly saluted the man by pounding his breastplate with his fist.

"Yes, Sir!"

Afterward, the General left the tent and quickly got the orders into action. Though Berengar wanted to participate in the operation, he was forced to stay behind with the primary host. As such, he sighed heavily before pouring himself a chalice of beer. Where he quickly drained its contents.

As for the operation itself, the Tyrolean forces who were ordered to partake in the attack quickly moved off to their positions; the amount of firepower Berengar had ordered to bring down upon the skirmishers was overkill. Yet, Berengar wanted to put the fear of God in the Bavarians, and what better way than to massacre their forces which lie in wait for his army.

As such, the locations that the skirmishers hid were quickly surrounded by Berengar's artillery and infantry. At all four areas, there were hundreds if not thousands of Bavarian ambushers gathered, hiding, and waiting for the main Tyrolean force to pass by so that they could converge on the enemy and surprise them with a rapid assault.

Unfortunately for the Bavarians, they had been betrayed by the captives, and thus without realizing it quickly came under the assault of artillery, whose roars echoed in the air like the thunder of God. The explosive shells landed upon the position of the Bavarian skirmishers exploding upon impact and sending shrapnel throughout the air.

The 12 lb steel ball, which was utilized as the host of the explosive, contained enough shrapnel to gravely wound or even kill those unfortunate to be caught in its range. The shards of steel were flying out at such speed that they were fully capable of penetrating through the less solid armor like brigandine. As for the full plate armor, it was partially resistant to the shrapnel. However, the explosive blast itself was more than capable of killing the men caught within its lethal range.

Most of the men at arms of the Bavarian army were not fully equipped in plate armor, maybe a breastplate and a helmet, but there were plenty of gaps in their armor, and as such, the shrapnel easily pierced through those gaps and into the flesh of the men unfortunate enough to be hit by it.

The bombardment did not stop with a single volley. The men who had survived the initial onslaught only had roughly half a minute to get their thoughts in order before another volley was fired from the 18 field guns present at each location. Thunder echoed in the air, and what immediately followed was death and destruction.

The Bavarian men at arms wept and wailed as their comrades were blasted apart, and the artillery fire sufficiently injured them. Yet despite their attempts to rally forth and advance on their attackers, 18 shells repeatedly bombarded their location every 30 seconds like clockwork.

Corpses littered the forests and hills where the Bavarians had gathered, blood pooled into a small pond, and limbs were scattered across the area. The armor the Bavarians wore was scrapped and hewn across the land, along with the bodies that equipped it. Shields, swords, and spears were cast aside and mangled by the explosive blast of the 12-pound shells which bombarded the area.

It was as if death himself had descended on the land. Unfortunately, for those lucky enough to escape the bombardment, they quickly realized they were surrounded as they walked right into the musket fire of the Tyrolean forces. Their brief moment of hope for survival was met with a lead projectile piercing through their breastplates and leaving a massive hole in their chests.

With the first wave of Bavarians utterly decimated by the artillery bombardment, and the second gunned down by the muskets, the Tyroleans rapidly reloaded their weapons as more men desperately tried to escape the encirclement.

However, their fates were sealed the moment their locations were revealed to the Tyroleans. Though the artillery bombardment continued to focus on the center of the encirclement, blasting apart those unfortunate enough to get caught within its shockwave. The majority of the Bavarians had now rushed out of the forests and hills they occupied and into the Tyrolean infantry, who were well prepared for their attacks.

In doing so, another volley was fired from the line infantry, which shredded the bodies of the men at arms, equipped chiefly with melee weapons, the few archers in their ranks who were still alive had opted to stay from afar launch their missiles into the Tyrolean forces. However, it was far less effective than they had imagined.

Only a tiny number of Tyroleans were killed and wounded by the arrows and bolts that fell in their direction. The rest unleashed their bayonets on the men at arms, who rushed to their positions in a desperate attempt to break through and flee the scene. Yet the Tyroleans were well prepared for such a reality, and thus the bayonets thrust into the gaps in the enemy's armor, piercing the limbs and bodies of the Bavarians and spilling their blood and guts onto the field.

This chaotic scene of absolute brutality showed itself throughout the four regions that harbored the Bavarian units. No man could escape the encirclement that the Tyroleans had captured them in. As for the Archers, they were quickly picked off by the Jaegers who stayed in the distance of over five hundred yards and expertly shot their foes with their hexagonal bullets, piercing through the brigandine and gambeson of the Bavarian archers and crossbowman.

With this assault, the Tyroleans had single-handedly brought down the threat that loomed over their heads for the past few days, one that had slowed their advance. The course of the war for Salzburg had shifted in a matter of hours, and those who were fortunate enough to survive the carnage found themselves captured and interrogated for information.

With the insurgency crushed and his supply lines secured, Berengar could once more swiftly march onto Salzburg and meet the main Bavarian force preparing for his eventual arrival. The war for the County of Salzburg would be decided in a large-scale battle between roughly 20,000 Tyroleans and 5,000 Bavarians. Berengar was sure that the conflict would be a one-sided massacre.

Berengar's army was already of considerable size for the era, far more than a Count like himself should have. On the other hand, the Duke of Bavaria had paid a significant expense in raising such a large army of his own to march on Austria; it had a fair amount of levies, mercenaries, and men at arms among its ranks.

In total, the Bavarians had roughly 50,000 men in the region at the start of the conflict. With Berengar's and Eckhard's multiple victories, both at the border conflicts and in their ongoing invasions, the Bavarians now had had less than half of that remaining. Salzburg was considered an area of critical importance, and thus Duke Dietger had invested a fair amount of troops into the region; most of them were now either dead or captured.

Thus Battle of Salzburg was a fight that Berengar was greatly anticipating. For if he could display his overwhelming might in Salzburg, it might intimidate the future Bavarian armies to surrender at the sight of his forces. At least he hoped for such an outcome, though he recognized the possibility of such a thing was slim. Nevertheless, he intended to wipe the floor with the Bavarian army waiting for him at his destination.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198: An Unexpected Welcome
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the skirmishers defeated, Berengar and his army were once more on the march, and it did not take them long to arrive at the city of Salzburg. However, when they arrived, they noticed that the Bavarian forces had already fled the scene, there was not a single sight of an ongoing siege effort, and the camp they left behind appeared as if it was quickly abandoned.

Berengar was quite disappointed at the sight, seeing how he wanted to crush the Bavarian army and spread fear among their ranks. However, it would appear that they were already greatly intimidated, and as such, had fled the region in its entirety, leaving it in the hands of the Austrians.

Though Berengar had wanted to pursue the retreating Bavarians, he also had business to discuss with Wolfgang's little brother. The man had valiantly defended Salzburg to the best of his efforts, and such Berengar approached the city gates with his guards. The banners of House Von Kufstein were flying behind him as he neared his destination.

When the city garrison noticed the massive army approach their gates, they were filled with trepidation; however, when they noticed the friendly banners that the approaching forces flew, their concern rapidly dwindled. As Berengar approached the gates, they were opened for his arrival, where he was greeted upon entry by the garrison's commander.

"Count Berengar, we were not expecting your arrival; I now understand why the Bavarians so rapidly abandoned the siege against such overwhelming numbers; it is no surprise that they would flee for their lives!"

Berengar smiled as he returned the compliment.

"Even if I were not on my way to aid you, I feel as if the brave men of Salzburg would be capable of repelling the enemy forces. Tell me, is it possible for me to meet with Adelbrand? I have much to discuss with the man."

Seeing that the Count of Tyrol was here on urgent business, the commander of the garrison dared not to hold him any longer and swiftly led Berengar to the Castle where he and his men entered its gates and proceeded to the great hall where Adelbrand, Wolfgang's little brother was currently acting as the authority within the region.

The man was not expecting Berengar's arrival. However, the moment he saw Berengar's charming appearance, he knew then and there why the Bavarians had so suddenly fled the area. How could such a small force compare to the might of Berengar and his Grand Tyrolean Army? As such, he extended his hand in greeting to Berengar as the two noblemen quickly approached one another.

"Count Berengar, I must say I am glad to see your appearance; I was beginning to fear you that you had decided to stay within your domain and wait out this war."

Berengar smiled as he heard such a remark and responded with a well-crafted statement.

"Unfortunately for the Bavarians, I decided to use my defenses to buy some time so that I could draft a large army, capable of fully annihilating the enemy and driving them out of our lands!"

Hearing this, Adelbrand immediately understood why Berengar had stayed out of the conflict for so many months; in the long term, such a strategy was bound to be successful, though he had no idea how vast of an Army Berengar had produced during this timeframe. As such, he immediately questioned Berengar on the size of his forces.

"Tell me, your excellency, just how large of an Army are we talking about here?"

Upon hearing this question, Berengar's lips curved into a smug grin where he proclaimed the size of his army with forced humility.

"Oh, not much, only 30,000 men."

Adelbrand nodded his head and responded to Berengar

"30,000 men, not much indeed... wait a second, you have thirty thousand soldiers!"

The young nobleman was quite shocked by this figure, such a large army was something a Duchy or even a Kingdom could draft, but he had never heard of a County having such a large army before. Maybe Lothar, but that was because he had spent a vast fortune acquiring many mercenaries. Upon seeing the man's expression Berengar of course, smiled at him and nodded his head before explaining his plan.

"I have sent 10,000 of them with my Field Marshal Eckhard into K?rnten where he alongside the Count of Vorarlberg will regroup with Count Otto of Steiermark and forcefully seize the region. Afterward, we will march upon Upper and Lower Austria, where we will forcefully drive the remaining Bavarians out of our lands!"

Adelbrand could hardly believe Berengar's words, and then he came to a sudden realization which he was pretty fearful to ask. Nevertheless, he summoned his courage and spoke his mind.

"So that means you have 20,000 men sitting outside of my city right now?"

Berengar nodded his head in response to this question, and Adelbrand instantly felt his knees give out from under him; he slowly staggered over to his seat, where he sat down. He was incredibly thankful to God that Berengar was on his side, for he could never resist such a massive army.

Berengar, however, wanted to switch the conversation from talks about his battle plans to his long-term political goals and, as such, immediately altered the course of the conversation.

"So, Adelbrand, I have met your brother Wolfgang..."

Adelbrand instantly became enraged at the mention of his brother; his eyes contained the fury of his soul, and he began to grit his teeth in anger. As such, he quietly snarled before putting on a pleasant facade and asking Berengar about his encounter with the fool.

"Tell me, what is your opinion of my dearest brother?"

Seeing the forced expression on Adelbrand's face, Berengar struggled to contain his laughter; ultimately, he decided to stride back and forth in front of the man before telling him the truth.

"Honestly, he is an imbecile and a coward. I am much more impressed with your actions to defend your lands. Albeit leaving the people to their fate was not the best idea, but I know you could not contend with the Bavarians in the field, and thus your actions were the best of a bad situation. If you had met them in the field, you would have been soundly defeated, and Salzburg would have truly fallen to the enemy."

Seeing the pained expression on Berengar's face, Adelbrand instantly began to fear the results of his actions and thus asked Berengar about what had happened in the County while he and the other Lords of the realm hid behind their large stone walls.

"How bad is it?"

Berengar clicked his tongue before responding.

"Tsk... Most of the villages I have come across were massacred and burnt to the ground; not even the fields or livestock were spared..."

Adelbrand immediately felt great remorse for this fact and slammed his fist upon the armrest of his seat of power while clenching his teeth. He could not believe the Bavarians would be so cruel as to do such a thing. Thus he cried out at the top of his lungs!

"Those bastards!"

There was not much the man could do to calm his nerves, but releasing his pent-up anxiety through violent expression was the best he could manage. Seeing the man's twisted guise, Berengar knew that Adelbrand was a man who cared more about his land and the people in it than Wolfgang. Thus he was more likely to favor Berengar's reforms, and as such, Berengar wanted him as an ally. After coming to such a realization Berengar quickly proposed a plan that would benefit both of them.

"It is not your fault, the majority of your father's forces were lost in Passau, and your brother hid with the remainder of your elite units in Steiermark. You were left with a bunch of levies and greenhorns to protect your lands. You did your best to protect the cities and the fortresses of your territory. If anyone should be blamed for this disaster, it is your brother Wolfgang!"

Hearing Berengar shift the blame for the disaster that had befallen Salzburg onto his brother made Adelbrand more amicable to the words that came next; as such, he perked up his ears and listened to Berengar's plot.

"Go on..."

Berengar smiled wickedly when he realized that he had gained the man's attention, and thus he declared his intent.

"I have been named Regent of Duke Conrad of Austria, when we have retaken these lands, I will hold your older brother responsible for the events that have transpired here in Salzburg and will proclaim him as having failed to fulfill his vassal duties. I will strip him of his title and hand it over to you."

Adelbrand was shocked by this information, he was unaware that a government in exile had been set up in Kufstein, but hearing it brought him a sense of hope for the future. If he could succeed his late father, instead of his foolish and incompetent older brother, then maybe he could restore Salzburg to its former state. However, he knew such a thing would not come without a price, and thus he inquired about Berengar's intentions.

"And what pray tell, do you receive from such a thing?"

Berengar once more smiled as he heard the man take the bait and thus elaborated further on his plans for the future.

"Well, for starters, I get a competent subordinate, but more importantly, I will need your support at a later date. In the upcoming years, I have many reforms in mind to help establish Austria as a serious power, and with that in mind, I will need a man of your position to back them without question. So long as you support my future endeavors, the position of Count of Salzburg will be yours..."

Adelbrand thought deeply on the matter for a few moments; however, ultimately, he agreed to Berengar's request, and thus shook his hand, sealing the deal.

"Alright, I will agree to your conditions. Whatever you need from me, you shall have it!"

Hearing the man accept his terms caused Berengar to grin with anticipation; soon enough, Austria would be his, and he could then focus on unifying the German Empire! Everything was going according to his plans.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199: Victory in Kärnten
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After establishing an alliance with Adelbrand von Salzburg, Berengar pursued the remnants of the Bavarian forces that remained within the County of Salzburg. It took him a span of two weeks to thoroughly mop up the Bavarian remnants before he was complete with his conquest of the region.

During this time, Eckhard had engaged in various small-scale battles against the Bavarian forces, who until now had occupied the County of K?rnten. Much like in Salzburg, the Bavarians were quickly crushed; however, since Salzburg was cut off, they had nowhere to retreat. The Bavarian's only option was to hide behind the stone walls of the central city in the region, which was Klagenfurt.

Thus Eckhard had pursued them and was now in the position of setting up a siege camp outside of the city. Much like Berengar had done during the latter days of his campaign in Tyrol, a trench line that was supported with barbed wire and sandbags surrounded the encampment. The 70 cannons were placed within them and continued to batter several critical sections of the large stone walls.

One hundred forty shells pounded the stone walls of the city of Klagenfurt every minute, rapidly deteriorating their condition. At the current rate of fire, it would be less than 24 hours before the City walls crumbled, leaving the defending Bavarians open to the musket fire of the Tyrolean forces. Thus Eckhard was watching from afar as the stone walls were chipped at one shell at a time.

The Tyroleans stayed in the trenches, providing them with superior protection as they waited for the enemy walls to crumble down. Minute after minute, hour after hour, the repeated shelling of the city echoed in the distance, and the soldiers observed the sight of stones splitting apart from the walls in and outside of the city.

Eckhard was enjoying a glass of tea in his command tent when he finally heard the loud crumbling of the walls; as such, he quickly finished his serving before placing his helmet on his head and entering the fray. Outside of the city, with the walls having crumbled in six major sections on all sides of the town, the Tyroleans and their allies had marched over the trench line and into the battle as they began to chant their warcry which echoed through the air.

"God with us! God with us! God with us!"

The Tyrolean army shouted the phrase repeatedly as if they were in a mad trance; even their allies began to join in after a while. The sight of roughly 25,000 men outside the city walls, chanting the battle cry in unison frightened the Bavarian defenders to the core. However, they knew now that there was no retreat; they either defended the city or died in the process; those were their only two options.

As such, the battle had begun, and the Tyroleans unleashed musket fire on the defending lines that stood at the gaps in between the city walls. After a few volleys, the Tyroleans fixed their bayonets and allowed the Vorarlberg and Steiermark forces to charge into the fray. For now, the Tyroleans would have to focus on the defenders atop the ramparts.

The siege quickly became chaotic as the Austrian army forced their way into the gaps of the city walls and over the blood-stained corpses of the men who had fallen victim to the musket fire. Medieval forces clashed among each other as the Austrian soldiers valiantly fought to reclaim the city of Klagenfurt from the Bavarian occupiers.

Eckhard gazed from afar with his spyglass as he saw the heavily armored Steiermark infantry act as the vanguard, the courageous men pushed their way into the fray and began to use their blunt and bladed weapons to slash and hack at their foes in a gruesome display of violence.

Count Otto personally led the charge wielding a Warhammer in his hand, which he used to smash against the helmet of a nearby opponent; the deadly blow crunched the steel helmet beneath it and fractured the opponents' skull leaving him dead on the spot.

On the other side of the city was Cout Audegar, who wielded a longsword. The two Counts valiantly led their forces into battle from opposite directions as they cut away at the Bavarian points dwelled within the city. Audegar parried and oncoming sword thrust before adeptly counter-attacking with a lunge through the opponent's mail aventail, piercing the man's throat and ending his life.

The chaotic scene of the ongoing siege was caught by Eckhard's spyglass, who grinned at the sight. Soon enough, victory would be theirs. As for the Tyrolean forces they managed to stay back from the front lines and repeatedly fired their shots towards the enemies in the ramparts above whenever an opportunity presented itself. Any Bavarian who was foolish enough to poke his head over the merlons was quickly gunned down.

Eventually, the Bavarians were overwhelmed by the onslaught and pushed further and further into the city. The Austrians had now secured the gates of the city, as well as the walls beside them. With that in mind, Eckhard ordered the Tyrolean infantry to barge into the city. Now was the time for the Tyrolean line Infantry and Grenadiers to shine.

As such, the Tyrolean infantry rushed into the city, forming firing lines, and gunning down the fleeing Bavarians who desperately dashed to the center of the city in hope of some kind of reinforcement. The volleys rapidly shot down the Bavarian soldiers, and their bodies were cast aside in the street, bleeding out onto the roads.

Eckhard had personally entered the fray, marching into the city like a conquering General; the veteran Field Marshal had an aura of authority around him that was second only to Berengar's. Yet the young Count was not present at this battle, and thus it was Eckhard's charisma that carried the Austrian forces to victory.

As the Bavarians fled closer and closer to the center of the city, they were finally surrounded by the Austrians on all sides; if the Tyroleans desired, they could unleash a volley from 360 degrees and annihilate the enemy. However, Eckhard smelled a chance for profit and quickly ordered his troops as he entered the scene.

"Hold your fire! Hold your fire!"

Seeing that the Austrians had held their position but could slaughter them at any moment, the Bavarian Commander called out to the man who had given the orders.

"Are you the leader of this army?"

Eckhard merely nodded at the Commander as he held his sword within his hand.

"I advise you to surrender; it would be pointless to lose any more of your men in this vein struggle of yours!"

The enemy commander merely opened up the visor of his helmet and spat on the ground.

"You are nothing more than a minion of Berengar the Accursed that makes you a servant of the devil!"

Hearing these words, Eckhard frowned; it would appear that the enemy commander was a pious man who took his orders from the Pope. The new Pope had declared that anyone who surrenders to a Heretic shall be doomed to eternal damnation. To a true believer like the enemy commander, he would rather die than risk his soul by surrendering to those he perceived to be Heretics.

Seeing that the man was not going to surrender, Eckhard merely sighed before giving a dreadful order to his soldiers who had gathered around the Bavarians with their muskets pointed in the direction.

"Open fire!"

with that, a volley was fired from all angles, shredding apart the remaining Bavarian troops. Not a single member of the defending army had survived the siege. Seeing such pointless death, Eckhard could not prevent himself from complaining.

"Pious fool! I hope you burn for eternity for leading your men to such a cruel fate!"

As for Otto and Audegar, who witnessed the ruthless execution of the surviving Bavarians, they felt no pity. These men had invaded their lands and set the Duchy aflame; death was well deserved in their eyes; Otto approached Eckhard and clasped the man on the soldier.

"You gave them a chance; that is all that matters. They got off lightly for what they have done to these lands..."

Eckhard merely shrugged the comforting hand aside as he looked into the sky and off into the direction of Bavaria. He knew that after Austria had been reclaimed, Bavaria would be Berengar's next target; soon enough, justice would be brought against the enemies of Austria. As for how it was handled, Eckhard could only guess what Berengar would do to the Bavarians after he conquered them.

The siege of Klagenfurt was over, and K?rnten, for the most part, was secured; several weeks had passed since the beginning of their campaign, and many lives were lost, precisely that of the Bavarians. Now Eckhard would leave behind a garrison to control these lands and march into Steiermark, where he would march through the safety of its grounds and into Upper Austria. As for Berengar, he and his massive army would march on Vienna and route out Duke Dietger and end his occupation of Austria once and for all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200: Assassinating an Enemy General
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

During Berengar and Eckhard's dual advancement upon the occupied regions of the Duchy of Austria, Linde had set Berengar's spy network to task with assassination and sabotage once more. At the moment, the same young female agent who had assassinated the Garrison commander at Meran was currently operating within the City of Vienna; she was just one of Berengar's many agents stationed within the Capital of the Duchy.

She had recently received a coded message that claimed Berengar had been successful in his campaign for Salzburg and would soon be marching his massive army into Lower Austria and, by extension, the City of Vienna. As such, she had been tasked by Linde to make preparations for his arrival.

At the moment, the young and beautiful agent was clutching onto the concealed handgun in her pocket, which was a pepperbox revolver. The device could fire seven shots in a short period and would be instrumental to her plans.

The woman was currently dressed as a common man, with her breasts bound by cloth to hide their size. She wore a hood over her head and had wrapped her long hair around her face tying it so that it looked like a beard at first glance.

Her task was a simple assassination; Since the successful capture of Vienna, Duke Dietger had returned to Northern Bavaria to fight against the House of Luxembourg and their allies in the North. In doing so, he has left a promising General in his stead; she was targeting his lead General, who at the moment was taking a walk through the city. As she approached the man from afar, she began to overhear the General conversing with another nobleman.

"Count Siegmund has been cleared of all suspicion; it has been revealed that Count Berengar of Tyrol had smuggled the Habsburg boy into his territory. The foolish child has declared himself the rightful Duke of Austria and has placed Count Berengar as his Regent.

The General talked to the Nobleman immediately scoffed as he heard such news and proudly declared his opinion.

"Count Berengar? Berengar the Accursed, as the Catholics call him, the Reformists refer to him as Berengar the Indomitable or Berengar the Conqueror; he has many nicknames. One thing is sure he remains undefeated in battle and has a large army.

Out of all the men sent to Salzburg, 5,000 men are the only ones to return from the region alive, even less from K?rnten. They say he alone has an army of 30,000 men at his back; you are renowned for being an able strategist. Tell me how this is remotely possible?"

The General sighed heavily before revealing his thoughts on the matter; it was something that he had thought about a great deal as the war continued to wage.

"Berengar had roughly 15,000 men in his field army when we first invaded Austria; this is not including the garrisons that he has fortified with hundreds of men each. In a few months, he has raised an extra 15,000 doubling his armies. He has a significant amount of wealth and heaven-defying industrial capabilities. As such, he can outfit every one of those men with proper equipment.

On top of this, his forces utilize some revolutionary form of hand cannon, which no surviving examples have been recovered; as such, we don't know how they function or how effective they are. By equipping his soldiers entirely with these weapons, he must have created a revolutionary set of tactics for them to work correctly. Thus there is no natural way of knowing how to counter them without trial and error. It is no wonder he continues to thwart our best efforts to stop his advance.

If the rumors are true about the might his army possesses, then invading Austria was a mistake; in my humble opinion, we should retreat to Bavaria until we can learn how to counter the advanced weapons and tactics he uses in his army. Yet, his grace Duke Dietger is determined to hold onto this land. Thus we have no choice but to defend it with our lives."

The General was greatly troubled by Berengar's rapid conquest of the Duchy; he had conquered critical areas and was now marching on the capital, as for the most southern Counties of Austria, the Bavarians had yet to make much progress in their occupation and had forced their troops to withdraw towards Vienna to face off against Berengar's incursion with their full might.

The female agent pretended like she was sweeping a nearby floor and listened intently to the conversation; if she could kill this General, the Bavarian forces in Austria would greatly suffer, and the reconquest of the region would be significantly affected. Thus she continued to act normal as the two Bavarian noblemen carried on their conversation, with the other Nobleman stating his opinions on the matter.

"We can't withdraw, but we also do not have enough men to defend Upper Austria; if I were you, I would pull out of the region and focus on defending Vienna; hopefully, with these walls as our support, we can defend the region well enough."

The General, however, sighed and shook his head.

"The longer Berengar's armies are split, the better chance we have to defend our territory. If the other 25,000 men from his forces and that of his allies regroup with him, we will be facing an army of roughly 45,000 men; by then, we will have no chance to defend the city. We will make our final stand here in Vienna, and if we fail... well, then hopefully, Dietger can learn from our mistakes and use the knowledge gained from this catastrophe to further defend against Berengar and his army in the future."

The two men sighed in defeat, fully realizing that they were not able to fulfill the orders they were given; if the opportunity presented itself, they would gladly surrender and be ransomed back to Bavaria, for now, all they could do was wait, for Berengar's arrival, and prepare for the best of their ability.

Unfortunately for the two noblemen, there was an assassin in the midst, and they had no idea that their conversation was being overheard. The female agent no longer desired to hear the conversation as it began to shift to banter; as such, she checked her pepperbox revolver to make sure it was loaded correctly and drew the hammer back before approaching the two men.

Before they had time to react, the spy pulled the revolver out of her pocket, pointed it square blank at the General and the Nobleman's chests, and fired two shots rapidly into their breastplates. They could not even withdraw their swords before their hearts had been pierced by the lead balls contained within the revolver.

Now that the sound of gunfire was overheard, The woman fled into the distance, leaving the two men to bleed out on the street corner with a look of shock in their eyes. Until now, they had no idea that Berengar still had spies in the city.

The last thoughts on the General's mind as his consciousness faded into the eternal abyss was one of deep regret; though it was brief, he had finally witnessed the exchange of one of Berengar's weapons. Unfortunately, he would be dead before he could report the information to Duke Dietger, and as such, shame was the only thing he felt right before he died.

As for the Agent, she swiftly left the scene, where she untied her hair around her face and changed her attire into something more feminine. Not a single soul expected a woman was the one who had assassinated the General, and thus she was spared the pain of relocating once more. Instead, she would continue in her efforts to Sabotage the Bavarians in the coming days as Berengar slowly approached the Capital of Austria.

For now, she wrote a coded message and sent it off with a carrier pigeon, where it would travel to Kufstein, and inform Linde that the operation was a success, the General and one of his commanders were dead, leaving Vienna in a power vacuum, as at the moment the various Bavarian commanders within the city would now be preoccupied with fighting among themselves for a position fo control.

With this one action, this spy had brought down the stability of the Bavarian's defense in Vienna; whoever succeeded the General in taking command would surely not be as promising a talent, and as such, would most likely ruin the security—allowing Berengar an easier time in reconquering the capital. As for the towns, cities, and Castles in upper Austria, they too were undergoing events of sabotage which greatly infuriated the Bavarian soldiers occupying the regions, and lowered their morale.

Berengar had long used his intelligence agents as both an offensive weapon, and a defensive shield. His ruthlessness in targeting key personnel for assassination and the sabotage of critical resources was one of his ways of claiming an advantage over his opponents. Unfortunately for them, Austria had long since been trapped in his web of intrigue. Thus he was always in a position of control during his campaign. This massive advantage was all thanks to the efforts of Linde, for if Berengar had to micromanage his Spynetwork himself, it would not nearly be this sophisticated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201: Causing Trouble
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was preparing to invade Lower Austria and march on Vienna, Linde was back in Kufstein looking after the family, including herself, Henrietta, and Hans. She was also keeping a close eye on Conrad, who had begun to act out; the longer the war went on, the more impatient the boy became.

At the moment, Conrad, Henrietta, and Linde were sitting at the dining table enjoying breakfast. As an act of disrespect to Berengar and to assert his authority while the man was away, Conrad sat in Berengar's spot next to Linde, which caused the woman to lash out at the youth instantly.

"Conrad, that seat is reserved for the head of this household and belongs to the Count of Tyrol! You should show some respect to people's positions and sit elsewhere!"

Despite Linde's protests, Conrad responded with a sharp tongue as he verbally attacked Linde in an attempt to shut her up.

"If this seat is reserved for the Count of Tyrol, then the seat you are seated in should be reserved for the Countess. Tell me, are you the Countess of Tyrol? Or are you merely the Count's mistress?"

At this point, Linde was outright furious at Conrad's behavior and stood up from her seat before slapping him across the face. The moment she did so, Conrad stared at her in disbelief before attempting to protest.

"What do you think you are-"

However, before he could finish his statement, Linde had slapped him once again. The moment she did so, Conrad raised from his seat with his fists curled and yelled at Linde,

"I am the Duke!"

The strawberry-blonde-haired youthful beauty with the appearance of a goddess merely smirked smugly at Conrad before chastising him.

"Then act like one!"

This statement irritated Conrad's nerves, and he raised his hand in an attempt to strike Linde for her actions, yet there was no fear in her eyes. Instead, a steel-clad hand latched ahold of Conrad's arm, preventing him from swinging his fist.

The boy quickly looked over and noticed a tall and strong man glaring at him with his denim blue eyes. The man had a musket slung around his shoulder and wore a blackened steel three-quarters plate armor set, with a german style three ridge burgonet. He was one of Berengar's house guards and was tasked with protecting the young Count's family from any potential harm.

Thus the moment Conrad took an aggressive stance, the guard acted and approached the young Duke before he could pounce on the woman. The boy who would be Duke nearly wet his pants when he gazed into the fierce eyes of the house guard, who tightly clenched onto his wrist. The guard spoke in a stern tone as he began to lecture the boy.

"Your Grace, her excellency is correct. That seat belongs to Count Berengar, and you would do well to remember that..."

After being lectured so thoroughly by the intimidating guard, Conrad lowered his head and clicked his tongue before leaving the table and storming off to the quarter's he was provided. After he was out of earshot, the guard looked over to Linde and fulfilled his duty by inquiring about her condition.

"Are you okay, My Lady?"

Linde smiled gracefully and nodded before responding to the man who had come to her aid.

"Yes, thank you for your assistance."

the guard smiled and bowed respectfully to Linde

"I am merely fulfilling my duty."

With that said, he returned to his post and began to watch over Linde and Henrietta as they continued their meal. Conrad would have to go hungry for the time being. Conrad, had ran off to his room, and on the way there, he walked past a door that had two armed guards in front of it. Many rooms in this castle were off-limit to the boy Duke, as Berengar did not want him messing around with his stuff.

This room, in particular, was Hans's room, where the infant child was protected around the clock by Berengar's most elite guards. Thinking about Berengar and Linde's bastard child, Hans muttered under his breath.

"This asshole has Adela as his fiancee, and yet he so blatantly allows that woman to occupy her seat; what an ass! If I were engaged to Adela, I would treat her far better!"

Though he said it quietly, his words did not go unnoticed by the guards. They took note of Conrad's discontent. Such hostility towards their Lord and Lady needed to be taken seriously, and they would later report Conrad's outburst to the Commander of the house guard when they were relieved later in the day.

As for Conrad, he returned to his room for a while, though eventually, he left the confines of his quarters and entered the Great Hall, where he gazed from afar at Linde and a Byzantine Nobleman discussing business with one another.

It was not Arethas who had arrived this time, but a man under his employ who represented his interests in Berengar's current trade agreements. This man was named Andronikos, and he was responsible for making sure the shipments of silk arrived in Kufstein within the agreed period. Thus, he was accepting payment from Linde, whose servants carried a large chest out for him to inspect.

Andronikos made small talk with Linde as his servants inspected the supplied amount of silver coins to ensure that it reached the formal agreement.

"Tell your husband that my liege looks forward to doing business with all of Austria after he returns from this war. The Empire greatly values its trade agreements with the Count of Tyrol."

Linde smiled gratefully at Andronikos' compliments before responding on her own

"I will be sure to inform him!"

however, shortly after saying that, Conrad approached the scene and interrupted, resulting in Linde's menacing glare.

"Why wait for Berengar to return? I am the Duke of Austria; if you want to discuss trade agreements within my land, you can do it with me!"

Andronikos looked over at the boy and closely observed him before coming to a decision. He quickly snubbed Conrad and returned his attention to Linde.

"As I was saying, my Liege greatly appreciates the business between Tyrol and the Empire; your husband should visit Constantinople when he gets the chance."

Outraged that he had been overlooked, Conrad quickly revealed Linde's status in the household in a fit of fury. Surely this would embarrass the woman, he thought to himself before speaking his piece.

"Linde is not Berengar's wife; she is merely his mistress. She does not hold such a valuable position, and you should not be conducting trade with a woman of her status!"

Andronikos was shocked by this news, though neither Berengar nor Linde had outright said they were married; they also never denied the charge, thus questioning Linde on this reality.

"Is what the boy says true?"

Rather than be embarrassed about the truth or outraged by the accusation, as Conrad had expected, Linde put on a smile and acted with perfect grace. She bowed respectfully to the Byzantine nobleman as she offered her apologies for misleading him.

"I apologize if there is a misunderstanding; while it is true that I am not Berengar's legal wife, and he is engaged to another woman, I do consider myself his wife in a deeply spiritual sense. Thus I never corrected you or your liege when referred to as his wife..."

Conrad was shocked by Linde's behavior, it went completely against the plan he had in mind to get revenge on her for slapping him twice this morning, and instead, Andronikos merely chuckled lightly at Linde's response before addressing her.

"Then Berengar is a lucky man to have a woman such as yourself so dedicated to him, despite not being his lawful wife; it is truly inspiring! Well, regardless of your actual position in the household, I will not look down on you; after all, you have been tasked by Berengar to oversee the matter of our trade while he is away and you have proven yourself relatively competent in that regard."

A gorgeous smile spread across Linde's immaculate lips as she thanked the man for the compliment.

"I appreciate it; I thank you from the bottom of my heart for your understanding!"

After the Byzantine servants had confirmed that the proper amount was in the chest, Andronikos bid farewell to Linde while completely ignoring Conrad.

"Well, your excellency, I must bid you farewell, it is a long journey back to the Empire, and I have to prepare the next shipment!"

Linde nodded and smiled as she led the man to the entrance of the Castle.

"I will pray for your safe travels! Tell your liege when you see him that we greatly appreciate the business and will continue to invest in the Empire!"

After hearing this, Andronikos smiled and left the Castle. As for Linde, the moment the doors were shut, she approached Conrad with a chilling smile before lecturing him.

"When I am speaking to guests with matters of importance, you would be wise to be a good little boy and stay far away from matters of the State. Do you understand?"

Conrad did not know why but he felt his spine tingle when he saw such a frightening yet, beautiful smile. He immediately became wary of Linde; the boy's impression of the young woman immediately changed from a brainless bimbo to a dangerous femme fatale. He thus became frightened of Berengar's lover and understood deeply that he should not provoke her in the future.

Thus all he could do was bow his head to the terrifying presence in front of him and return to his room in shame. Linde, on the other hand, had been significantly perturbed by the boy's actions and planned to poison him ahead of time; she refused to allow this brat to live a second longer than necessary. After all his antics had already become tiresome, she could not imagine living with such things for another three years.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202: Troubles at the Byzantine Court
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was fighting in Austria, events that would impact Berengar's future were occurring on the other side of the Christian World. In the east within the ancient city of Constantinople, Arethas Maniakes was kneeling within the Royal Palace before the Emperor of the Byzantine Empire. He was questioning the man about a particular area of interest.

Emperor Vetranis Palaiologos was the current Emperor of the Byzantine Empire; his ancestors had ruled over the Eastern Roman Empire for over a hundred years. He was in his early forties and already had a gray head of hair with a matching beard. The stress of overseeing the war with the Mamluke Sultanate, which reached a stalemate, had aged him drastically these past ten years.

However, for the first time in a long time, there was hope to turn the tides of war to his favor. Recently there had been developments in an obscure part of Europe, where the Count of Tyrol had developed an advanced industry and sold special equipment for a fair price to the Empire's forces.

Emperor Vetranis had no idea how Berengar von Kufstein had managed to create such a massive stockpile of high-quality steel, and yet he had personally witnessed the results. The enormous output that Berengar's factories were able to produce Mirror-Pattern armor was the likes that the Emperor had never seen before, and he had greatly desired to see Berengar's facilities for himself.

However, he could not very well travel to Kufstein, and thus he had to hear the details from his Strategos of Ionia, Arethas Maniakes, who had just entered the palace at the Emperor's request. Thus the two men were face to face within the Palace of Constantinople for the sole reason as to inquire about Berengar's production capabilities.

Strategos Arethas, it has been a while since I have last seen you. How have you been?"

Arethas was permitted to stand, and as such, he rose from his kneeling position as the Emperor approached him. It had been some time since he last saw the Emperor face-to-face, and thus he was incredibly thankful for the current opportunity.

The young Strategos grinned before returning the Emperor's greeting.

"I have been well since the last time we spoke; how are you faring, your majesty?"

The two men were quite friendly with one another as Emperor Vetranis immediately began complaining about his life.

"I have been better; for starters, my daughter grows more beautiful by the day, her charm has managed to attract the attention of suitors across not only the Christian world but the Islamic world as well. I swear the number of princes she has declined over the past year must be in the dozens. She seems to have high ambitions for her future husband and won't listen to my suggestions! Raising a daughter is too much of a hassle for this old heart of mine to bear!"

Arethas immediately began to laugh at the Emperor's comment and tried to cheer him up.

"You are not that old, your majesty; you are only forty-three!"

However, the Emperor merely scoffed before chastising Arethas

"If I were a commoner, I would be close to death by now!"

Hearing such a response, Arethas began to laugh before patting the Emperor on the back.

"Well, then we are lucky you are not, in fact, a commoner!"

As the two men walked through the palace and continued their conversation, Emperor Vetranis eventually brought up the topic he wanted to discuss.

"Arethas I wanted to discuss with you about your visit to Kufstein. Tell me, how is that upstart Count capable of producing so much steel?"

Arethas sighed heavily as he shook his head, his brunette hair glimmered under the light of the sun, as he cast a downtrodden expression before speaking.

"I genuinely wish I could tell you, but I was not allowed to see how he produced the steel, merely the facilities he used to transform it into arms and armor. It was a level of production I had never seen before. Even our national armories can not compare to the efficiency that the Tyroleans are capable of. "

The Emperor sighed when he heard this news; he began to speak in a regretful tone.

"Well, that is a shame; I was hoping we could learn something from the Count of Tyrol. I hear he is currently involved in a war for control of Austria. Do you know how that is going?"

Arethas kept close contact with Berengar; after all, the trade they shared was very lucrative for both parties. With the war for Austria going on, the man was greatly concerned about Berengar's safety. Thus he nodded his head and informed the Emperor a bit of what he knew.

"Berengar's armies are far better equipped than any force I have seen. When I was visiting, his city guards were equipped with plate armor that covered their heads, necks, torsos, and thighs. They also wielded strange hand cannon variants which were of an unknown design. If his boasts are true and all of his troops are equipped to such a degree, then the likelihood of him winning this war is huge. He also appeared to have mounted dozens of cannons on his city walls. So he seems to be capable of mass-producing such devastating weapons as well."

Emperor Vetranis was shocked when he heard such information, and thus he quickly asked Arethas about a new possibility that had formed in his mind.

"Tell me, Arethas, is it possible to purchase such equipment?"

Arethas shook his head and sighed once more; there was not much he could do about this matter; Berengar seemed keen to have a monopoly on such technology. Thus he answered truthfully to the Emperor.

"As far as I am aware, Count Berengar intends to hold onto such an advantage at any cost. I doubt he would be willing to sell such valuable technology in fear of it being reverse-engineered. One would either have to defeat his forces in battle and scavenge their weapons, or they would have to pay a great sum that was worth such risky trade. I do not foresee myself being able to convince him to sell us such weapons or the armor."

However, the Emperor was adamant about this issue and did not take Arethas' word at face value and instead insisted upon broaching the subject with Berengar.

"Could you at least try to purchase such weapons when you next see the Count of Tyrol? I hear his weapons have a devastating effect, rendering even plate armor useless! To have such an advantage over our enemies would aid in the ongoing efforts to restore our Empire."

Just as the Emperor was about to conclude his business with the Strategos of Ionia, a beautiful young girl appeared as she walked down the gildest staircase of the palace. She was dressed in a lavish purple silk dress with a bold golden pattern. She wore gold jewelry encrusted with amethyst across her neck, wrists, and waist.

The girl was no older than fifteen and had long chocolate hair tied up into an elegant ponytail. Her eyes were mint green in color, and her skin was as white as milk, despite her Greco-roman Heritage. Though she was not as busty as Linde or Adela's sisters, she was, in fact, perfectly proportioned, and her silk dress clung to her exquisite curves.

As she descended from the staircase, she had a scowl on her face. Something was upsetting this angelic beauty from the east. She instantly began to criticize the Emperor when she noticed his presence.

"Father! How can you engage me to the Prince of France? Aubry is so feminine that he is practically a woman! I won't stand for it!"

The Byzantine Emperor sighed heavily while looking at Arethas with a look that expressed his thoughts, those being, "See what I mean?"

By now, he had attempted to engage his daughter to over a dozen princes from various countries across the world, and she had a complaint about every one of them. Sooner or later, the Princess would say something along the lines of "I would rather kill myself than marry that man," thus forcing the Emperor to acquiesce to her demands.

This time he decided to put his foot down and enforce his will; after all, he was Emperor, and sooner or later, she would have to find a husband. Thus he put on a calm and gentle facade as he tried to coerce his girl into marrying the effeminate Frenchman.

"Honoria my only daughter, Aubry is the epitome of Western Chivarly; he is also the Heir to the French Throne. You will be a Queen if you marry him. It will also guarantee a powerful alliance for our Dynasty!"

However, the beautiful Princess, Honoria, refused to listen to her father's glib tongue and instead scoffed before make a rather rude retort.

"Queen of France!?! You have to be kidding me! Who would want to be Queen of a backwater Kingdom like that? How much are they paying you to sell me off as if I were mere cattle?"

Seeing the reaction on her father's face, she knew she had hit the nail on the head. He had for sure been paid a significant sum to sell her off to the prince of France. A man she was almost certain was a homosexual. If not, he was the girliest looking straight man she had ever seen. As such, she was more adamant about refusing this marriage proposal than any other before. However, she had already cried wolf enough times that her father would no longer allow her to refuse.

This time it was the Emperor who scowled in response to Honoria's strong words. Thus he began to chastise her as he made it abundantly clear she would be wed off to the future King of France.

"Enough is enough; you have turned down so many other candidates that this is my last option. You are my daughter and the Princess of the Empire. You will do what you are told!"

After hearing these words, tears began to fill in the girl's mint-colored eyes before she ran back upstairs in a fit of rage. However, before she left, she made sure to scream a set of hurtful words to her father.

"I hate you!"

After she was gone, the Emperor let out a heavy sigh and sat down at the nearest seat. He was getting too old to deal with his daughter's childish behavior. Thus he looked at Arethas and shifted the topic back to Tyrol.

"I am getting too old for this; promise me you will at least attempt to purchase Count Berengar's weapons the next time you see him!"

Having witnessed such a display just now, Arethas was in no mood to decline the Emperor and as such nodded his head. A wry smile appeared on the Emperor's face before dismissing Arethas

"Good... Good, well, I must scold my errant daughter. I will entrust this task to your capable hands. Until we meet again, Arethas."

Arethas quickly bowed with respect before departing; as he did so, he left behind a weary old Emperor and a delinquent Princess to further argue about their petty squables.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203: East-West Relations
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While the war in Austria raged on, the Byzantines were not the only ones paying close attention to the conflict. The Catholic Church and the new Pope were watching the events with keen interest. The successor to Simeon and Avillius was a wise and intelligent man who now went by the name Lucius who completely disagreed with his predecessors' approach when dealing with the so-called Berengar Heresy.

However, the German Reformation had already declared its separation from the Catholic Church, and there was not much more he could do now other than an attempt to squash it through military force. Negotiations would have been a significant first step, but the time for talking was already too far gone.

With the Teutonic Order busy with its fight in the east against the Golden Horde, and the Knights Hospitaller fighting in North Africa against the Mamluke Sultanate, he was left with no option other than to create new Military Orders and recruit from the ranks of the European Knighthood to put down the rising influence of the German Reformation.

Though he had yet to outright call for a new crusade to deal with this issue, he was currently in the process of establishing new Military Orders to combat the threat of Berengar the Accursed and his heresy. At the moment, a large group of Welsh Knights was standing in front of the new Pope, their surcoat was green with a red maltese cross upon it, and they were being christened as the first members of the Order of the Red Dragon.

The King of England was an avid supporter of the Catholic Church and its ongoing efforts to crush the Berengar Heresy. Many knights from Wales were particularly attracted to the idea of taking up a new crusade against the German duchies and driving the Berengar Heresy into extinction. Thus at the moment, five hundred different Knights from across Wales were gathered in the Vatican kneeling before the Pope.? Pope Julius spoke a chant in Latin before announcing to the Knights gathered before him.

"Rise Knights of the Red Dragon!"

After saying such a thing, the Knights rose from their kneeling position and stood firmly in front of the Pope, as his newest Military Order. They waited silently for the Pope to give his speech.

"As a Monastic Order of Knights, your goal will be to recruit as many followers as you can in the coming years from England; we will need your expertise in the war that is to come! The Berengar Heresy can not be allowed to thrive! Go forth, and raise your strength; when the time is necessary, I shall call upon you for crusade!"

The Knights saluted the Pope before shouting the Latin phrase

"Deus Vult!"

after doing so, they left the Vatican. They began their extended return home to Wales, where they would spend the next few years gathering their strength to March on Austria and the other regions of Germany which the Berengar Heresy has afflicted.

As the Crusaders left the building, Pope Lucius collapsed back into his papal throne and sighed heavily; he was completely and utterly exhausted. However, there was more on his menu to prepare for, and when his secretary approached him, he merely asked the question on his mind.

"How many is that now?"

The secretary held up a pair of primitive eyeglasses to his face before peering into the ledger; after doing so, he proudly declared.

"That would be the fifth Military Order you have approved of since assuming your position your holiness."

Pope Lucius began to rub his temples to ease his growing headache before voicing his unfiltered opinion aloud.

"That idiot Simeon has left me with an enormous mess to clean up. That moron must have terrible timing to pick a fight with a Count while all of the Military Orders are at war!"

The secretary immediately began to correct the Pope as he pushed the spectacles further upon his nose.

"To be fair, your holiness, Berengar was just a Baron's Regent when he killed the inquisitors that were sent to deal with him."

Lucius immediately began to roll his eyes at his assistant when he voiced his complaints.

"Oh yes, silly me, how could I possibly forget the fact that we sent assassins to eliminate Berengar von Kufstein, the rightful heir of Kufstein because we were afraid that he might resist the Church's influence In Kufstein! It is almost as if sending those damned inquisitors provoked him into taking such drastic measures. Am I the only sane person left in the Vatican?"

The secretary did not know how to respond; he was aware that Lucius blamed his predecessors for the problems at hand, but what he just said was borderline heresy. After all the words Lucius spoke made it seem like it was entirely the Church's fault that Berengar caused such a massive divide. As such, the secretary chose to ignore the Pope's comments and instead focus on the next issue at hand.

"Your holiness, the Patriarch of Constantinople, has just arrived and is waiting for you outside. Should I bring him in?"

Pope Lucius looked at the secretary as if he were an absolute dullard before asking him a rhetorical question.

"What do you think?"

Seeing the displeased look in the Pope's eyes, the secretary quickly hurried off to bring the Patriarch into the chambers. After a few moments, he returned with a lavishly dressed priest who was the leading authority of the Eastern Orthodox Church. The man did not bow before the Pope and instead spoke formally to Lucius.

"Congratulations on the promotion Lucius. It has been a while since we last met."

Lucius stood up and approached the patriarch with a friendly gesture before speaking to the man on friendly terms.

"It is good to see you, Petrus; I must say these are dire times we find ourselves in."

However, as Lucius approached the man named Petrus, the Patriarch backed away and snubbed Lucius' good gesture while adding insult to injury with his harsh words.

"These are dire times you find yourself in. Though I may disagree with the German Reformation, and frankly, I find them to be heretics. Count Berengar has provided great assistance to the Empire, and for that, we will not get involved in your affair."

Lucius had a worried expression on his face as he asked the Patriarch of Constantinople about his concerns.

"You mean to tell me you will not aid us? After all the west has done to support the reconquest of your Empire? Our knights still bleed for you in Egypt!"

However, Petrus merely chuckled at the Pope's response.

"Funny, the last time I checked, one of your precious military orders went about slaughtering their way through Moscow, which was filled with the people of our denomination. Yet, the Pope did nothing to stop them. I will be frank with you, Lucius, we do not have military orders as you do, so the Orthodox Church can not provide you military assistance, you would have to request it from the Emperor, and he is keen on establishing ties with Count Berengar, so your chances are slim."

Lucius immediately felt his headache grow three times larger as he heard this news; he thought to himself for a few minutes as he once more rubbed his temples before coming up with an idea.

"Well, can you at least release a statement referring to the German Reformation as heretics? Or possibly help us fund new Military Orders?"

Petrus was blunt with his rejection with further infuriated the new Pope.

"Can I? Yes. Will I? No. Such acts would only antagonize Berengar, who is at the head of the German Reformation, and I don't know about you but, frankly, I do not want such a man as my enemy, nor do I wish to incur the Emperor's wrath by souring relations between the two of them. You are on your own Lucius, at most, I can pray for your success."

Lucius could hardly believe his ears, he was hoping for some kind of support from the Church in the east, yet they had so blatantly rejected him; prayers? What good were prayers? He needed iron and flesh if he wanted to get rid of these heretics who had begun to infest Christendom. Since when had prayers won battles?

After hearing Petrus's response, Lucius's expression soured, and he began to shift the topic to other concerns.

"I see; well, I hope you enjoy your stay in the Vatican for the time being. Make sure to bring my regards to the Emperor the next time you see him."

Petrus nodded before responding.

"I will do so."

After these words were stated, the Patriarch of Constantinople left the building and proceeded onto some leisurely business. As for Pope Lucius, he had returned to his papal throne, where slumped into its comfort and placed his head into his hands before screaming intensely into them. Just why was it that nothing seemed to be going his way? Did God genuinely favor the German Reformation? These were the thoughts he considered as his mind slowly drifted into space.

The Orthodox Church's rejection to aid the Catholic Church in any way as they attempted to deal with Berengar and his German Reformation would be a great point of contention between the West and Eastern Churches. It would also unwittingly foster relations between Berengar and the Byzantine Empire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204: The Fields of Vienna
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was mounted on his trusty steed as he gazed off into the distance. In his field of view were the borders of Lower Austria and his final destination in this conflict. While Eckhard laid siege to every corner of Upper Austria currently occupied by the Bavarians, Berengar would march on Vienna with nearly 20,000 men.

Berengar vowed that after he finally won this war, he would do two things immediately, develop a new weapon, and start building a great navy. Though Conrad might protest his every action, ultimately, as Regent, he had the power to accomplish these things. Besides, Conrad would live another few years at best.

As such, he greatly desired to finish this war and focus on consolidating his territorial gains as quickly as possible. To Berengar, war was a means to settle disputes and acquire territory; the more critical aspect was the development of the land after the fighting had ceased. As a visionary, he had grand plans to construct an Empire that would last a thousand years.

For now, he needed to take Austria and establish his dominion over the region, and that was precisely what he planned to do. With the death of the enemy General at the hands of Berengar's assassin, a nobleman had taken his place and decided that the best course of action to stop Berengar's siege of Vienna was simple, they would sally forth and deal with his army once and for all. They would use the citizens of Vienna as human shields.

Thus as Berengar and his army entered Lower Austria, they saw a large force gathered, close to thirty thousand in total. The citizens of Vienna had been conscripted by the Bavarians and armed with anything that could remotely be used as a weapon. They were placed in the vanguard so that they could soak up the bullets of Berengar's forces, allowing their main troops to survive the initial onslaught and close the distance.

Seeing the enemy formation, Berengar began to frown, he would prefer not to slaughter over 10,000 of Austria's citizens, but this would be not easy to avoid. The Bavarian forces were behind the vanguard of Austria's common folk and nudged them forward with their spears, bills, and blades. This was not a good situation. As such, Berengar contemplated for a few moments before coming up with a course of action. Thus he rode towards his Artillery units and gave his commands.

"Ready your guns, and aim towards the rear of the enemy formation. I want the levies to remain as unharmed as possible. We will break their rearguard and allow the citizens of Vienna to flee!"

Hearing their Lord and Commander's orders, the Artillery officers quickly set to the task of ordering the Artillery regiment to unhitch their cannons and deploy them in position. They were raised to a specific elevation to act as howitzers where the shells would be fired into an arc and land at the rear of the Bavarian formation, sparing as many levies live as possible.

This was a tactic they had yet to employ on the battlefield. Thus the Bavarians were not expecting such a thing as such Berengar left the artillery to their own devices and rode to the front of the infantry formation where he began to shout his orders to the infantry.

"Try your best not to harm the levies, when the guns go off and batter the Bavarian ranks, allow the Levies to disperse before firing upon the remaining Bavarian troops, those are most likely the civilians of Vienna, and we should not harm our people if we can avoid it! God with us!"

The soldiers under Berengar's command all began to shout their infamous war cry in unison.

"God with us! God with us! God with us!"

Afterward, Berengar raised his sword and gave another command.

"Foward march!"

Under the thunder of cannon fire, the Tyrolean infantry began to march towards the enemy position. The Bavarians sneered as they figured Berengar had decided to eliminate the citizen levies at the front of the formation. However, when the shells fell from the sky and landed among their ranks, the Bavarian forces quickly began to panic.

They were not expecting the shells to land behind their vanguard and devastate their ranks, completely disregarding the plan they had made. Two hundred eighty shells were fired every minute into the Bavarian formations, and their order quickly began to collapse. Blood, steel, and bone flew in every direction as the Tyrolean artillery battered the infantry lines.

Seeing that the Bavarians were in a state of panic, the citizens who were drafted into service of the Bavarians quickly began to flee the battlefield. Some were caught and stabbed by the men behind them, but most could escape the slaughter. Now that Berengar had bought the citizens of Vienna enough time to run, he began to lead the cavalry in a charge on the enemy position.

While he led the cavalry to attack the Bavarian flanks, his line infantry had begun to form ranks and fire upon the Bavarians who charged at their formations. Seeing their plans had come to ruin, the Bavarian commander ordered a full-scale charge; he intended to overwhelm the Tyrolean infantry before they could deal too much damage with their superior firepower.

As such, the Minie Ball projectiles fired out of the muzzles of their rifled muskets and into the ranks of the enemy. Piercing through their breastplates and dropping them where they stood, yet this did not stop the charge of the Bavarian men at arms, they knew their only chance was to engage in close-quarters combat with the enemy, and thus they ran as quickly as they could into the line of fire, hoping the bullets missed them and allowed them to attack the enemy.

The Tyrolean forces fired off only a few volleys before they could engage in melee combat with the Bavarians. As such, bayonets and spears began to clash among each other in a chaotic display of violence. While this was ongoing, Berengar was riding his mighty steed quickly, leading a charge of cuirassiers, lancers, and hussars who had all prepared to clash with the flanks of the enemy formation.

The Bavarian infantry quickly raised their spears and other polearms in response to the oncoming cavalry charge, which would typically be enough to deter the horses, however, just when they were within firing distance, Berengar and his cuirassiers raised their pistols where they proceeded to fire into the spear wall, battered the lines with musket balls, and claiming the lives of hundreds if not thousands of men.

The Hussars had fired their carbines from a distance into the ranks and dealt a great deal of damage to the enemy formation. There were hardly any spears raised at this point, and the cavalry unleashed their swords and lances onto the Bavarian flanks crushing through their lines in the process.

Berengar unleashed his heavy cavalry saber into the enemy infantry before him; while parrying an oncoming blow, he made a thrust directly into the opponent's eye, claiming his life in the process. His new steed was heavily armored and surrounded by hundreds of other horses who crashed into the enemy formation. Thus both he and his horse were relatively safe, as they trampled the enemy infantry and ruthlessly cut them into ribbons.

The Bavarian commander gazed upon the battlefield with fury in his heart as he realized that his flanks had been crushed, allowing the Tyrolean infantry to fill the gaps, and encircle the remaining troops. As such, he made a rash decision and fled the battlefield and back to Vienna. The majority of their army had been lost in this battle, and though it was still ongoing, he refused to be captured alive.

While the Bavarian commander was fleeing the battlefield, Berengar was leading the charge as he slashed down at an archer's neck, which was left uncovered, decapitating the man in the process. Berengar's heavy cavalry sword was fully capable of lopping off heads from horseback and yet had a fine enough point to pierce through most armor.

The exhilaration he felt as he once more engaged on the battlefield filled Berengar's heart with joy; what was the point of life he could not obtain such an adrenaline rush! Warfare was like a drug to him, and he could not get enough of it. The feeling of risking his life in pursuit of higher glory, the adrenaline and endorphins that flooded his system and made him feel like a living god, this was what it meant to be alive.

As such, he did not fear the possibility of death as he parried a spear's thrust with his sword and stabbed his blade into the gaps in the opponent's helmet, lodging the cold steel edge into the enemy's skull before ripping it out and slashing at another combatant.

As the cavalry converged on the Bavarian lines and trampled across their ranks, the Tyrolean infantry gained the upper hand in the grand melee and quickly cut down the Bavarians. Bayonets thrust into the weak points in the enemy's armor, spilling blood and bile across the field.

As the massacre unfolded, the Bavarian forces began to route. Berengar took advantage of and led his cavalry to run them down, Lances thrust through the backs of the enemy, and swords pierced through their mail armor and into their hearts. Many of the Bavarian soldiers were not equipped with backplates, so it was a vulnerable area that had been exposed in their hasty retreat.

Thus the cavalry had an easy time slaying those who fled the scene. As the Tyrolean cavalry mopped up the routers, the main force of the Bavarian army struggled to maintain their defense. Yet, when the grenadiers lobbed their grenades behind the Bavarian formation, they could no longer hold the line and quickly collapsed as the explosion rocked them to their core.

The grenades exploded one after another, devastating the defensive position the Bavarians had set up, and in the end, those who survived the blast were run through with bayonets. The result of the battle was a complete and total slaughter. Though Berengar's army had suffered casualties, it paled in comparison to the losses the Bavarians sustained on this day.

With this victory, Berengar was one step away from claiming Vienna and ending the Bavarian occupation of Austria. Though the war would not be over, after all, the fight for Austria was just one of many ongoing conflicts in the greater war for Germany.

During this war that was bound to take years to finish, Berengar would use his power to expand his territory vastly and come out as the man on top. Conquering Vienna and become Duke of Austria was just the start of his grand ambition.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205: The Bavarians Surrender
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the battle in the fields outside of the city of Vienna, the Bavarian General who led the forces in Austria was no longer eager to fight Berengar and the overwhelming power of his armies, for to do so meant certain death. While Berengar marched every closer to Vienna's gates, the Bavarian General was discussing with his remaining commanders as to the best course of action.

A group of Bavarian noblemen was currently bickering about their options; one man, in particular, was tall and robust and voiced his thoughts in a boisterous manner.

"We must defend the Capital with everything we have! We have bled too much to accept defeat! If Vienna is to fall back into the control of the Austrians, then we shall make sure the enemy commander dies with us!"

However, after speaking his passionate speech, the Lord found that not a single person within the room agreed with his opinion; instead, he was instantly chastised by another nobleman who appeared to be the exact opposite of the tall, strong Lord in appearance. This feeble and meek Viscount quickly retorted

"Have you gone mad? Our army is defeated, we have even pulled out all of our forces from the southern Counties for this battle, and Berengar's ungodly weapons thoroughly smashed us! This is a war that can not be won! I suggest we surrender; Berengar is known to show mercy to those who willingly submit to his will; it is the best course to escape with our lives!"

However, the other nobleman was fearful of the consequences of such actions and, as such, pointed out his concerns at the first opportunity.

"Do you believe Duke Dietger will be merciful if we surrender Vienna and pull out all of our forces from Austrian lands? He will be outraged that we so thoroughly screwed up his conquest! Either way, we will face certain death; it is better to go out fighting!"

The two noblemen continued to bicker among themselves as the current General of all Bavarian forces within Austria listened to the opinions of his various commanders while entranced in deep thought. He did not know the best course of action, but the odds of survival were much higher by retreating. They had already lost far too many men to hold onto Austria, even if they successfully defended Vienna.

Eventually, the debate reached the point where the two noblemen were about to clash with one another, and thus the Bavarian General spoke up about the decision he had made.

"Raise the white flag; when Berengar arrives in Vienna, I will negotiate safe passage for all Bavarians within Austrian lands, back to Bavaria. The war is lost, and I will take full responsibility for our surrender!"

Hearing that the General would accept the blame for their monumental loss, the other noblemen instantly sighed in relief. As such they were much more amicable to the idea of retreating to Bavaria; with that said the meeting was concluded, and the commanders set the task for the few defenders left in the city to raise the white flag.

...

It took Berengar a few days to arrive at Vienna after his victory outside the city, mainly because he had to round up all of the equipment and bodies of his dead soldiers. Berengar would never leave such valuable technology to be scavenged and reverse engineered; as such, he spent the time to recover what was lost after every battle. More importantly, he regained his own soldier's bodies so that they could be afforded a proper burial back in Tyrol.

After arriving at the gates of Vienna, Berengar was quite shocked to see the white flag was raised. His overwhelming performance on the battlefield and his assassinations of the enemy commanders had frightened the Bavarians to the point of negotiating surrender. Of course, Berengar would never allow a white peace; he would force the Bavarian General to sign a heavily punitive peace agreement that would force severe stipulations upon the Bavarians for their crimes against the Austrian people.

If Duke Dietger did not accept such terms that his General would sign, it would give Berengar yet another valid Cassus Belli to invade Bavaria when he was ready to do so. Of course, it would be a few years before he could secure his reign in Austria and stabilize the situation; he was also expecting some Papal backlash in the coming years in response to his rapid rise to power. Thus he would not further expand his territory until all internal and external problems had been dealt with.

Berengar quickly gave an order to Arnulf as he gazed upon the white flag flying brilliantly into the clear blue sky above the mighty city walls of Vienna.

"Fetch me, my white flag, we will force these Bavarians to pay an exorbitant price for their crimes in Austria. It is time for some aggressive negotiations."

Arnulf quickly nodded and gave the order for the troops to fetch the white flag; after doing so, it was brought to Berengar, where he held it and rode out with his host, which consisted of himself, Arnulf, several of his commanders, and the necessary troops to secure his safety, all of which were battle-hardened grenadiers.

Seeing that Berengar and his host were riding out with a white flag, the gates of Vienna opened, and the Bavarian General rode out with his host, where they would meet the Tyrolean forces in the middle ground between Berengar's army and the city defenders.

After reaching a middle ground, the two parties stuck their white flags into the ground and began negotiating the Bavarians' terms of surrender. The Bavarian General was the first to speak his mind upon seeing Berengar in the flesh.

"I am Count Kuonrat von? Roth, I assume you are the fabled Count Berengar von Kufstein?"

Berengar smiled as he nodded his head before responding to the man's question.

"A pleasure to make your acquaintance."

Berengar's tone was overtly sarcastic, to the point where Kuonrat merely rolled his eyes upon hearing it and began to declare his intentions.

"As Marshal of the Bavarian forces in Austria, I hereby declare my intent to surrender to you Count Berengar von Kufstein under the conditions that all Bavarian soldiers left in Austrian lands be allowed safe passage back to our homeland!"

Berengar's lips began to curl wickedly as he heard this, and he thus began his intense negotiation.

"I will allow that under the condition that reparations are paid for the damages dealt to Austria by your armies and that the realm of Bavaria and its reigning authority swear by God not to invade our lands for at least another five years!"

The General's face scrunched as he heard these terms; he did not have the authority to establish these concessions on his own fully, they would have to be brought to Duke Dietger to do so, but being aware of Berengar's personality if he did not accept some concessions, then he and his men would not be allowed to return home alive. Thus the most he could do was agree to these terms and hoped the Duke Dietger honored them. As such, the man sighed heavily before addressing the point of reparations.

"How much do you desire to be paid?"

Hearing the man so easily accept Berengar's terms and begin to negotiate a price, Berengar knew the man was desperate to return to Bavaria and thus started with an absurd figure.

"A hundred tons of silver, I believe that is a price well worth the damage you have caused to Austria! You can pay it in installments over five years if necessary."

Berengar's whole intent was not to receive payment or secure a peace agreement but to give him an overwhelming justification for his future invasion of Bavaria. Though the damage destruction wrought upon Austria was in itself justification enough, he did not want to appear as a warmonger so early in his rise to power and thus needed to look like he was responding to a broken treaty rather than as an act of conquest.

When the Bavarian General heard such an unreasonable demand, his jaw nearly dropped; there was no way Bavaria could afford such reparations, a hundred tons was 200,000 pounds. That weight in silver was an astronomical figure. As such, he quickly began to debate with Berengar over the figure he cited.

"At most, we can afford 10 tons; 100 is simply being unreasonable!"

Berengar scoffed at the man's negotiation tactic and instead criticized him.

"You have butchered Austria's population and devastated her lands through scorched earth tactics; the amount of time and money it will take to repair the damage is close to the figure I have mentioned. You will either agree to my terms, or I will lay siege to this city and every fort your people still occupy, killing every Bavarian I come across!"

Berengar's voice had risen to a state filled with fury, and thus his tone had greatly frightened the Bavarian General; this was the outcome he feared the most. There were still thousands of Bavarians left in Austria, and they had already lost most of the 50,000 men sent into the region. Such a loss was monumental in this era, as it significantly depleted Bavaria's ability to raise income. Thus after careful consideration, the General nodded his head and sighed deeply.

"Alright, under these terms I Count Kuonrat von Roth surrender to you, Count Berengar von Kufstein."

Both men knew in their hearts that this agreement would not be honored and that war would eventually break out again, but what this managed to do was secure the Bavarians safety back to their homeland to focus on their enemies to the North and buy Berengar enough time to stabilize his rule across Austria. Thus they were both happy with the arrangement.

After hearing the man accept his terms, Berengar smiled before declaring the war to be officially over.

"Very well, you have at most three months to fully retreat from Austrian lands; if you remain any longer, we will consider the treaty to be violated, and the fighting will resume. I promise you, if such an occasion were to happen, not a single Bavarian within Austria would survive my wrath!"

Kuonrat nodded his head in agreement and pledged Berengar

"I promise you; there will be no Bavarians remaining within Austria's borders by the withdrawal date you have given."

After hearing this, Berengar smiled before saying one last thing.

"Good, I will leave you to your lonesome; for the time being, you must have many things to manage if you are to withdraw from Austria. Farewell"

Throughout this entire exchange, a scribe had written down the treaty, and received signatures from both men, when it was fully signed into an agreement, Berengar departed from the field, with his copy of the agreement in his hands.

As for the Bavarian General, he put on a facade and smiled at Berengar as he left the field and returned to his army. It was only after Berengar had exited earshot that Kuonrat voiced his concerns to his nearby commanders.

"Prepare for a full withdraw from Austria; I want every Bavarian soldier who still holds breath to retreat from these lands as quickly as possible!"

One of the commanders had a worried expression on his face before asking the obvious question on his mind.

"What do we tell his Grace?"

Kuonrat sighed heavily before giving the order.

"For now... tell him nothing; we will inform him of our surrender only after we have fully withdrawn."

With those words said, the Bavarians began to prepare for a full retreat, one that would signify the ending of the war within Austria. Berengar and his allies had been victorious, and the young Count of Tyrol had fulfilled his promise to end the war before the leaves fell from the trees.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206: Dinner With the Strategos of Ionia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Since the signing of the treaty a few weeks had passed and Berengar had returned to Tyrol, Eckhard and the others were notified of the treaty and halted their advance into Upper Austria; In contrast, Berengar returned home, Eckhard would remain within the region with a small army of 5,000 men to ensure the peaceful withdrawal of the Bavarians. As for the rest of the soldiers, they too returned with Berengar back to their homes.

Though Vienna had been secured, Berengar had no plans to move into the city and oversee Conrad. Thus he had made a decree temporarily shifting the capital of Austria from Vienna to Kufstein; his justification for doing so was that Vienna had been extensively damaged during the war and would need time to repair itself before it could function as the capital of Austria.

For the time being, Conrad stayed in Kufstein, under the constant control of Berengar; with each passing day, the boy Duke became more of a puppet. He had no backers, while Berengar was considered the man who liberated Austria from Bavarian occupation and thus had gained many supporters among the nobility of the Duchy.

Everyone knew that Berengar was the proper authority in the region, yet few dared to oppose him despite that. They had grown to fear his military might and the extent to which his spy network had infiltrated every corner of the Duchy. Nobody was safe from Berengar's reach within the confines of Austria.

Berengar had begun his transition of power from Count to Duke. However, it would still take several years to accomplish this fully; thus, at the moment, he was preoccupied with other concerns, such as entertaining his guests from the Byzantine Empire.

Strategos Arethas Maniakes had opted to visit Kufstein once more now that Austria was safe to travel to and thus was sitting at Berengar's dinner table, where Berengar, Linde, Conrad, and Henrietta were eating alongside the nobleman from the East.

Arethas had important business to discuss with Berengar, especially considering the Emperor had tasked him to inquire about the procurement of firearms.? As such, he attempted to broach the subject over a fine meal after Berengar had consumed a few chalices worth of beer.

Berengar was interested in small talk at the start of the conversation and thus casually asked about the Emperor and his current condition.

"So Arethas, my friend, how is the Emperor doing?"

Arethas thoroughly enjoyed the food on his plate, as he thought about the answer, eventually after washing down the pichelsteiner that he had as a side to his pork schnitzel, and spaetzle with a strong lager, the man opened up about some details revolving around the Emperor.

"The Emperor is a little bit stressed currently, but aside from that, he is good."

Hearing that the Emperor was stressed piqued Berengar's natural curiosity, and thus he continued on this line of dialogue.

"Why is the Emperor stressed? Is it anything serious?"

Hearing the concern in Berengar's voice, Arethas quickly dashed any thoughts of turmoil that Berengar might be having about the Emperor's life and promptly revealed the well-known secret.

"Oh, it is nothing substantial; his daughter Princess Honoria is just being a hassle again. Her father had engaged her to the Crown Prince of France, and she has no interest in marrying the man. In her own words, she refers to him as an effeminate homosexual who is completely lacking in ambition. Thus, she feels like Aubry de Valois is among the worst available out of all the matches that could be made. However, she truly has herself to blame, her father has tried setting her up with over a dozen matches before this, and she has refused them all."

Hearing this, Berengar began to chuckle to himself; he made a snarky comment about the French Prince as he did so.

"Why am I not surprised?"

hearing this, Arethas was confused and thus questioned Berengar's comment.

"Why are you not surprised about what?"

Feeling that he had caused a misunderstanding, Berengar decided to clarify himself after drinking from his skull chalice.

"I just find it fitting that the Crown Prince of France is an effeminate homosexual, is all..."

Hearing Berengar's words, Linde immediately broke out into laughter. Even in this era, or should one say especially in this era, the intense grudge bore between Germans and Frenchmen was no laughing matter. Thus Berengar took the opportunity to make fun of Crown Prince when the opportunity was presented to him.

Conrad, on the other hand, was scowling. Not once had the important nobleman from the East bothered to talk to him or even acknowledge him despite being the Duke. The young boy struggled to contain his inner fury as Berengar and Arethas chatted as if they were men of equal standing.

Henrietta was confused, as she was too innocent to know what an effeminate homosexual was, and thus did not understand Berengar's snide remarks. Therefore she merely focused on eating her meal, like the adorable little loli she was.

When Arethas heard Berengar's remarks, he also found it quite funny, as he was well aware of the stereotype that the Germans thought of when it came to the French. Thus he made a joke of his own.

"I doubt you would be saying such a bold thing if you were standing face to face with the youth; I hear he is quite the capable swordsman."

Berengar, on the other hand, laughed at this comment and pointed to his eye as proof of his feats in battle.

"The last Capable swordsman I dueled with took my right eye. However, I managed to take his life. I do not fear a petty French Prince. I would gladly tell him to his face what I think of him. If he has a problem with it, he can taste the might of my flintlock pistol!"

Hearing Berengar mentions his firearms brought a sense of delight to Arethas' face; the conversation had naturally steered in this direction, thus allowing him to inquire about purchasing such weapons. As such, he took advantage of this opportunity and asked the question on his mind.

"Speaking of which, the Emperor had personally requested that I inquire about the possibility of buying such weapons from you. I know it is a longshot, but is there any way you can sell me a few of these so-called flintlocks?"

Berengar immediately shook his head in denial, which instantly brought down Arethas' spirits; however, the words that came next shocked the man, as he was not expecting them.

"I cannot sell you flintlocks; that is simply unacceptable. However, I do have a prototype design that I can build for you. I call it the Arkebuse; it may not be as exceptional as my weapons, but I promise you that it is better than anything else you will find in the world!"

For some time now, Berengar had considered selling the primitive matchlock arquebus to his friends in the East in an attempt to curry their favor further. The reasons for this were twofold; first and foremost, such a weapon did not pose a significant threat to his forces. It was heavy, albeit portable, and had minimal range; it was also significantly less potent than a musket and could not pierce through his soldier's armor with a single shot.

The other reason was more important than this. With his rapid expansion of power, one could certainly say his advanced weaponry was primarily responsible for this. Thus it would not be long before an interest in firearms became the norm, and other countries attempted to replicate his success. One could say Berengar had sped up the interest and development of firearms from its natural course.

Other countries might have been already experimenting with improvements over the hand cannon because of the might that Berengar's armies displayed. Thus he wanted to take advantage of this to introduce the Arquebus as the standard arm for his potential allies, allowing him to accumulate great wealth with its trade and expanding Byzantine power so that he would not have to worry about some form of Islamic incursion into Europe as the Ottomans had done following the fall of Constantinople in his old life's timeline.

Hearing that Berengar was willing to sell the Empire some form of advanced firearm, even if it was not as advanced as his own army's weapons, immediately piqued Arethas's interest, and thus he was more than happy to negotiate its purchase as he had been given the authority to do so by the Emperor. However, when he was about to inquire about procuring such weapons, Conrad quickly interrupted by throwing a tantrum.

"Absolutely not! I will never allow you to sell such dangerous weapons to other regions! What if the Byzantines turned on us with our weapons."

Hearing the young boy finally speak, Berengar and Linde alike glared at him with murderous intent, which immediately shut the kid up, this greatly enraged Conrad. However, Berengar's following words further added insult to injury.

"Don't worry about the kid; he has no authority on the matter, I would gladly sell you the Arkebuse, and we can further negotiate the price at a later time. I would prefer to manufacture a few of the weapons and demonstrate to you their capabilities before we agree."

Arethas smiled and nodded; this was a reasonable request, mainly because he could negotiate a fairer price when he was more informed about their capabilities. Berengar was genuinely generous to allow such a display before negotiations commenced.

As for Conrad, he began to throw a tantrum and immediately questioned Berengar's claims.

"No authority? I am the Duke of Austria! How dare you claim I have no authority!"

Berengar, however, clicked his tongue before chastising Conrad about the issue.

"Your Grace, with all due respect, I said that you have no authority on this matter, which you do not. These weapons are property of the County of Tyrol, not the Duchy of Austria. As the inventor of the weapons and the Count of Tyrol, I have the final say as to whether or not I intend to sell such weapons."

Hearing this, Conrad was stupefied; he honestly did not have a response to such words. Once more, he was outwitted by Berengar, to a point where he could no longer refute the man's logic. Thus he merely began to pout like a spoiled brat, no longer causing any trouble.

After Conrad's little tantrum, Berengar returned to the topic at hand.

"I apologize for the interruption; as I was saying, you are more than welcome to stay in Kufstein for the time being until I can manufacture a few test samples so that I can demonstrate to you what a unit armed with such weapons are capable of. From there, we can negotiate a good price for the weapons and how many you wish to purchase."

Arethas quickly agreed to these terms and nodded his head before responding

"It is no problem; I would be glad to stay in Kufstein for the time being; I am sure when I return to the Empire with your weapons, the Emperor will be pleased by the results."

With negotiations for the trade of the Arkebus halted, the group of noblemen and women returned to their meal and enjoyed the rest of the evening. Tomorrow Berengar would place for an order of thirty Arkebus. He would then have a few of his soldiers test them on the mirror pattern armor commonly issued to the Byzantines and their enemies.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207: An Unexpected Invention
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the dinner, Berengar took a bath with his lover before the two of them returned to their bed chambers. As per usual, after returning from the battlefield, they spent a fair amount of time making love every night for weeks on end. Eventually, the couple fell asleep in each other's arms.

By the time the sun rose in the Morning, Bernegar once more engaged in his standard morning routine. Lately, Linde had been joining him for a portion of the exercise, ever since she had given birth to Hans, she had begun to put effort into losing the baby weight, and once more, she was in pristine condition, though that did not mean for one moment that she would stop her daily routine.

After finishing their exercise, the couple took a bath together before eating breakfast; when they were finished, they went their separate ways for the day. Berengar had to visit Ludwig and place an order for the Arkebuse to sell to the Byzantines soon enough.

As for Linde, she had to manage the Spy network and collect intelligence on specific issues at hand. Now more than ever, she was filled with work, as her efforts were critical to stabilizing Berengar's rise to power. However, that was a tale for another time.

Berengar quickly descended from the Castle and entered the burgeoning city below, flanked by his House guards. When he neared Ludwig's office, he motioned for them to stay behind before entering the facility and knocking on the old man's quarters.

After knocking a couple of times, Ludwig opened the door; he looked more haggard than usual as if he had spent an entire three days straight working on some unknown project. When the man saw Berengar smiling while standing at his entrance, he rubbed his eyes a few times to see if he was witnessing reality. After realizing what he saw was indeed the truth, he exclaimed with shock.

"You excellency!?! I was just about to send word that I have something to show you, quickly come in, come in!"

Seeing the excited look on Ludwig's weary face, Berengar could not help but be amused, and as such, he walked inside the office only to realize it was cluttered with scraps of paper that looked like blueprint designs. Thus his curiosity was instantly piqued.

"Tell me, Ludwig, what is so important that you must forsake sleep?"

Ludwig was too excited to answer Berengar's question immediately, and thus he rummaged through a variety of blueprints on his desk before finding the right one. After grabbing ahold of it, he threw the other papers off the desk and spread the file across the surface so that Berengar could witness his newest creation.

When Berengar gazed upon the blueprints, he was completely and utterly shocked. He knew exactly what this weapon was and was astounded that someone could design such a thing in this era. Ludwig had taken Berengar's concepts, and with further education, and experimentation had designed a puckle gun by himself.

The puckle gun was a weapon from Berengar's previous life; only two were ever manufactured. However, for the time it was designed, it was practically a machine gun. It was a flintlock artillery piece that used a revolving cylinder that could carry six to eleven loaded shots and fired at a rate of nine rounds per minute. One might not think that is a lot, but in an era where it took 30 seconds or more to reload a standard cannon and 20 seconds or more to reload a single musket, that was an enormous advantage.

Most importantly it could be loaded with a solid ball, or a form of canister shot that contained a total of 16 musket balls per round. Allowing Berengar's armies to launch musket balls into infantry formations at a decent distance, with a much higher rate of fire than the traditional canister shot used in his cannons.

Berengar was stunned that Ludwig could design such a marvel of weapons engineering and gazed upon the man with newfound respect. Seeing how Berengar was staring at him, Ludwig decided to explain his creation and how he came to invent it.

"Your excellency, while you were at war, I got dreadfully drunk and had a sudden bout of inspiration. After sobering up the next day, I thought about my idea and realized it was entirely feasible. My thought process is, what if I could design a cannon that functioned similarly to your revolving flintlocks! I call it the Schmidt Gun after my family name! What do you think?"

Berengar was at a loss for words; this weapon was something that should not exist in this timeline, only someone like himself who had reincarnated into the world with future knowledge should be able to devise such an advanced piece of weaponry, and yet, Ludwig had invented it from scratch loosely based upon the principles of existing equipment that Berengar had developed. It was truly astounding.

Berengar could not be more proud of the man he placed in charge of his industrial district and smiled fervently at Ludwig before clapping him on the shoulder.

"Ludwig, my friend, you just earned a Knighthood!"

Hearing Berengar's words, Ludwig was shocked; he knew with Berengar's political and military reforms that Knights were quickly becoming a ceremonial position of lower nobility, but never in a million years did he think such a prestigious reward would fall into his hands. By now, Ludwig was extraordinarily wealthy as the head of Kufstein's industrial district, but he could not buy a noble title.

In particular, Berengar intended to introduce the Baronet rank for members of the common people who exceptionally served his state. Thus they were ranked higher than Knights but below standard Lords. Until now, Berengar had not found a commoner worthy of such a title, but with this game-changing invention by Ludwig, he would finally be able to introduce it to his noble hierarchy.

Hearing such praise from his liege, tears began to swell in the old man's eyes as he thanked Berengar for the reward.

"Your excellency, thank you!"

Berngar merely shook his head and responded to Berengar's appreciation.

"Do not thank me; you have earned it yourself! Your merit is second to none among the common population!"

After taking a few moments to collect himself, Ludwig finally realized that Berengar came here for a different reason, and thus he began to inquire about the details.

"Your excellency, why are you here?"

It was only now that Berengar remembered his original intentions for arriving, and as such, he carefully placed Ludwig's blueprints into the man's hands before putting his own upon the desk.

"The design is much simpler than the flintlock and not as effective. However, I hope that this Arkebuse can be produced so that I can sell them to the Byzantine Army!"

Seeing such a simplistic design on the table, Ludwig eagerly grinned before asking the thought on his mind.

"How many do you need and when?"

Berengar did not hesitate to declare his demand.

"Preferably thirty, and as soon as possible. I need to demonstrate their effectiveness to the Byzantine representative."

Ludwig scratched his beard for a moment while thinking about how long it would take. Eventually, he answered Berengar's question with a toothy smile.

"Give me a week; I need to set up a new production line for these Arkebuse as you call it; by then, we should be able to produce them regularly."

Berengar smiled and nodded before returning to the blueprints Ludwig had made.

"Set up a production line for the Schmidt Guns as well; I want as many as you can field. These weapons will be a force to be reckoned with on the battlefield!"

Seeing how eager Berengar was to implement these new weapons he developed brought a smile to the old man's face, and he quickly gave Berengar a thumbs up before proudly proclaiming.

"Leave it to me! I will be happy to produce as many as I can; I hope that they may bring glory to our realm!"

Thus Berengar gave one last piece of advice.

"Get some rest, Ludwig; you deserve it; everything else is secondary to your health."

Hearing that Berengar cared about his condition Ludwig almost broke out into tears; however, he managed to choke them back before responding with a wide grin.

"Don't worry, your excellency; I will get some sleep after I have given the orders to set up the production lines."

Berengar nodded before proceeding out the door. He still had several things to go over throughout the rest of the day. Namely, he had to visit Ludolf and check to see the progress of his reformation. He had been at war too long and had not focused enough attention on the spread of his new religion.

As he walked towards the local Chapel, Berengar began to wonder if any of his other exceptional subordinates would surprise him with significant innovations; only time would tell. One sure thing was that Ludwig was an outstanding engineer for the times he found himself in, and Bernegar fully intended to help the man on his path.

Unfortunately, Ludwig was already an old man and would most likely not serve him for too many additional years. Thus the need for public education and the fostering of exceptional individuals were more important than ever in Berengar's mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208: Meeting With Ludolf
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After meeting up with Ludwig and discussing the new designs, Berengar proceeded to the local chapel with his guards following behind. While the Grand Cathedral of Kufstein was under construction, the local chapel had been seized from the Catholic Church and was being used by Ludolf to preach the gospel and the words of Berengar's reformation.

When Berengar arrived in the chapel, he noticed service was currently underway, and thus he watched from the back of the church while listening to Ludolf's sermon. The sermon was about the separation of Church and State, and therefore he was quoting Matthew 22:15-22 as he preached to the crowd who had gathered.

"Then went the Pharisees and took counsel on how they might entangle him in his talk. And they sent out unto him their disciples with the Herodians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man: for thou regardest not the person of men. Tell us, therefore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not? But Jesus perceived their wickedness and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites?

Show me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? They say unto him, Caesar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's. When they had heard these words, they marveled, and left him, and went their way."

Ludolf then continued to interpret the words in a way that spread Berengar's message.

"Thus, in Christ's own words, we are to obey the laws of the Kingdoms of Men while owing our souls to the Father in heaven!"

The sermon went on for some time before the people of Kufstein were finally dismissed. Eventually, after some time, all that remained in the Chapel were Ludolf and Berengar, and seeing the man who had led him to enlightenment standing with a grin on his face in his church, Ludolf could not help but smile.

Berengar quickly walked over to the man and patted him on the back.

"That was an excellent sermon, my friend; you are truly fit to lead our reformation!"

However, Ludolf decided to tease Berengar as he was cleaning up some of the leftover mess from the gathering.

"I have not seen your face around these parts lately; I was beginning to think that you had lost your faith."

Berengar, however, chuckled at these words and shook his head.

"Not in the slightest, I have merely been too busy overseeing the realm and waging wars against those who would harm us. I try to make it when I can, but the work of a Count is never truly finished."

Ludolf sneered at Berengar's comment and posed a question to him

"The work of a Count or a Duke?"

Berengar once more laughed at Ludolf's jest before making a joke of his own.

"Careful, those words are treasonous; if you let the little brat hear you say that, he is liable to have your head cut off!"

When Ludolf heard this, he could not contain his laughter and snickered at the remark.

"Yeah? Tell me, Berengar, without your approval who would obey the Habsburg Boy? Everyone knows it is you who truly holds power in Austria. Conrad is just your puppet."

Berengar did not deny the charges against him and merely smiled innocently before switching the subject.

"So, how is the reformation progressing?"

Upon hearing Berengar dodging his statement, Ludolf took the hint and began to talk about business.

"It is going well; large swaths of Bavaria are being converted, despite the war they held against you. Especially in the Swabian region, it has also spread into Baden, Wurttemburg, and the Swiss Confederation. The reformation is making progress in the East, all the way into Dresden. As far as the Southern portion of the German-speaking regions goes, we have established a foothold."

Berengar was delighted upon hearing this news and congratulated his friend.

"That is good! Well done, this is all thanks to you and your efforts!"

However, Ludolf did not seem too happy, and Berengar immediately noticed that; thus, he inquired about the details.

"What's wrong?"

To this question, Ludolf sighed heavily before voicing his concerns.

"In the North, our people are being persecuted, the Catholics still hold a large control of public opinion, and our followers are burned at stake. It is truly maddening the lengths they will go to silence us."

Though Berengar put on a solemn expression as if he were reflecting about such matters with a heavy heart. In reality, he was incredibly excited by this news; such actions gave him a Cassus Belli to march into the North after he had unified Southern Germany in the coming years. The longer this persecution in the Northern German-speaking regions persisted, the better his chances of having a just cause for declaring war on the North.

Inadvertently by persecuting the Reformists in Northern Germany, the Catholics had given Berengar a reason to invade when he was finally ready to do so. However, he could not very well admit this, and thus he pretended as if he was overwhelmed with grief.

"Truly it is madness as you have proclaimed, the fact that the Catholics would murder those who interpret the word of God differently shows how corrupt they are. They do not care about salvation but maintaining control over the people."

Berengar's words reached an accord with Ludolf, and he wholeheartedly agreed. Thus he nodded his head and spoke the words Berengar wanted to hear.

"Promise me that when you become powerful enough, you will march on the North and liberate our brothers and sisters in Christ from the sinful corruption of the Catholic Church!"

Berengar put on a facade as if he was shocked about such a statement and pretended to be hesitant.

"I don't know about this..."

However, Ludwig was adamant and thus shook Berengar slightly

"Berengar! Promise me! You must save our people!"

Finally, after a few moments, Berengar seemingly relented and sighed heavily as if he were deeply conflicted about the issue.

"Okay, I promise you that when I have enough power, I will invade the Northern German States and rid them of the horrific influence of the Catholic Church..."

Seeing Berengar agree to Ludolf's plight, the Priest smiled before patting Berengar on the back.

"Do not fret, my friend; we are merely acting in the interest to protect our people from the wickedness of the Vatican! How could God scorn such a war?"

Berengar finally smiled and nodded his head in approval of Ludolf's words. The man never ceased to disappoint him. Thus he decided to switch the topic to something else.

"Do you require any additional funding? Just let me know how much you need, and I will gladly donate it to the church!"

Ludolf began to chuckle as he heard these words, and he began to chastise Berengar.

"You are already building a Great Cathedral to rival that of the Notre Dame! How could I possibly ask for more money from your coffers?

However, Berengar shook his head after hearing this response and informed Ludolf of his opinion.

"For the work of the Reformation, you just need to ask, and I will gladly fund anything you require so long as I am able!"

Ludolf was more adamant than Berengar realized and rejected his offer.

"I thank you for all you have done, Berengar, but we receive enough funding from all of the Noblemen who support our reformation; you do not have to spend so much..."

This news brought a smile to his face; the more Lords who contributed to the reformation, the better, and the Reformist Church was now making enough money to stand on its own without his support. At least for the most part. Thus Berengar finally relented on his offer.

"Okay, just let me know if you ever need anything, and if it is in my power, I will be more than happy to assist you."

With that said, Ludolf smiled and nodded.

"Certainly, remember to keep your promise. When the time comes, you must liberate our brothers and sisters to the North!"

Berengar chuckled when he heard that before posing a rhetorical question.

"Have I ever reneged on my promises, my dear friend?"

With that said, Berengar bid Ludolf farewell and began to return to the Castle. He took a pleasant stroll observing the progress of his City of Kufstein when he did so. Though he had built many structures out of concrete and steel, he knew one day he would have to rebuild many of them to ensure their structural stability for a thousand years. After all, he could not build the foundation of his Empire off of structural materials that at most lasted 100 years.

Concrete and steel were cheap to produce and quick to turn into structures. Still, the cost of that was longevity, and as such, Berengar made a vow when he looked at his grand designs being rapidly built that he would reconstruct them with stone and cement within his lifetime. For if his culturally significant buildings could not last the test of time, how could his Empire?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209: Testing the Arkebuse
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A week had passed since Berengar's meetings with Ludwig and Ludolf. During this time, Ludwig had fully set up a small-scale production line for the arkebuse firearms intended to be sold to the Byzantines.

His troops who were assigned to demonstrate the effectiveness of the weapons had spent some time getting accustomed to the different actions, but for the most part, the loading procedure was the same.

As such, Arethas and Berengar were now standing in the audience of one of his testing fields. In the center of the field, there were straw targets set up where they were equipped with mirror pattern armor to represent the soldiers of the Mamluke Sultanate, the current enemies of the Empire.

Seeing Berengar's troops rapidly load the arkebuse firearms in a span of a little over 20 seconds brought a question to Arethas's mind, and thus he voiced his concerns.

"If it takes so long to reload, how would I protect my troops from the enemy closing the distance and entering into melee combat?"

Arethas was unaware of the existence of bayonets, and Berengar did not plan on selling this technology. Thus he smiled as he responded to the Strategos of Ionia's questions.

"Ideally, you would have a unit of pikemen alongside them to keep the enemy soldiers at bay while your arkebusiers reload their weapons. Once they are loaded and prepared to fire, you would pull your pikeman back to prevent friendly fire. After the volley has been unleashed, you would repeat the process."

Hearing this strategy, Arethas could envision it in his mind and nodded his head in approval; he could not wait to see the effects of these arkebuses. Thus after loading the weapons, the soldiers who were test firing the equipment aimed the firearms at their targets roughly 20 yards away.

The arkebuse that Berengar designed was shorter and lighter weight than the longer barreled variants; there were two reasons for this. The first one being that he hated the idea of using forks to act as a support to fire the weapon appropriately.

The second one being a shorter barrel created less velocity and thus posed a significantly lower threat to his forces. After all, the higher the speed of the projectile, the more likely the weapons were to pierce through his own troops' armor.? The troops began to unleash their volley with a command by the officer who led the small platoon of soldiers numbering thirty in total.

"Fire!"

Upon uttering the order, thunder echoed in the air, and the thirty arquebus balls were sent downrange, most of which found their targets and pierced through the mirror style armor that the Empire's enemies were equipped with.

After the weapons were fired, they were checked for function before being put back on the weapons rack where they would later be cleaned, and after negotiations, hopefully, be sold to the Byzantine Empire as the first batch of such weapons.

Seeing the display from afar was a marvelous sight, and Arethas had a broad smile on his face like a kid on Christmas. After the area was deemed safe for inspection, Berengar posed a question to Arethas.

"Would you like to inspect the damage up close?"

Arethas was instantly intrigued by this offer and silently nodded his head before standing up and following Berengar down to the field below, where the straw dummies were resting, most of which were knocked over by the impact of the arkebuse balls and had to be reset to standing position.

Upon closer inspection, the arkebuse balls had thoroughly penetrated past the mirror pattern armor, into the straw dummy, and out the other side of the armor. It was indeed an effective weapon against the popular armor patterns of the period.

Arethas was surprised by the efficiency of the weapons and no longer needed convincing in regards to purchasing the equipment. Thus he began the negotiations for the acquirement of such weapons.

"I am thoroughly convinced such weapons are superior to anything else I have seen, aside from maybe the weapons your forces use. Tell me, Berengar, what price would you desire for these magnificent firearms?"

Berengar had come up with a plan in the past week to get the most advantages out of the Byzantine Empire's vast trade network with the East while simultaneously appearing generous. Thus he decided to put on a facade about intensely thinking over the matter before expressing his idea.

"Normally, I would charge five hyperpyrons per arquebus, but under certain conditions, I could make a deal and give you a twenty percent discount."

Arethas immediately took the bait upon hearing such an offer existed.

"What conditions might those be?"

Berengar put on a graceful smile as he answered Arethas' question.

"Since we have become such good friends, I will place a 20% discount on each Arkebuse sold to the Empire, under the condition that you sell me saltpeter at an equally discounted price."

Berengar's nitraries were having difficulty keeping up with the demand of saltpeter that he needed to fuel his armies. Knowing that the Byzantines had access to an ample and cheap supply of saltpeter from their trades with India, Berengar wanted to take advantage of this to get ahold of vast quantities of the material for a low price.

Even with the 20% discount, he would still be making a fortune off of the Arkebuse trade, and in doing so, would be able to invest a fraction of it into cheap saltpeter. This would allow him to continue the rapid growth of his armies and supply them with the gunpowder they needed to dominate the European battlefields.

After careful deliberation, Arethas spoke his thoughts on the matter

"I can agree to such terms, but in return for the discount, I would like the Empire to take priority in the sale of such firearms."

Arethas began to wonder if he was too greedy with his demands, but to his surprise, Berengar smiled and nodded his head before replying.

"That is not a problem. So long as we can produce these weapons, I can agree to have the Empire take priority in their purchase."

With this, an agreement had been made, and the two men shook hands before drafting up a formal trade agreement, one that they both signed with their signatures and seals of their houses. Afterward, Berengar posed an invitation to Arethas.

"It is getting late. Would you like to dine with my family and me tonight?"

Arethas saw no reason to refuse, especially since the cuisine cooked by Berengar's chefs was always delicious. Thus, he nodded his head in agreement before responding.

"It would be an honor."

With that said, the two men returned to Berengar's castle, where they sat down at the dining table. Linde, as per usual, took her place next to Berengar, and Henrietta sat across from her. As for Arethas, he sat across from Berengar and Conrad next to him.

The boy had grown quite irritable over the last week, as Arethas, an essential dignitary from the East, paid no attention to him, despite Conrad officially being the Duke of Austria. Thus he was visibly scowling while sitting at the table. An action that did not go unnoticed by the others sitting at the table.

Berengar ignored the boy; Conrad was already being slowly poisoned and would finally croak within a few years without anyone being the wiser. Thus he just had to manage the kid's outbursts for the time being before he could seize the title of Duke for himself.

Arethas also ignored the boy as he was well aware of who the real power in Austria was. Thus he decided to ask Berengar about his plans for the future. Despite the actual Duke of Austria sitting right next to him.

"So, Berengar, now that you have driven the Bavarians from your lands and established a relative peace. What do you intend to do in this time?"

Berengar drank the beer from his skull chalice before responding to the nobleman from the East.

"Despite being victorious, large swaths of Austria were negatively impacted by the invasion, entire villages massacred, fields destroyed, and livestock butchered. It will take a substantial effort to recover from such a pyrrhic victory. I will spend the next few years stabilizing the region to the best of my ability and bringing vast fortune to my people."

Seeing that Berengar had no immediate plans for future conquest, Arethas sighed in relief; at the rate, Berengar's power was growing, one day he could potentially be a threat to the Empire, and it was better to foster a friendly relationship with the man than to make an enemy out of him. Such an approach would undoubtedly take time.

As such, Arethas drank from his chalice before asking another question on his mind.

"I hear you are trying to implement many economic, military, and agricultural reforms. Do you not fear an uprising by the nobility of Austria? Or greater yet a grand coalition of your neighbors?"

However, Berengar's answer greatly surpassed his imaginations; Berengar had a calm, maybe even cruel smile on his face as he drank from his skull chalice. After wiping his mouth with his napkin, he responded as if it was the most obvious answer in the world.

"Of course! Those stuck in their traditions will never fully embrace my reforms; they will inevitably scheme against me; in fact, many of the noblemen throughout not only Austria but also Tyrol are currently planning such a thing as we speak. Yet, I do not fear rebellion. Instead, I welcome it, for a great purge is needed to usher in the new era, and when my enemies finally bear their fangs I will be well prepared for it."

Arethas and Conrad alike were shocked by this answer, Berengar was fully expecting a rebellion, or possibly two, and he was already preparing for such an eventuality. The man clearly had foresight, but what was even more frightening was that he had stated he welcomed the rebellion so that he would be able to purge the malcontents in his society.

After hearing such a bold statement, Arethas felt like he should not question the mind of a Tyrant and quickly got back to eating his food; Conrad, on the other hand, looked as pale as a ghost, as if he finally realized he had appointed a monster as his regent, one that he had no power to stop.

As for Linde and Henrietta, they were merely enjoying their meal, as if Berengar's words were the most natural thing in the world; they were well accustomed to his proclamations of his grand ambitions and the cruelty he would go through to achieve them. Thus the dinner went on in awkward silence for some time before finally coming to an end.

Arethas would soon return to the Empire with the first batch of arkebuse firearms, and Berengar would greatly profit from it. As for the future, it was in the hands of God; if one believed in such a thing, that is.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210: Introducing New Military Innovations
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Another few weeks had passed, and Arethas had long since left to return to his home in Ionia; of course, he would first report to the Emperor about his visit and his success in acquiring firearms. Yet that was a story for another time.

At the moment, Berengar was in the testing facility once more, where he was observing the introduction of two new key pieces of equipment. Ones that would drastically change the results of the battlefield once again.

Since Ludwig had designed the Schmidt gun, which greatly resembled the Puckle Gun from his previous life, he had spent a great deal of time and effort bringing it to reality. At the moment, three of such weapons were lined up in the testing field, with multiple cylinders loaded with either solid ball or shot.

The Schmidt guns were mounted on carriages that could be dragged by horses, much like a standard artillery piece. Thus allowing for excellent mobility of the weapons on the battlefield. This immediately caught the eyes of the artillery officers present, who by now had all engaged in battle at some point.

Soon these weapons would be demonstrating their capabilities to Berengar and many of his artillery officers who had gathered. Berengar was about to hold a speech, and Ludwig was standing next to him; this speech would do two things.

It would introduce Ludwig as the inventor of the Schmidt gun and establish him as a new rank of landless nobility. Thus the charismatic young count spoke with a great deal of passion for the man in front of him, who was also a great friend.

"I have gathered you all here today to witness the birth of a mighty weapon, one that would not exist without the brilliant mind of this man standing before you. Most of you should be aware of his identity; he is Ludwig Schmidt; without his efforts, none of you would be equipped with the weapons you use in the field!

He is the director of Kufstein's industrial sector, and now he has invented a weapon that will change the course of the battlefield; what you see before you is known as the Schmidt Gun, named in honor of its creator!

It is a revolving artillery piece with the ability to fire nine rounds per minute! Either solid ball or a shot comprised of 16 musket balls! Its effective range is 75 yards, with its maximum range being 200! Now let us witness how effective this weapon truly is!"

Upon hearing this impassioned speech, a series of applause erupted from the audience of Officers who had gathered to witness the destructive power of the new weapon. An enemy formation of 100 straw targets was set up at 75 yards, each equipped with brigandine breastplates that simulated an enemy formation. The moment Berengar gave the order, the three guns began to fire their volley.

The first volley fired by the Schmidt Guns was filled with solid balls, and a total of 27 rounds were fired in a single minute; the large balls devastated the enemy formation, as they tore through not only one opponent but sometimes the target behind them as well.

However, the demonstration was not finished with that. Instead, the cylinders were rapidly replaced with ones filled with canisters, and before long, another volley was fired off; each canister contained 16 musket balls that flew downrange into the targets and shredding them apart, a total of 9 canisters were fired per the three guns in the span of one minute resulting in a whopping 432 musket balls being fired into the enemy formation during that small time frame.

The resulting devastation of the simulated enemy formation was shocking even to the veteran artillery officers who had waged many battles. They could only imagine the effects such a weapon would have on the battlefield when used alongside standard cannons. It was indeed an astonishing degree of destruction that these so-called Schmidt guns wrought upon the armored straw targets.

After the demonstration was finished and the straw targets were thoroughly scrapped. Berengar noticed his officers were staring in silence for some time. Eventually, a single officer began to clap, and before long, it transformed into thunderous applause.

So much so that Berengar had to calm the men down before saying his other piece of important news.

"Due to the great extent that Ludwig Schmidt has served our great County, I hereby anoint him as Baronet for his exceptional service to the County of Tyrol! For those of you wondering, Baronet is a new hereditary rank of landless nobility who shall be henceforth be appointed from the common people who have accomplished exemplary service to the County. For those of you present who are nobles do not fret, for it is the lowest tier of nobility!"

The news that Berengar declared just now was shocking to the people present, especially considering the officer class was almost entirely filled with Knights and Nobleman at the moment. Thus they were conflicted over the matter. However, Berengar did state that they were landless nobility, and at the bottom of the hierarchy therefore such a thing was somewhat acceptable to the old nobility.

Despite their concerns over the issue, they still applauded Ludwig on his promotion, and the old man shared his usual toothy grin in response. He was now a member of the nobility, even if he was at the bottom of the hierarchy.

However, Berengar did not stop the presentation here; he had another critical invention to add to his military, one that Ludwig had helped produce; it was a relatively simple design and thus could be employed in mass numbers.

However, this presentation was meant for the infantry officers, and thus he dismissed the Artillery officers before approaching the other test field where his infantry officers had already gathered. On the field was a platoon of Grenadiers, who appeared to be holding the standard 1417/18 Rifled Musket that was issued to the majority of Berengar's infantry.

However, what shocked them was that their cartridge boxes were open, and in them were no longer the standard-issue paper cartridge but a wooden cartridge; this invention was based upon the Japanese Hayago from Berengar's previous life and essentially sped up the reloading process. Thus Berengar boldly declared its effects to the infantry Officers who were gathered and observing the strange new devices.

"This is the quick loading tube; it will replace the use of paper cartridges in our service. It is made of wood and contains a Minie ball projectile and the gunpowder inside of it! This device allows the gunpowder and projectile to be loaded in a single motion, thus allowing a far quicker reload speed! Instead of firing two rounds in a minute, your soldiers will be firing five!"

The Grenadiers present had spent the last few weeks getting accustomed to the device and by now were exceptionally proficient in its use. As such, they rapidly reloaded their first shot. In doing so, they placed the wooded tube to the bore of the rifled musket and then jammed its ramrod inside of it; with this act, the gunpowder and bullet were filled into the musket in a single motion.

After doing so, they quickly cocked their rifles, aimed at the targets downrange, and fired. Within seconds the platoon of grenadiers reloaded their muskets and fired again. This rate of fire peaked at five rounds in a single minute, thus thoroughly shredding the enemy formation in front of them at a hundred yards.

The infantry officers who were gathered for this demonstration were just as shocked at its display as the artillery officers were for the Schmidt gun. This small wooden tubular device would change the way they waged war. It would make Berengar's armies far more lethal than the enemy forces, even if the enemy got their hands on some primitive firearms.

Thus a roar of applause echoed throughout the testing field as the infantry officers clapped to their heart's content. They would now be able to fire many more projectiles downrange at the enemy forces before having to engage in melee combat; such a device was genuinely revolutionary.

Berengar himself was impressed with the speed and efficiency that his grenadiers utilized such devices with; if his entire army could be trained to be so efficient in their use, nobody in this world would be able to challenge him on land. Thus he too applauded the soldiers who had been used in the demonstration.

Berengar could see the rise of his future Grand Army with the new military inventions, all he needed now was a matching Grand Navy, something he planned to begin construction on shortly. For now, in the following months, his troops would be adequately trained in the use of the quick loading tubes, which would become referred to as tubes in the future for simplicity.

Berengar's grand ambitions were slowly but surely starting to become a reality, and thus he looked upon the new military innovations with pride. He truly believed the weapons his army currently wielded would establish his dynasty's dominance for years to come—something he greatly anticipated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211: Designing the Linde-Class Ship of the Line
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the last three days, and nights Berengar had been locked away in his study. So much so that the only thing he had to consume was tea. Considering he could not easily get his hands on coffee, he was left with tea to stimulate his mind and keep him from falling asleep.

Yet, now after all his hard work, it had finally paid off. Sitting before him on his desk was a comprehensive schematic for a large first-rate ship of the line. It was a massive beast, that had a total of three decks, and could house a total of 130 cannons on it. Each cannon would be a new class of naval artillery, and that would be the 32 lb Cannon.

The ship itself was basically a carbon copy of the USS Pennsylvania with some small changes to it. Due to a lack of the material known as sisal that only grew in the new world. Berengar had to improvise and replace the sails and ropes with hemp.

As for the shell of the ship itself, it was covered in a thin sheet of Zinc. Not as an armored layer, but to protect the ship from wood-eating parasites that dwelled within the ocean. The reason for this was simple, it would save on maintenance costs, and ensure the longevity of the vessels that were built.

How Berengar knew of these designs? Well, that could be explained by his brief visit to the US Naval academy in his previous life. He was visiting a friend during vacation, well more like an acquaintance.

Berengar did not have many friends in his previous life, but he had plenty of acquaintances. This acquaintance had grown up on the same street as Berengar or Julian as he was known then. Eventually, they both joined the military, Julian had joined the Army, and this acquaintance whose name was Derek had joined the Navy.

During one summer break, Julian was invited out to the Naval Academy by Derek to spend some time with him, his stay only lasted a week, but during this time he spent it almost exclusively in the library studying the history of shipbuilding in the vast archives.

What started out as a friendly invitation, quickly turned into a week of extensive study, as Derek decided to go partying during this time period, and Julian was not exactly the most skilled wing-man, thus like most times, he hung out with other people he was quickly abandoned to his own devices. Not desiring to endure the humiliation of being alone at a party, he opted to stay in the library and study for his stay at the Naval Academy.

Apparently, that experience that Berengar frowned upon became a blessing in disguise because it provided him with the knowledge on how to build ships from a variety of eras. Berengar planned to draft two classes of ships for his future navy, the first of which was the monumental 130 guns first-rate ship of the line that he referred to as the Linde-Class.

The reason for him naming it this was simply because Berengar was a man of culture. He decided to name his ship classes after his two women, and of course the first of each class would be named after them as well. The reason for making the bigger ship named after Linde instead of Adela who was his future wife ultimately came down to the disparity in bust size between the two girls.

Even if Adela's family were fairly busty, he somehow had a nagging suspicion that Adela would have a B-cup-sized chest at best that when compared to Linde's D-Cup-sized breasts, the answer was obvious as to which ship should be named after which girl.

Eventually, Berengar heard a knock on the door after admiring his blueprints, and he quickly answered with a casual phrase.

"It is open."

With that said Linde walked into the room, and noticed that Berengar's usual charming appearance looked exhausted, he had deep bags under his eyes that showed he had been awake for some time. Though she knew he was working on something important and was currently undergoing about of inspiration and thus she did not intervene in his 72-hour marathon of drafting blueprints.

The young beauty quickly approached the desk where Berengar was seated gazing passionately at the schematics with a large smile on his face. Thus she quickly asked about the designs as she tried to sneak a peak.

"What is this? Linde-Class Ship of the Line? Oh, darling! You are naming a ship after me?"

Linde was so happy she quickly grabbed ahold of Berengar and stuffed his face into her perfectly shaped D-cup breasts. The softness of the feeling made Berengar want to sleep, yet he still had to add the finishing touches to his project, as such he forced himself to stay awake.

He was too tired to voice his thoughts properly thus he just nodded his head slowly and released the sound

"mhmm"

Seeing that her man was so tired Linde instantly began to pout before dragging him from his seat, he had been up far too long and was in no state to continue working, though Berengar attempted to resist he was much too weary to do so and thus found himself quickly being dragged out of his study and towards his bedroom where Linde chastised him.

"Though I am happy you named such a magnificent ship after me, I am more furious that you put your health at risk! You seriously needed to get some rest. You can finish the project later!"

She knew Berengar well enough to know what he was thinking at this moment, and thus she forced him to get some sleep. As such Linde stripped herself, and Berengar and climbed into bed with him, before resting his head on her naked lap while she sat up in the bed, against the fluffy feather pillows. Berengar fell asleep to the sensation of Linde's soft thighs, and the sigh of two mountains hovering over his head. The last thought on his mind before drifting into unconsciousness was as follows.

"Life is good!"

Berengar slept for a total of twenty-one hours, and when he awoke he was in the same position he had fallen asleep, and Linde was staring down at him with a warm smile. He did not know how long he had slept for and thus casually asked after yawning heavily and wiping his eyes.

"How long was I out for?"

Linde pondered about it for a few moments while placing one of her dainty fingers on her luscious lips before smile and responding to him.

"About twenty-one hours?"

Berengar was shocked by this figure, it had been a while since he pulled such a long streak of staying awake, but he was more shocked that he woke up in the same position. As such he asked the second question on his mind

"You stayed here the whole time?"

Hearing this Linde giggled lightly before stroking Berengar's golden hair.

"No silly, Unlike a certain someone I don't have the luxury to sleep for twenty-one hours straight. I got back into bed about an hour ago..."

Hearing this Berengar smiled before nuzzling his head against Linde's thighs, the soft, sensation was far better than Adela's slender legs, though he would never say that to Adela's face. Seeing that Berengar was about to fall back to sleep Linde decided to reveal some important news to garner his attention.

"By the way... Did you request a shipbuilder from Venice? He arrived something like twelve hours ago, saying that the Count of Tyrol requested his presence. I told him you were sleeping and to wait, but he is growing rather impatient."

Hearing this Berengar's eyes immediately snapped open and he began to groan.

"Ugghh! Fine I will get up!"

With that said he slowly rose from Linde's lap and got out of bed where Linde helped him get dressed, after doing so she put on her own attire. Now that the two were fully upright for the day Berengar walked into his great hall where the shipbuilder known as Evio Azzopardi was waiting rather impatiently for his arrival.

The man was striding around the room with a scowl on his face, and when he noticed Berengar's arrival he instantly began to shout at him.

"Do you have any idea how long I have been waiting? Who do you think you are to make me the great Evio Azzopardi wait for so long?"

Evio was not only a shipbuilder, but he was one of the best in Venice, however, he was not loyal to the City or its republic, he simply desired to build the greatest ships, and get paid a great sum to do so.

Berengar had enticed the man by claiming he had designed a new vessel, one that was greater than anything the Venetian Republic had at its disposal and offered a great deal of gold for the man to come work for him, and build his fleet in the Adriatic sea.

Seeing the man so visibly upset Berengar put on a graceful facade and apologized profusely to the man.

"My sincerest apologies for delaying our visit for so long. I had spent a total of three days and three nights ensuring that the schematics to the ship were perfect, and as such when I finally got some rest, I slept for a long time. You must be weary from your travels, come join me at my dining table and we will discuss the details of our cooperation."

Hearing that he was going to get a free meal out of this debacle greatly lessened Evio's wrath, and thus he accepted Berengar's invitation. It would be nice to see what kind of cuisine the man from a backward region like Tyrol could offer him. Thus the two left the great hall and headed towards the dining room. Where they would have a long discussion about the possibility of building a Grand Navy for Berengar in the coming years.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212: Meeting with the Shipbuilder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two men entered the Dining Hall of Berengar's Castle, where they quickly sat down for breakfast. Berengar fully intended to display his Counties culinary arts and thus had ordered a variety of dishes, both breakfast, and dinner to be brought to the table.

Since Evio was an Italian, Bernegar knew he most likely wanted wine, so he brought forth a fortified wine that he had developed. It used the local wine production as a basis and added distilled liquor to it. The man instantly tasted the alcohol and nearly jumped with delight; it was intense but had excellent flavor and was unlike any wine he had encountered before.

Evio immediately asked about the wine.

"What is this? I have never had such a wine before?"

Berengar chuckled lightly before briefly explaining the origin of the wine.

"I don't have a name for it yet, but it is a specialty we make in Southern Tyrol. I enjoy the taste."

The man instantly frowned; as a wine connoisseur, he wanted more details about its production, but Berengar was unwilling to share such secrets. Instead, he used it as further enticement to draw the man over to his side.

"If you work for me, you can drink as much of this as your heart desires!"

Evio's amber eyes flashed when he heard this, and he began to stroke his brown beard. The man was in his early thirties and had spent his life building ships, like his forefathers. He was exceptionally talented at it. However, it would take more than just good wine to convince him to work for Berengar, and thus he immediately put on a slick demeanor.

"Bah, it will take more than good wine to convince me to work for you!"

Hearing this, Berengar merely smiled especially when he saw the first round of dishes being brought out, as he replied to the man with a smug expression on his face.

"I think you will soon enough realize the benefits of working for me; for now, let us enjoy the meal in front of us."

On the table were a group of appetizers, different kinds of bread, cheeses, and sausage platters were laid out for the man to partake of and which each bite Berengar could see the light of excitement glimmer in his eyes. Despite his initial reservations, he quickly began to compliment Berengar for his hospitality.

"For a bunch of Germans, your people know how to cook very well..."

Berengar chuckled upon hearing this and accepted the man's compliment.

"Well, thank you, my chefs work hard every day to provide the best meals for me, my family, and my guests to dine upon. Such cuisine is slowly starting to spread across the rest of Austria."

Hearing this news, Evio started to desire to work for Berengar more and more, but he quickly pressed the concern to the back of his mind; it would take more than good wine and food to convince him to work for a man. Thus he quickly brought up the matter of compensation as the next round of food was brought out.

"Though I admit the food and wine you have presented is of excellent quality, I am more concerned with two things that will determine whether or not I settle in Austria and work for you. Compensation, but more importantly, these so-called ships of the line you spoke about with such passion in your letters!"

Seeing that the man was rather impatient in discussing business, Berengar decided he might as well get it over with and began to negotiate with the man. Berengar was bold, and he needed a competent shipbuilder who could construct his Navy for many years to come; as such, he let out an offer that nearly made the man's eyes jump out of his sockets.

"I will double what the Venetians are paying you and give you a noble title. With a sizeable estate in any region of Austria that you desire. As for my ship design, once we are finished with the meal, I will gladly show you what I have been working on..."

The Venetians were paying the man a large sum, and Berengar knew it; his spies had infiltrated the Venetian republic to find out about this information. However, with all of his current enterprises, and the new one he had recently established, he could afford such an expense.

After all the cost of building his Navy itself was going to be an astronomical figure, he might as well pay a hefty price for a competent underling. Of course, when Ezio heard this, he nearly choked on the piece of schnitzel he was eating from.

Not only would he be presented with a large sum of money, but also a noble title, and an Estate, this was too good of an offer to pass up.? Yet, even this did not fully sway the man; most importantly, he would have to look at the ship designs that Berengar had prepared. Thus he quickly finished his meal, to the point where Berengar still had half a plate left.

Nevertheless, seeing how impatient they were to see his ship designs, Berengar sighed before standing up and wiping his mouth with his napkin. After doing so, he began to convey his thoughts to Evio.

"If you would follow me, I would be more than happy to show you the design I have come up with for the first and largest class of ships I intend to build. Hearing the term largest got the man's hopes up. If it were anything bigger than the Carracks he had been building, he would greatly enjoy his new work."

With that, the two men left the Dining Room and entered Berengar's Study, where he showed the blueprint to Evio. The moment the man saw such a monumental ship, he scoffed, however before he could express his thoughts that Berengar was out of his mind, he once more looked it over and noticed that shockingly such a ship could feasibly be built! It would need a massive and dedicated shipyard and take years to construct, but it could be done.

The ship was titled, SMS Linde. The SMS stood for the German Spelling of "His Majesty's Ship." The man could not believe his eyes and stood still and in awe for several moments, going over every detail of the complex set of schematics. It was only after an hour of the intense study had passed that the man put down the blueprints and snapped his attention over to Berengar, who was staring at him with a smug grin the entire time.

"When do we get started?"

Berengar's smile increased when he heard this, and he began to inform the man of the process.

"It will take roughly a year to construct the shipyard I have in mind; the first of these shipyards will be built in Trieste, others will follow in Pola and Fiume. During the time it takes to build these shipyards, I will be mass-producing pre-manufactured parts so that once the shipyards are completed, we can immediately use an assembly line to construct the ships in a rapid process."

Hearing this, Evio was excited; he could see that Berengar's shipyards would soon be able to produce many of these ships in quick succession if he planned to come to fruition. Despite only looking at one ship's design and overhearing Berengar's plans for the future, the man was wise enough to know that Austria would quickly become the premier maritime power in the world within a decade.

The idea that he would be the one to usher in such a sudden change to the world's power structure brought tingles to the man's spine. He was excited just thinking about it. He quickly reached out his hand and said to Berengar with a joyful expression on his face.

"I look forward to it! I will move to Trieste as soon as I am able and help oversee the construction of the shipyards. Rest assured, your vision for a Grand Austrian Navy will become a reality in just a few years!"

Hearing this, Berengar was filled with excitement; he had taken the first step into establishing himself as a major Naval Power. He could already envision the vast fleets of his future German Empire dominating the world's major trade routes and destroying any enemy foolish enough to try to block his path to world hegemony.

As such, he quickly latched onto the man's hand and shook it fervently with an equally joyous smile on his face. He could tell this would be a lucrative partnership and was glad to have another capable subordinate under his area of influence.

Despite making such a monumental decision on behalf of the Duchy of Austria, Conrad was left utterly unaware that Berengar intended to build a massive fleet and challenge the Venetians, Genoans, and other Mediterranean powers for maritime dominance.

If the boy had known, he would have thrown a tantrum, believing Berengar to be foolish, for how could they possibly construct a powerful enough Navy in such a short period to counter the principal naval powers of the world?

Luckily for Berengar, he was smart enough to keep the young Duke out of the loop. As Regent of Austria, he had full authority to enact these laws while Conrad remained a child. Luckily for Austria, Conrad had no authority, or else the boy would undoubtedly lead them to ruin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213: Trapped in a Cage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Throughout the weeks since Arethas' visit, he traveled across the Meditteranean and got back to Constantinople. At a certain point, the man was struck in the Adriatic sea due to an ongoing storm and thus had just now made his way back with the first arms shipment.

At the moment, Arethas was once more in the Palace of Constantinople, informing Emperor Vetranis about his exploits. The two had gathered in the courtyard outside the palace's walls, where they walked around the beautiful gardens throughout the area.

Unbeknownst to the two individuals, Princess Honoria was nearby playing with her pet falcon. She was trapped inside the palace from a young age, like a bird in its cage. Her only companion throughout this time was her pet falcon, who she had named Heraclius after the great Emperor. At the moment, she was stroking the feathers on the majestic bird's head while the creature perched on her forearm.

A gorgeous smile spread across the young beauty's face as she played with her pet; she began to compliment the bird.

"Oh Heraclius, you have been such a good friend to me all these years. Despite this, our time together grows ever closer to an unjust end. For I fear I will not be able to bring you with me to France where I will be sold off to the Crown Prince as if I were mere cattle. Only you care enough to listen to my complaints..."

The bird was by no means stupid; it could tell the pretty girl that was his master was deeply troubled about something important; as such, it nuzzled its head into her own in an attempt to comfort her.

While Honoria was playing with her falcon, she overheard a conversation being held nearby; with nothing else going on she decided to eavesdrop out of curiosity. After all, any topic her father and one of his greatest generals were discussing would surely stem her overwhelming boredom.

The Emperor Vetranis was smiling as he asked Arethas the question he had been longing to hear.

"So tell me, good Arethas, have you procured the weapons from the West?"

With an excited smile, Arethas nodded his head and confidently proclaimed his success.

"I had managed to do so, though they are not the same weapons that Berengar's forces were equipped with when they crushed the Bavarian invaders. They are still far more advanced than anything else that exists in the known world!"

The Emperor smiled as he nodded with approval before addressing the issue at hand.

"Good! I will set some men to task with reverse-engineering these mighty weapons. However, that may take some time to accomplish, so until then, I want you to procure as many of these Arkebuses as you possibly can get your hands on. The war in Egypt depends on it!"

Arethas quickly bowed his head in respect and responded to the Emperor's request.

"I will do so at the first opportunity!"

Honoria, who was listening nearby, began to pout, she initially thought this conversation would be interesting, but it was just a discussion about a mere arms trade. How impressive could these weapons be? As she was about to get up from her seat and walk away, she heard the topic shift to something more interesting.

The Emperor scratched his beard before asking the question on his mind.

"Tell me the truth Arethas, is what they say about Count Berengar true? Is he the true power behind the Duchy of Austria?"

Arethas sighed heavily before expressing his opinion on the matter.

"Without a doubt, despite only being twenty-one this year, Berengar has risen from the position of a lowly Baron's son to the power behind the Ducal Throne of Austria. The current Duke is nothing more than a young boy whose entire existence can be described as a puppet of Berengar. From the last conversation I had with Berengar, I get the feeling he intends to usurp the position shortly and establish himself as the Duke of Austria."

Honoria was instantly intrigued by this conversation; she had never heard of this Count Berengar, but if what the Strategos said was true, he was an ambitious and clever man to be able to rise to such a prominent position despite his lowly birth and young age. Thus she listened in closely to the conversation, trying to hear every word.

The Emperor responded to Arethas' claims with a slight nod of his head before expressing his approval.

"Truly a talented young man, it is a shame he has made enemies out of most of Europe, the Catholic Church has declared him a heretic for his reformist ideology, in a way it closely resembles that of Jan Hus, the situation in Bohemia has become volatile, and now Austria is following in its footsteps under Berengar's direction. I fear the Catholics will try to have him executed. Do you think Berengar has the power to resist such an attempt?"

Arethas thought about this subject for a few moments before finally giving his response.

"If he continues to expand his military power like he has been doing so? Yes, even if the Pope calls for a new crusade against him and his adherents, he will crush any army that enters his lands. The weapons he has sold us are terrifying, and supposedly the firearms issued to all of his infantry are even more impressive.

It is no wonder he routed the Bavarian forces in a little over a month. I would not be surprised if Berengar used the Papal response to his actions as an excuse to annex his neighbors and create a new Kingdom located in central Europe.

Given a few years to consolidate the power that he has gained over Austria, he will soon have an army that will be entirely unmatched, and I assure you his ambitions do not end with Austria. Mark my words, one day Berengar will be a King."

Hearing these words, Honoria gasped; after doing so, she quickly covered her mouth in fear of her being found out by her father. She did not expect the infamous Strategos of Ionia to praise a stranger from the West so highly. Primarily since until now, she had never heard of this Count Berengar. However, Arethas' words quickly filled Honoria's young mind with images of the young Count of Tyrol as a heroic conqueror on par with the likes of Trajan or Caesar.

Honoria had never met Berengar; she had no idea what he looked like, nor did she even know his surname. Yet just from this conversation, an image of Berengar formed in Honoria's head, and a lasting impression was built.

Finally, she had found a powerful and ambitious man to chase after. Even if she was already engaged to the Crown Prince of France, she had no intentions of marrying such a man and would rather chase after someone like this Count Berengar she had just heard about.

If only she had a way to contact him, thus Honoria began to sulk when she realized that the thoughts she had just now about chasing after Berengar was an impossibility. As long as she was trapped in the palace, she would never be able to meet the man and see if he lived up to the hype.

As such, she quickly sat down onto the bench nearby and once more began to speak to Heraclius, her pet falcon. The young beauty sighed heavily as she did so.

"Oh Heraclius, what am I to do? There is no way for me to contact this Berengar, but if I don't contact him, I will be forced to marry that twink, Aubry. Can my life get any worse?"

Heraclius gazed at Honoria with a curious gaze before taking off into the air and flying away. The bird had become hungry and thus had gone out to hunt. Leaving Honoria by her lonesome as she thought about the issues she faced. As such, Honoria pouted as she expressed the thoughts on her mind.

"Stupid bird!"

As for Arethas and the Emperor, they continued to stroll throughout the garden and discuss various topics; they had long since passed from Honoria's earshot. Thus she could no longer eavesdrop on their discussion.

Vetranis had no knowledge that his daughter had overheard his conversation with Arethas and in doing so taken a fancy to this Berengar from the West. For if he did, he would most certainly try to end such a fascination before it could turn into an infatuation. The last thing he needed was a scandal about his errant daughter running away with some Duke from the West.

Instead, his conversation with Arethas shifted from the topic of Berengar to the war with the Egyptians; with the new weapons acquired from Berengar, his forces would have to be trained in its use, Arethas had informed the Emperor of the pike and shot strategy Berengar had briefly suggested.

Thus, the men had to design a new set of tactics for their armies to overwhelm the Mamluke Sultanate with. With this, they hoped to reclaim the long-lost territories of North Africa and incorporate them into their mighty Empire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214: Establishing the Navy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the moment, Berengar was sitting in his study, overseeing reports on his desk. There were several notes of importance he had to go over. Many of these were focused on the procurement of resources for his vessels.

To accomplish this, Berengar had sent trade representatives to the Kalmar Union in Scandinavia in an attempt to garner an ample supply of oak timber. The reason for this was simple, Norway would be a massive stockpile of such material, and presently there was little demand for it. Thus he could acquire his shipbuilding materials at a low expense.

As for the procurement of hemp to use for his sails, and rope Berengar had already begun growing the product alongside flax for some time. Thus he did not need to spend too much money when it came to acquiring the amount he was missing from his current stockpile.

Berengar needed a powerful fleet of at least three ships if he would send an expedition to the new world. These ships would require thousands of sailors, and he could not purchase such a vast workforce.

Instead, he was at this moment officially signing into law the establishment of the Austrian Navy and had decided to purchase a few carracks from Venice to act as training vessels. They would be docked in Trieste, where he would funnel recruits over to the region to train as sailors.

He severely lacked in sailors for his territory. The Duchy of Austria, despite holding a coastline in the southern tip of K?rnten, an area that belonged to Slovenia and Croatia in his past life, had never bothered developing a Navy. Instead, they merely had trading vessels and fishing boats.

Thus Berengar desired to hire some professionals, and in doing so, looked towards veterans of the Venetian Navy to act as instructors to his new sailors. The expenses for the construction of his Navy were growing by the day, but they had to be made. Without a powerful Navy, his future German Empire would never be able to maintain control over its colonies that would be vital to the success of his Dynasty.

On top of all of this, Berengar had to design a basic training program for the Navy; luckily, he had a little bit of knowledge of the U.S. Navy's basic training program from his previous life; after all, he had an acquaintance who was an officer in the Navy, and they would commonly chat about the differences between Army and Navy life.

Many hours passed, and eventually, Berengar had finished all of the necessary tasks to start the foundation of the Austrian Navy. After the last stroke of his quill was signed, he let out a heavy sigh and leaned back in his leather chair while stretching his muscles before expressing his thoughts aloud.

"The work of a Duke is never finished."

After finishing his work for the day, Berengar left his study and entered the dining hall, where he found Linde and Conrad in another conflict. The sight of which instantly brought a sense of fatigue to Berengar. He could not wait for this little brat to croak finally, but it could not be too sudden. Otherwise, the blame would surely fall on his shoulders, and the other nobles of Austria would be up in arms against him.

Linde was furious. Conrad had said something that had visibly upset her, and she quickly slapped Conrad across the face once more before yelling at him.

"You little brat! Who do you think you are? How dare you call me that!"

Conrad's outbursts were becoming more frequent, and Linde was usually the one who had to put up with his crap. However, the following words that came out of his mouth invoked Linde's ire and Berengar's.

"You fucking whore! Just because you are sleeping with Berengar doesn't mean you get to lay a hand on me!"

Conrad's fists were curled as if he were ready to strike, and the guards were once more moving into position to separate the two; however, when they noticed Berengar's slow approach with a murderous glare in his one good eye, they immediately backed down. The Count wanted to handle this himself.

Just when Conrad was about to pounce on Linde, he felt an arm wrap around his little neck, and as it did so, it quickly began to cut off the supply of oxygen to his brain. Berengar had put the 12-year-old child in a rear-naked choke so tight that within a matter of seconds, the boy passed out. As he did so, Berengar slowly let the kid fall to the ground before releasing the chokehold.

Linde gazed at Berengar with a cruel smile on her luscious lips; she loved it when her man took charge of the situation and hindered those who insulted her or did her harm. This was not the first time he had taken action to protect her against a violent male. She instantly got flashbacks to the time Berengar beat his little brother for his actions.

It only took a few seconds for Conrad to regain consciousness, and when he did, he awoke with a fright; he had no idea where he was or what had happened; when his mind finally adjusted to his surroundings, he saw Berengar and Linde passionately kissing in front of him. Conrad did not know that Berengar had just choked him and instead glared furiously at Linde who was the initial target of his fury.

Upon seeing the boy's gaze, Berengar stopped his public display of affection and put on a terrifying expression as he glared down at Conrad. Berengar slowly kneeled in front of the kid and grabbed him by the throat with his hand, squeezing it tightly, but not tight enough to suffocate the lad. Afterward, he coldly stated a bold threat.

"If I hear you insulting my woman or see you getting violent with her again. I will end you..."

Conrad put on a tough facade, despite the intense fear he felt in his heart before scoffing at Berengar's words.

"Is that a threat?"

Berengar, however coldly shook his head before responding

"It is a promise!"

With that, Berengar stood back up and walked over to the guards in the room who witnessed the entire display; he patted the man on the shoulder who was about to aid Linde before his interruption and said with a smile on his face.

"The Duke is tired; escort him to his room so that he can get some much-needed rest..."

Hearing this, a pair of guards marched over to Conrad and lifted him off the floor, where they then responded with the term.

"Your Grace..." before escorting the boy to his room. All the while, Conrad threw a tantrum.

"Let me go! I command you! I am not tired; God damn it!"

After he was no longer visible and his screams could no longer be heard, Linde giggled slightly before getting in a snide remark.

"The Duke is tired? Really? That was your best excuse?"

Berengar laughed alongside his lover as he wrapped his arms around her and dragged her into his embrace.

"It worked, didn't it?"

After saying that, the couple resumed their passionate display of affection for a few moments; they became ever closer to engaging in carnal relations in the middle of the dining hall, that is, of course, until Berengar spotted Henrietta was sitting at her spot at the dining table with a sheepish expression on her face.

The entire time she was sitting quietly in her spot observing the situation, and now that Berengar was so passionately kissing Linde's breasts, she did not know how to react as such, Berengar froze into place before awkwardly addressing his little sister.

"Oh, Henrietta... I didn't see you there."

hearing this, Linde immediately began to blush; she had utterly forgotten Henrietta was present and had lost herself in the moment. As such, she quietly pulled up her dress which had slightly slid down her body while Berengar was toying with her.

After doing so, she quickly recovered herself and sat in her seat. Henrietta was frozen in place as if she had just seen a ghost. She had no idea how to react to the scene in front of her, and thus she just began to stare into her plate awkwardly.

Luckily not long after, the servants arrived, and with them, the food was prepared for Berengar and his family. This scene broke up the awkward silence that had permeated the air—allowing Berengar and Linde to recover from their embarrassing display just moments earlier.

Thus Berengar enjoyed a lovely meal with his family, all while dreaming about the day he can finally dine on his glorious potato pancakes, as well as consume Bauernfrühstück for breakfast. Both of these things needed potatoes that could only be obtained from the new world. If not for the risks that involved hiring foreign sailors to explore the aforementioned region, he would have gladly done so by now.

However, the new world and its discovery were of vital strategic importance to his future Empire. Thus he would never allow it to be revealed until after he had already begun to seize the most resource-rich lands. These were the thoughts that flowed through Berengar's mind as he dined in silence with his family.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215: Conrads Misdeeds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After being slapped by Linde, and choked out by Berengar. Conrad was forced to return to his room, where he was locked inside for the remainder of the night. Eventually, he fell to sleep, but by the time morning came and he was released from his quarters, he was still fuming with anger over the events that had occurred during the previous night.

Conrad had no say in how his Duchy was being run, Berengar did not inform him of the matters of importance that the man was constantly working on, and as such, Conrad had a lot of free time. However, he was locked away in the Castle of Kufstein without any ability to escape. After all, Berengar did not want the boy causing trouble.

Thus with no authority and no way to entertain himself, the boy became increasingly bitter. As time passed, he eventually found himself bored out of his mind and had begun to behave in childish antics. Yet, those childish antics were always met with a firm slap by Linde. Eventually, those childish antics turned to thoughts of wicked acts.

At the moment, Conrad was walking through the Courtyard, trying to think of a way to get revenge on Linde for how she had always treated him. Eventually, he came across a peculiar sight. Linde was currently putting out multiple saucers filled with milk, and there were a total of three cats who came rushing over to greet her.

The beautiful young woman had a gorgeous smile as she happily petted the cats before allowing them to have some of the milk. Linde was exceptionally fond of cats and had recently taken in a few strays. She made sure that they were given fresh milk from the farm every day.

Berengar had allowed this for three reasons, firstly it made Linde happy, and seeing her happy made him happy. Secondly, he was a cat lover, and as such, he also enjoyed their company. Thirdly, Cats were excellent at hunting pests, and the castle had more than enough rodents running around that needed to be taken care of.

After feeding the Cats, Linde said goodbye and quickly returned to her work as a spymaster; she would be back later that evening to feed the cute little creatures more milk. Seeing the gracious smile on Linde's face as she was around her new pets brought a wicked idea to Conrad's mind.

He may not be able to harm Linde; after all, the guards protected Berengar and his loved ones around the clock, but he could hurt what she cared about. Thus the devious little cunt vowed that later in the day when the patrols had begun to switch shifts, he would sneak into the Courtyard and murder the three cats. Such a thing would surely upset the young woman who had so thoroughly invoked his ire.

After hatching such a vicious plot, Conrad returned to his room, where he began to make preparations. First, he needed a knife, and as such, he headed towards the kitchen where he planned to fetch one.

Thus as Conrad entered the kitchen, he immediately began to behave suspiciously; the kitchen staff all began to question him with their gazes until finally, the boy demanded access to what he desired.

"I need a knife!"

The kitchen staff looked at one another for a few moments before the head chef inquired about the reasoning.

"Why do you need a knife?"

The kitchen staff asking questions immediately caught Conrad off guard; seeing how he never had a servant question his orders, he instantly became outraged and began to rebuke the chef.

"Because I am the Duke, and I ordered you to give me one! Now hand it over!"

The head chef had a look of concern in his eyes as he struggled with the decision. On the one hand, he knew the kid was up to something, and if Conrad did something horrible with a knife he provided, then he would be held responsible.

On the other hand, the boy was right, he was technically the Duke, and though he had no real authority, as a commoner, he could not very well deny the Duke's orders, or else it would expose Berengar's charade.? Considering the two options, the chef thought it was unlikely that Conrad would do anything too vile and thus handed him a kitchen knife before warning the kid.

"Your Grace, this object is dangerous; I suggest you be careful with it!"

Conrad instantly ignored the chef's comments and did not even bother thanking the man. Instead, he immediately returned to his room, where he played with the knife; he could already imagine the look on Linde's face after he cut her cats' throats. He longed to see the woman wailing with tears in her eyes like a hysterical bitch.

These wicked thoughts are what kept him entertained until the time arrived. After he noticed the patrols would be switching shifts soon and that the window of opportunity was near, Conrad quietly snuck out of his room and rushed through the hallways as he tried to act normal. Though the more he did so, the more suspicious he appeared.

While walking through the hallways, Conrad hid the knife under his tunic as he carefully pressed forward. Eventually, he ran into a servant girl and knocked her over. Rather than help her up, he glared at her menacingly, and the girl quickly ran away in fear. Unfortunately for him, this was right in front of the Courtyard, where the cats were housed.

However, the boy was not smart enough to realize he had just created a witness who could testify that he was in the vicinity, and thus he proceeded towards the structure that was constructed to act as a house for the cats. When he approached, the little furballs instantly walked out of their home and greeted him while purring. Everyone in the Castle treated them with exceptional care, knowing they were Linde's pets, and thus they were used to everyone being kind.

The naive little cats did not have the slightest clue of the evil intent that Conrad had. Thus when the three cats approached to sniff him, he unleashed his blade and cut their throats, killing them instantly. Their blood spilled across the cold stone floor of the Courtyard and onto his tunic. However, he did not notice this.

In his wicked mind, merely cutting their throats was not enough to indeed disturb Linde; as such, he quickly proceeded to decapitate the creatures and leave their heads mounted on sticks outside their home, with their bodies mangled below. After he had concluded this brutal and cruel act to a trio of innocent cats, the boy fled back to his room with a knife in hand. Utterly unaware that he left a trail of blood in his wake.

Conrad was by no means a criminal mastermind, and despite believing he had easily gotten away with such actions, he had left multiple pieces of evidence in his wake, with even a witness seeing him shortly before the action happened. Luckily nobody saw him on the way back to his room, or else he could have gotten spooked and killed one of Berengar's servants.

Not long after Conrad returned to his room, a horrific shriek echoed across the Castle; it was so loud that even Berengar heard it in his study. He instantly recognized that the voice belonged to Linde, so Berengar quickly rushed to the scene with his sword in hand. However, before he arrived, his guards had beaten him to the area and began to secure the crime scene.

By the time Berengar had entered the Courtyard to see what had happened, the House guards were keeping the scene in check, and Linde was sobbing like a mother who had just witnessed her children's deaths. Nobody dared to approach her when she was in such an unstable condition. Well, nobody other than Berengar. The moment he saw his lover sobbing in such a manner, he dropped ahold of his sword and rushed over to her, holding the weeping beauty in his arms in an attempt to comfort her.

Gazing at the brutal scene before him, Berengar did not believe this to be an attack on Linde but one on himself. To him, it was clear that this was a veiled threat from one of his political opponents. Stating, "If I can get to your pets, then I can get to your loved ones." Thus as Berengar tried to comfort Linde, he began shouting orders to the nearby guards.

"Lockdown the Castle nobody gets in or out until we find out who is responsible for this! As for the rest of you, begin an investigation into this immediately; I want to know who would dare to engage in such a barbaric display within my territory!"

The guards immediately responded to Berengar's orders by pounding their chests in salute and screaming at the top of their lungs.

"Yes, your excellency!"

With that said, the men quickly got to task and began to lock down the castle, quarantine the area, and search for any potential clues. All while Berengar held onto his weeping lover, comforting her to the best of his ability, in doing so, he made a solemn vow.

"When I find whoever is responsible for this, I will make sure they pay with their blood!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216: A Lovers Fury
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Conrad's horrific actions, the Castle was entirely on lockdown. Like Berengar had ordered, nobody was allowed in or out of the Castle, and the castle garrison immediately was put to task in looking for every clue available. While Berengar and his forces were piecing together what had happened, Conrad had fled to his room where he was currently hiding behind his door, breathing heavily.

The adrenaline and excitement that filled his veins after committing such a heinous act and getting away with it filled his mind with joy. Adrenaline and endorphins pumped through his blood in a way that he had never felt before.

He could get used to this. Or so he thought. However, when he appeared in front of the mirror, he noticed his clothes and hands were stained with blood, and he was still holding onto the murder weapon. He immediately began to panic and stripped his clothes before wrapping them around the murder weapon and tossing it out his window.

Conrad was not exactly the smoothest criminal; not only had he left a massive trail pointing in his direction, but he tossed even more crucial evidence such as the murder weapon and his blood-stained noble clothing outside the window, directly into the bushes below. With the way he had handled this act of cruelty, it was only a matter of time before Berengar found out he did the deed.

Of course, he had no way of knowing this, and thus he grinned in the mirror; he could not wait to kill something else that Linde loved, but the only thing she loved other than those cats was Berengar, Henrietta, and Hans. It would not be easy to inflict harm upon either of those three individuals.

Berengar had for some time suspected Conrad might do something to his son, and thus he had the infant's room constantly under lockdown; only he, Henrietta, and Linde were allowed into the room. Since becoming a father, he had grown paranoid and did not even trust his staff to take care of his infant son.

As for Henrietta, there was no way Conrad could harm her; the little girl was incredibly skittish and would never get near enough to Conrad for him to hurt her; even then, guards followed her around the clock to ensure her safety. If Conrad even attempted to harm the girl, a bayonet wall would be placed in front of him, and he would be killed on the spot.

Thus, for now, he had to wait until Linde found something else she loved, then Conrad would make sure to torment her by taking it away! He could already feel the excitement of doing such a thing. It was just a shame he did not get to see Linde's disturbed face, but her scream was enough for him to enjoy; it replayed itself in his mind on repeat, thinking about such things brought a wicked grin to his face.

As for Berengar, while his forces led an investigation, he had personally buried the three cats that were Linde's dear pets and brought his lover into the bath, where he scrubbed her clean. She was incredibly distraught by the barbaric display that somebody had made out of her pets, and she could not stop sobbing.

Berengar was in the middle of comforting her in this crisis as she held him close and stroked her silky strawberry blonde hair.

"I swear I will find whoever did this and end their miserable existence!"

Berengar was not exactly the best at comforting others; the best he could do was be there for Linde and promise to avenge the cats. Though Linde was sobbing, she managed to make out a phrase.

"Why... why would someone do this? What did I do to deserve this?"

Berengar instantly grabbed ahold of the girl and wrapped her into his embrace as he tried to comfort her once more.

"This is not your fault; if anything, it is mine. I have made too many enemies, somehow they must have gotten to someone in the Castle, and this is their way of warning me! When I find out who plotted this, I will raise their Castle to the ground and butcher their family in front of their eyes!"

Berengar was thoroughly outraged; this act had pressed on three of his reverse scales. First off, it challenged his authority and control over his own home. He would not sleep easily at night knowing that his enemies could so easily accomplish something like this.

Secondly, this was a threat to him, and his loved ones and Berengar did not tolerate threats. To do something like this meant someone was confident enough in their ability that they believed Berengar could not harm them even if he found out their identity, and for that degree of arrogance, he could not abide by it.

Thirdly, and most importantly, the son of a bitch responsible for this savage act had crossed the line in the worst way possible, he had made one of his women cry, and for that, the penalty was death. Berengar did not care who was responsible for making Linde scream; they would face the full might of his wrath!

After a while, the couple finally got out of the bath, where Berengar sent Linde to their room; he also got Henrietta to sleep alongside her. The room was under constant guard by his most elite and loyal units. Men who had served beside him in many battles, and would risk their lives to protect him and his family, men who would never betray him.

After settling these affairs, Berengar sat on his seat of power, where he consumed copious amounts of alcohol, he would sit here until the perpetrator was revealed, and then he would have his vengeance.? An entire night passed before all the evidence was gathered, the head chef, the maid in the hallway, as well as the blood trail, and the blood-stained clothing wrapped around the murder weapon.

All of these things had been gathered before Berengar while he drank from his skull chalice with an ice-cold expression on his face. The Captain of his guard approached Berengar after bringing the evidence before him and began to make his accusation.

"Your excellency, all signs point to Conrad being the perpetrator; there is a blood trail leading to his room. We found his tunic stained in blood and wrapped around the weapon that was used in the killing in a bush below his window. We even have an eyewitness reporting that they saw him enter the courtyard shortly before the crime. The head chef and his entire staff can also testify that Conrad has ordered him to give up a knife earlier in the day without explaining the reason for it."

At this point, Berengar was consumed with rage; however, his rationality told him he couldn't very well kill the legitimate Duke for murdering a few house pets. Nevertheless, something needed to be done, and as such, Berengar asked the question on his mind.

"Where is the boy now?"

The Captain of the guard quickly offered his knowledge in response to his lord's request.

"He is currently contained within his room; we have guards posted outside the door to ensure he does not escape. What do you want us to do with the young Duke, your excellency?"

Berengar thought about it for a few moments before making a shocking declaration.

"Nothing... I will speak to the boy myself. As for the rest of you, swear upon pain of death that you will not reveal the contents of this conversation."

After seeing the murderous glare in Berengar's eyes, everyone in the room who had witnessed the conversation pledged a vow of eternal silence on the matter.

"I swear by the pain of death that I will never reveal the contents of the conversation that has taken place here."

Afterward, Berengar signaled for the people to be dismissed. He then sighed heavily before getting up off his chair and strolling towards Conrad's quarters. When he finally arrived, the guards saluted him, and Berengar gave his command.

"Open it!"

with that, the guards nodded and opened the door that led to Conrad's room; they were about to follow him in when Berengar raised his hand and halted them.

"Stay outside, and make sure nobody enters."

One of the guards immediately protested the decision

"Your excellency, I don't think this is a good idea..."

Yet all he got in return for his warning was a hateful gaze that burned with the fury of a thousand suns; upon seeing that, he quickly shut his trap and did as he was told. Afterward, Berengar proceeded into the room and closed the door behind him, latching it in place.

Upon entering, Berengar saw Conrad staring at him with a nervous expression. He did not realize how he managed to get caught so soon. Berengar was as cold as ice and slowly approached the window where he opened it, allowing the cold breeze of the summer dawn to waft upon him.

After a few moments of silence, he leaned on the wall next to the window and crossed his arms before breaking the silence.

"Conrad, enlighten me if you will because I am dreadfully confused... Are you so arrogant that you believed even after figuring out who was responsible for such a heinous crime that I would not punish you? Or are you simply the most unbelievably stupid criminal in the history of mankind? Did you really believe I would not find out you did it?"

Conrad immediately played dumb and looked away from Berengar as he did so.

"I have no idea what you are talking about..."

With this, Berengar sighed before raising his tone to that of an oppressive Tyrant.

"There is a blood trail that leads directly to your room, your tunic soaked in the blood of the victims was found wrapped around the murder weapon in the bushes below your window, and there were eyewitnesses who can put you within the vicinity of the crime scene shortly before it happened.

On top of all of that, my entire kitchen staff can testify that you showed up and took the murder weapon from their hands. So cut that act, and answer my questions. Why on Earth would you do such a thing? Are you that unsatisfied with the way I am managing the realm that you must resort to threatening me by killing my lover's pets?"

Realizing that he had been caught red-handed, Conrad began to laugh until finally, he asked a question to Berengar that he did not expect.

"Do you have such a glorious image of yourself that you believe I did this to threaten you? This has nothing to do with you, Berengar!"

Berengar was astonished when he heard this; he could not think of another reason why the boy would behave in such a vile manner, and as such, Berengar inquired about the boy's reasoning.

"Then why?"

Conrad immediately gritted his teeth and ground them in a fury before screaming at the top of his lungs.

"To teach that bitch a lesson!"

Hearing that the target of Conrad's attack was not himself but his lover, Berengar's mind immediately became engulfed in fury. He could no longer contain his anger as it quickly consumed all rational thought. If there was one thing that could destroy his logic and reason, it was someone targeting his loved ones.

He was fair game, but those he cared about were strictly off-limits. Despite his devouring rage, he looked at Conrad with a cold and indifferent expression, leading one to believe he was perfectly calm. In doing so, here turned his attention to the light of dawn that slowly began to reveal itself, and as such, he beckoned Conrad over to his side.

"Conrad, come here. I want to show you something..."

Conrad was confused as to why Berengar was so calm, but in his naivety, he did not feel a hint of danger, for Berengar would never kill him off so abruptly. After all, if he had a sudden unexplainable death, it would cause the other lords of Austria to rise against him. As such, he humored Berengar and walked next to him, standing in front of the open window, gazing upon the beautiful sunrise.

After arriving next to Berengar, the young Count of Tyrol began to speak to Conrad in a chilling tone.

"Conrad... Tell me something. Do you know what the punishment is for harming my loved ones?"

Conrad immediately shifted his gaze from the sunrise to Berengar's calm and stoic look before putting on a shit-eating grin; he was extremely confident Berengar would not kill him and as such arrogantly challenged Berengar.

"No, what?"

At that moment, a murderous aura erupted from Berengar and displayed itself through his eyes; the moment it did so, Berengar revealed the penalty for Conrad's crimes.

"Death!"

before Conrad could even react to this statement, Berengar had pushed him over the windowpane, and the boy fell headfirst into the stone courtyard below. The moment his head came into contact with the hard surface, he died on the spot. Conrad was truly and utterly dead, and with his death, the mighty Habsburg Dynasty was brought to an end.

As for Berengar, he gazed coldly upon the scene of his crime for but a moment before leaving Conrad's chambers with an apathetic expression on his face and a murderous glint in his eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217: Preparation is the Key to Survival
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Down on the ground below Conrad's room was the shattered body of a young boy; this boy was the Duke of Austria, that is until moments prior. The servants of the Castle of Kufstein quickly gathered around the corpse and gazed with horror. Though they were aware that this boy was a puppet of Berengar, they could not imagine what events had led to his death.

Quickly the guards gathered and began to secure the scene. Berengar, of course, was long out of sight; he had murdered the boy by defenestrating him, and in doing so, covered his tracks quite well. Not a single soul had seen Berengar in the window with Conrad, and only his most loyal men knew that he had visited the boy during the hour of his death.

Thus while the guards secured the scene, Berengar was sitting on his seat of power, staring off into space. He had a momentary lapse in judgment after hearing that Conrad had murdered Linde's pets specifically to cause the young woman mental anguish and had thrown the boy out of the window and to his untimely demise.

However, by now, Berengar's clarity had returned, and he realized his actions were not only rash but also foolish. With Conrad's death, he had to move up his plans for usurpation by several years. The boy was supposed to die a slow poisoned death that appeared to be a natural illness. Yet now he lies splattered on the stone floor of his Castle courtyard.

This would undoubtedly cause the Nobles of Austria to view Berengar with suspicion, and that was the best-case scenario. The moment Berengar revealed Conrad's death to the rest of the realm, he would potentially face open rebellion. He could undoubtedly manage with his current armies but the results of such a conflict would certainly delay his reforms by a large degree.

Austria still had yet to recover from the war with the Bavarians, and now a few months later, they were once more on the brink of war. Though rebellion against his rule by the higher nobility was a certainty, he had yet to fully prepare for a quick and thorough war with the other nobles. Berengar deeply pondered his next step.

Considering only the people in the Castle of Kufstein knew of Conrad's death, Berengar would try to conceal such a thing as long as he possibly could. At most, he could buy himself a few weeks. How he utilized this brief period would be of critical importance in securing his authority over Austria. However, before he could do anything related to that, he needed an excuse for Conrad's death.

While he was thinking about such an Outcome, Linde arrived in front of him; her eyes were red and puffy from a long night of crying. Despite this, she had a stern look on her face, she knew that by now, Berengar should have some idea who the culprit was behind the death of her beloved pets, and thus she quickly asked him the thought on her mind.

"Did you find the culprit?"

Berengar, who until now was in deep thought reflecting on his actions and the future events that they had spurred, suddenly noticed his beautiful lover standing before him and nodded his head in silence.

Linde bit her lips as she was afraid to ask the perpetrator's identity, but ultimately she felt she needed to know who was responsible for such a heinous act if she were to gain closure; thus, she steeled her resolved and asked the question.

"Who was it?"

Berengar sighed heavily before revealing the identity of the criminal.

"Conrad..."

Hearing this news, a look of disgust and hatred combined itself upon Linde's immaculate heart-shaped face before she finally snapped.

"That bastard! Where is he now!?! I want to punish him severely!"

However, Berengar's following words shocked her completely

"Dead..."

A series of complex emotions overwhelmed the heavenly beauty at this moment; she had no idea how to react to this news. On the one hand, she was glad that justice had been dealt to the sadistic brat for his vile actions.

However, she knew the consequences such a thing could have; as such, she never actually planned to kill him when she heard that the young Duke was responsible for the deaths of her pets. Without realizing it, Linde became increasingly concerned and spat out the question on her mind.

"What did you do?"

Berengar looked around his Great Hall for a few moments, inspecting to see if anyone was listening in before he finally revealed what had transpired moments ago.

"I don't know; It is all a blur. Initially, I intended to scold him, maybe even beat him severely for his actions. However, when he told me that the reason for his wicked deeds was for the sole purpose of causing you anguish, something just snapped in my mind. The next thing I knew, Conrad was falling out the window headfirst into the courtyard below."

Seeing the complicated expression on Berengar's face, Linde quickly approached him and kneeled before him, grabbing ahold of his hand and bringing it to her heart. She understood that his love for her and overwhelming desire to protect her had caused him to lose control of his actions and murder the boy.

She, too, would likely do such a thing if their roles were reversed.? Rather than allow Berengar to reflect on his actions and further stress about them, Linde shifted the topic to something more productive.

"What now?"

With this said, Berengar looked into his lover's sky blue eyes with a solemn expression before revealing the intentions that he had come up with in his mind.

"We conceal his death for as long as possible; during this time, we prepare for war and have our troops armed and ready to march on the other Counties. I need you to gather intelligence, on the other Counts, from Voralberg to the Kustenland. I need to know who will challenge my usurpation and who will bend the knee. As for his cause of death? We will say it was a suicide. Without a proper investigation, nobody will know what has happened here on this day."

Linde quickly nodded; she still had a gloomy expression as she was still troubled by the deaths of her furry little pets, but she knew now was not the time to grieve; work needed to be done. They were in a period of critical importance; one mistake and all of their ambitions would come crashing down around them. Thus she did not have time to mourn her precious pets. After thinking about it for a few moments, the woman spoke her mind.

"I will get it done as quickly as possible. By the time the news is leaked, we will know who are our enemies and who are our allies!"

Seeing the woman he so dearly loved put aside her emotions for the greater good put a bitter smile on Berengar's face as he caressed his lover's glossy strawberry-blonde hair before hugging her tightly.

"I promise when this is all over, I will give you a period of reprieve where you can properly deal with your loss. I know how much you cared for those cats. I swear I will never allow something like this to happen again."

Though Berengar could not see her face, he could tell that the tears Linde had worked so hard to choke back had begun to flood down her exquisite face; she quickly latched onto Berengar and cried to her heart's content for the next few minutes. Afterward, she wiped them from her eyes before thanking Berengar.

"Thank you, and I promise I will have a comprehensive report on your desk by the end of the week!"

Berengar did not keep Linde any longer; he, too, had many matters to attend to in the upcoming days. For starters, he needed to write a series of official declarations of Conrad's demise and his usurpation of the boy's title. Of course, he would only release it after everything was in place for the transition of power in Austria.

Thus Berengar and Linde quickly got to work on preparing for the unknown future. Though it was entirely possible that the other Counts would respect his rise to power and bend the knee peacefully, Berengar was not a man who believed such a thing was likely. To him, it was better to be prepared for the outcome of the war, even if it didn't happen, than it was to hope for the best and leave himself vulnerable.

Berengar had an idea in his head of how this war would play out, but he needed to know for sure. Thus he had set Linde to task to find out who his enemies were. However, Berengar was pretty confident that Count Otto, who ruled over Steiermark, Count Audeger, who ruled over Vorarlberg, and Count Adelbrand, who under Berengar's direction, had replaced his brother Wolfgang as the Count of Salzburg would be aligned with him.

As for the Counties of Upper Austria, Lower Austria, K?rnten, Krain, and the Kustenland? Berengar did not know how they would react to Conrad's death or who they would side with. Thus he needed to prepare himself for the possibility of a Civil War.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218: Surprise Visit
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar and Linde were preparing for the possibility of another war, the Byzantine Princess had an important guest visit her. Though At the moment, Honoria was entertaining herself in the courtyard with her pet Eagle Heraclius, utterly unaware that her fiance was about to see her.

Since Honoria was five, she raised the eastern imperial eagle as her pet, and it was quite honestly her only friend. She was the only daughter of the current Byzantine Emperor, and to say her relationship with her brothers was strained could be considered an understatement.

Since a young age, she had been heavily sheltered by her parents, to the point where she had never even left the palace or its grounds. The only men she had met outside of her family were either her father's subordinates or the various suitors that had heard of her legendary beauty and traveled a long way to meet her.

Despite this, she found every man who attempted to gain her hand in marriage to be genuinely insufferable. Thus she had rejected them all ruthlessly, to the point where she was now fifteen and close to the age of marriage without a fiance. That is until relatively recently where her father had, against her wishes, engaged her to the Crown Prince of France.

Honoria wore a pretty smile and giggled as she played with her pet eagle. Its majestic wingspan revealed itself as it took off into the sky and hovered in the air, like a watchful guardian of its friend and master. However, seeing an unknown man approach Honoria's vicinity, the eagle instantly dived down and got in the man's path.

This man was Aubry de Valois, the Crown Prince of France and Honoria's fiance. He had traveled a great distance to meet the gorgeous young princess whom he was engaged to. However, the moment Honoria saw the man in front of her, a frown instantly spread across her exquisite face, and she merely snubbed the man.

Aubry was by no means a masculine man, even though he was said to be a talented warrior. The young man was overtly feminine not just in his facial features but also in the shape of his body. He was petite, slender, lean, and had the skin of a woman. He had long center-parted dirty blonde hair that went down to his waist and emerald green eyes. If one did not know his identity, they might mistake him for a woman upon first glance.

This was one of the reasons Honoria was not fond of the man; another was that he was a well-known pillow biter. Despite the Catholic Church's and society as a whole's intolerance for homosexuality, it still existed. Sometimes, there were instances of men like Aubry who, despite being infamous for such proclivities, held high positions and were not subjected to the harassment of the Church.

Seeing his fiance in front of him and an eagle blocking his path, Aubry put on a pretty smile as he maintained his distance, the sight of which instantly disgusted Honoria to the core of her being. Afterward, Aubry spoke in a voice so feminine it was virtually indistinguishable from a woman's.

"Honoria! I am so happy to meet you finally! I am Prince Aubrey de Valois of the Kingdom of France! Daddy said you were beautiful; it appears he was not lying; how do you make your skin so pale? It is gorgeous! I wish I had skin as fair as yours."

The man did not even try to hide the fact that he was not the slightest bit interested in Honoria as a woman. The way he complimented her was as if he was another girl seeking beauty tips. Honoria was convinced that if cross-dressing were not a severe offense in Europe, this man would undoubtedly walk around in women's clothes, and nobody would be any the wiser about his actual gender.

As such, Honoria merely snubbed the man and lifted her arm before shouting a command.

"Heraclius, come!" With that, the eastern imperial eagle flew down onto her forearm and perched upon it, where the young princess proceeded to walk away from her fiance without paying him the slightest bit of attention.

Seeing his fiancee flee in the opposite direction, the young man attempted to approach Honoria. However, the moment he got close to her, the eagle known as Heraclius, quickly splayed its wings and cawed at the French Prince.

Though Aubry was a battle-hardened knight, the overprotective nature of the eagle sent a shiver down his spine as he could very clearly feel its killing intent. He immediately became aware that with the eagle protecting Honoria, he would have no way to approach her and accomplish the goal his father had set for him, which was to gain her favor.

After all, the Kingdom of France needed a powerful ally. It was currently engaged in a war with England. Their neighbor to the East was presently embroiled in a civil war, with a notably problematic individual rising to power amid the Chaos. If France wanted to maintain its dominance over European affairs, they would need to cultivate an alliance with the major power of the Mediterranean, and that was the Byzantine Empire.

However, before he could even begin to accomplish such a task, the princess had snubbed him as if he were nothing more than ordinary refuse. Aubry quickly let out a sigh, and seeing that he was the only one around, he promptly began to pout as he expressed his thoughts.

"If only I could marry one of her brothers, it is much easier to seduce a man than it is to befriend a woman, and no man can resist my charms!"

After leaving Aubry behind with his thoughts, Honoria ran into the palace with Heraclius attached to her arm before leading him up to her room, where she quickly shut it behind her. Afterward, the eagle flew over to a perching post and rested upon it while gazing at his master with a mocking expression.

The eagle was brilliant and was essentially making fun of the fact that Honoria would be forced to marry someone who was more woman than a man. Seeing the shit-eating grin on Hercalius' face, Honoria tossed a pillow at the bird before chastising it.

"What are you laughing at!?!"

Heraclius, of course, dodged the attack and landed on the bed in front of Honoria, where she was sprawled out and pouting. She clutched another one of her silk-covered pillows and began to scream into it at the top of her lungs. Of course, the sound was muffled, and nobody but her and Heraclius could hear such a thing.

After releasing her pent-up frustrations, Honoria felt a little bit better about the whole situation, and she began to think aloud, as she so often did when she was alone.

"Am I destined to be sold off to the sissy French Prince and live out the rest of my days as a trophy wife for that fairy?"

Honoria instantly began to bite her luscious pink lips as she continued to pout over the situation she was in.

"Won't somebody save me from this marriage?"

At that moment, she heard a knock on the door and the worried tone of a familiar voice came from the outside.

"Princess, are you in here? I heard that you ran off from the meeting with your fiance. Are you alright?"

Honoria instantly began to pout once more before yelling at the door.

"Go away!"

She knew exactly who was behind the door, and she did not feel like talking to him at the moment. The man standing behind the door was Arethas, and he heavily sighed when he heard these words before acquiescing to the princess's demands.

"As you wish, your highness."

shortly after saying these words, Honoria realized something; she was curious about the conversation that Arethas had with her father not long ago in the royal gardens and thus quickly ran to the door and opened its latch. The act of which surprised Arethas and her subsequent actions further confused him.

Honoria blushed lightly and looked away from Arethas before muttering in a low tone.

"Come in... I have some questions to ask you!"

Hearing that he was welcome, he took the princess up on his offer and entered her room, where he quickly sat down on one of her chairs. The princess herself sat down on the bed and stared awkwardly at the man who had acted as an Uncle to her growing up.

Arethas was one of the Emperor's best generals and was a close personal friend of the family. Though he had been away on campaigns for the last few years, he commonly acted as a confidant for the princess during her childhood since she did not have any friends other than her pet eagle.

After a few moments of silence, Honoria finally cleared her throat and spoke the question on her mind.

"I want to ask you about the man named Berengar..."

Arethas was even further confused when he heard this question; just where had the girl heard that name before? and why was she interested in a lowly Count from across the sea? Nevertheless, since she had asked, he had no choice but to answer to the best of his ability.

"What do you want to know about him?"

Hearing that Arethas was willing to answer her questions, Honoria became quite flustered; she had not thought through the questions she wanted to ask, and so she took a few moments to consider before the first question came to her mind.

"What is he like?"

Arethas thought about this question for a few minutes before giving an honest evaluation of the man.

"Berengar is a ruthless and ambitious man who will do whatever it takes and offend whoever he desires so long as he is capable of achieving his goals..."

Hearing this, Honoria was about to lose interest; though she wanted to be the wife of an ambitious and capable man, she did not care for cruelty. However, before she could entirely give up on the subject, Arethas continued his evaluation.

"Despite this, he is exceptionally benevolent to his friends, family, and the people under his protection. Every time I return to the city he has built, the people seem happier and wealthier than they were prior. He has spent a significant expense on building walls that rival our Theodosian walls around his city to protect his people and has even developed an enhanced system of plumbing and waste disposal to ensure the health of his citizens.

From the interactions I have seen with his family, he seems to care deeply about their safety, health, and happiness. If I had to evaluate the man, I would say he is kindhearted and charitable to his allies but ruthless and tyrannical to his enemies. He will stop at no lengths to protect his loved ones, no matter how vile the actions may be or how powerful the enemies he may make. Berengar von Kufstein is undoubtedly a formidable man, one who is destined for greatness... Assuming he lives long enough to achieve it."

Hearing Arethas, the mighty General of the Byzantine Empire, so thoroughly compliment the man further fueled Honoria's sense of wonder in Berengar. A large twinkle appeared in her mint green eyes as she blurted out the next question on her mind.

"Is he handsome?"

Arethas was taken aback by the statement, though he never wanted to admit it; Berengar was exceptionally handsome and charming; those two aspects added to his natural charisma. Something that Arethas greatly envied about the man.

However, when the princess was the one to ask him the question, he had no choice but to answer honestly. He nodded his head in agreement rather than waste words describing Berengar's appearance.

Hearing that Berengar was handsome on top of his exceptional character made Honoria even more interested in the man. Thus the last question was one of critical importance to her. Thus she began to blush lightly as she poked her index fingers into one another without looking Arethas in the eyes.

"Is he married?"

It took Arethas a while, but he finally understood why this girl was asking about Berengar; as such, he began to chuckle before giving her an honest answer.

"I wouldn't get my hopes up if I were you, my dear princess. Not only is he engaged to a very caring young woman, but he also has a lover on the side who is equally exceptional. Her beauty is not inferior to your own; they also have a child together. I am sorry to say, but it would never work out between you and him.

Even if Berengar is a valued trading partner of the Empire, and one day becomes the ruler of significant power. Your father will never allow you to become a mere concubine, and I doubt Berengar will break his marriage to the girl he is set to marry. I hate to say it, Honoria, but you have to face the facts. You are now engaged to the crown prince of France, and despite your objections, that isn't going to change."

Hearing this news, Honoria's fragile heart nearly imploded, she felt like she had found the perfect companion, but he was already engaged and had a lover, which means there was likely no place for her in his life. On top of that, Arethas had reminded her of her dreaded betrothal. As such, her expression immediately soured, and she nodded her head with lifeless eyes.

Seeing the state of the princess's depression, Arethas felt his heartbreak, but there was nothing he could do about such a thing. As such, he decided to leave her be to have some time to think to herself. After leaving her room and shutting the door behind him, Honoria slowly broke into tears. She would spend the rest of the day moping about her future.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219: Quelling a Rebellion Before it Begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The illumination of high noon gleamed through the windows of Berengar's study, and with it, landed upon his handsome figure. The young Count had a calm expression as he sipped from his tea. In front of him were two people reporting the news he had been waiting for. One of these individuals was his lover Linde, and the other was his close friend and Field Marshal Eckhard.

As Berengar enjoyed the flavor of the chamomile tea, Linde spread a report across his desk; its contents revealed the general attitudes of the noblemen of Austria and how they would react to the news of Conrad's demise and Berengar's declaration of usurpation.

As Berengar read through its contents, Linde announced the general summary of what the report contained.

"As you have expected, Count Audeger, Count Otto, and Count Adelbrand will support you. Their views are simple, to struggle against you is an act of suicide. Besides that, there is a consensus by these Counts and their Vassals that despite losing power in the forms of feudal armies, the economic benefits of tying their dynasties to positions of control over your businesses far outweigh the losses they will suffer because of your reforms."

Berengar nodded in approval when he heard this and continued to read the report; while he did so, Linde further commented on it.

"Upper and Lower Austria will stay out of the conflict entirely. Our spies have reported that while the Count of those Upper Austria is not favorable towards you or your rise to power, his Vassals support your reforms, and without their aid, the Count will not have the armies to rebel against you. As for Lower Austria, as you know it is the crownland ruled by Conrad, with his death it has fallen directly into your hands. As such you will see no resistance in the Northern portion of Austria.

Berengar flipped through the pages while drinking from his tea, nodding in silence. The report was thorough and included far more details than Linde was summarizing; as such, he took the time to read through it while his lover continued to report her findings.

"The regions that are sure to rebel against you when you proclaim yourself Duke are the Counties of K?rnten, Krain, and Kustenland. In other words, the southern regions of Austria. The Counts of those regions are greatly repulsed by your rapid ascension to power and consider you nothing more than a jumped-up Baron. Aside from K?rnten, the other two counties did not personally witness the might of your forces in battle, and as such genuinely believe they might have a chance to stand against you."

While he heard this, Berengar smiled wickedly as he broached the subject with Eckhard, who was standing nearby silently listening to the report.

"Tell me, Field Marshal, how would you handle the situation?"

Eckhard scratched his beard for a few moments while he pondered about the information he had received before coming up with a solution.

"If I were you, I would deploy a few thousand troops to the southern counties under the guise of internal security. After all, since the Bavarian withdrawal, there has been a severe problem with brigands and highwaymen throughout south Austria. The local Lords may be unhappy about it, but you are the Regent of Austria, and as far as they know, Conrad is still alive.

By showing overwhelming force and occupying the regions in the name of internal security, you can squash any form of rebellion before it even begins. The advantage we have is that nobody outside of Kufstein castle is aware of Conrad's death, and before you reveal this card, they can not do anything to rebel.

When you finally announce Conrad's death and that you will be usurping the position of Duke, they will not have the means to fight you, as you will already have occupied their cities and ports—ensuring your rule over the regions.

They might try to foster an insurgency among the local population, but this can be counteracted by introducing your agricultural and industrial reforms; in doing so, the common population will see their daily lives improve and will be less likely to rebel in favor of the local nobility who treat them as slaves. There will be some bloodshed, but it will be minimal, and your reign as Duke over all of Austria will be secured."

Hearing this, Berengar began to tap his fingers on his desk repeatedly for a few moments; this was plausible and was a great way to prevent unnecessary bloodshed in his ascension to the status of a Duke. However, this action plan failed to remove the Counts in power, who would surely continue to scheme against him. Thus Berengar asked the question on his mind.

"If we do this, we will not be able to eliminate the disgruntled noblemen who will do their best to resist my reforms for years to come. How do you suggest we deal with them?"

Before Eckhard could speak up, Linde immediately voiced her opinion on the matter.

"You do not need to worry about this; I have a plan in mind that would allow us to be rid of their treachery permanently while making your ascension of power seem legitimate. As you know, my family is the major Cadet Branch of the main Habsburg line. With Conrad's death, my brother Liutbert is the next in line to inherit the Duchy.

By luring the rebellious Lords to Innsbruck under the guise of a mutiny against your regency, we can gather every nobleman who seeks to defy your rule in one place, where my brother will raise an army against you. After a small battle, he will concede defeat and transfer surrender his claim to the Duchy of Austria in favor of you. In doing so, the mutinous Lords will be rounded up and executed for their treasonous activities.

My brother will be spared as a benevolent action on your part and will be removed from the position of Chancellor as punishment for his alleged betrayal but still allowed to rule over Innsbruck. As for the rebellious Lords' successors they can be persuaded to toe the line."

Linde made sure to emphasize the word persuaded; it would not be done civilly, bribery, skullduggery, even threats could all be used to make sure the successors of these noblemen would do as they were told. Was it corrupt? Sure, however, sometimes underhanded tactics were necessary to achieve his goals, and Berengar understood this.

Hearing his lover come up with such a dastardly plot, a wicked grin spread across Berengar's lips as he nodded his head with approval. He took another sip from his tea before revealing the thoughts on his mind.

"Alright, I approve of this plan. I want all critical areas of the potentially rebellious counties secure before I reveal the news. You two have your work cut out for you, and I expect it accomplished promptly!"

Eckhard saluted Berengar and responded in the affirmative

"Yes, your excellency!"

As for Linde, she put on a sultry smile before seductively responding to Berengar.

"Anything for you, lover..."

After hearing his two subordinates agree to this plan of action, Berengar leaned back in his chair and gave one more order.

"Dismissed!"

Hearing this, Linde quickly got to the task; while Eckhard stayed behind, noticing that his Field Marshal was still in the room, Berengar asked the man for his reasoning.

"Is something the matter?"

Eckhard had a complicated expression on his face. He did not know the whole truth of Conrad's death, but he suspected it was not a suicide as Berengar had proclaimed to the Castle's staff; as such, he closed the door before approaching Berengar, who was sitting calmly in his leather seat.

"Your excellency, I would like to know the truth about what happened with Conrad... I suspect there is more to the story than a simple suicide, and if you did have a hand in this, it completely goes against the long-term plan that you had in place.

Hearing Eckhard's concerns, Berengar quickly placed his head in the palm of his hand and sighed before revealing the truth of the matter to his loyal Field Marshal, albeit with some exaggeration.

"The boy targetted Linde; he killed her pets in an attempt to cause her mental anguish. Not only did he kill them, but he mounted their heads on sticks outside of their home. If he was so wicked that he would murder three innocent cats to harm Linde, what about Hans? Would the brat target my son next? I do not believe he had not thought of such a thing, and as such, I could not take the risk. So I threw him out his window."

Eckhard was shocked about hearing this news; he had no idea that Conrad had become so vile during his stay in Kufstein. As such, he let out a large sigh before speaking his thoughts on the matter.

"If I were in your position, I too would have done such a thing. To think the little brat was so far gone. It is good that he is finally dead; now we can make some real progress in Austria. Alright, I understand the reasoning for your actions now; I had thought you might have become impatient and rushed your rise to power, and for my assumption, I apologize.

After all, it is a man's responsibility to protect his family from all threats. You are correct to assume he would try to harm your family next; even if he did not have such thoughts at the time, he was working up to it. Thank you for being honest with me."

Berengar smiled when Eckhard agreed with his actions; after the brief argument they had over the act of poisoning the boy, he was beginning to suspect that Eckhard might be too soft for the path that Berengar trod upon. Yet, Eckhard's response had alleviated his concerns for the time being as such; Berengar stood up and clasped the man's shoulder while looking into his eyes before speaking the words on his mind.

"It is no problem, my friend. Now go forth and set the army to the task."

Eckhard nodded and smiled at Berengar's response shortly after he departed and began to fulfill his plan to secure the title of Duke for Berengar. With this strategy in mind, Berengar's transition to power would be stable, and his enemies within his domain would be dealt with accordingly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220: The Brigand Act
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The following day Berengar proclaimed the realm of Austria as he passed a controversial law into effect within the entirety of the domain. This law was known as the Brigand Act, and by the time the southern Lords realized it was nothing more than a ruse it would be too late.

"I, Count Berengar von Kufstein, Regent of the Duchy of Austria hereby declare the signing of the Brigand Act into law. Under this act, the soldiers of the Austrian Army, currently comprised of the various units from Tyrol, will be stationed throughout the Counties of Austria to ensure that the plethora of brigands, bandits, highwaymen, and other ruffians who have appeared within our realm since the destruction brought upon it by the Bavarian occupation shall be brought to justice!"

With that said, the Austrian Army, which was simply the Tyrolean Army rebranded under Berengar's regency, was immediately deployed to the regions most afflicted with brigands, that being the counties most likely to rebel against Berengar's transition to power.

Willehelm Krieger stared at the notice in his hands as he rode on horseback towards the region known as Kustenland. This region which was also known as the Austrian Littoral was critical to Berengar's plans to develop a Grand Navy.

Willehelm was a young man of common descent; his father was a man-at-arms like his father before him. He was one of the first men to join Berengar's Army; back during the days when it was considered a militia. He was one of the few members of the Officer class to come from common birth. Through his actions in Bernegar's various campaigns, he had risen to the rank of Captain and was currently leading an effort to eliminate out a group of Brigands who had been occupying a village.

The unit he was in command of was mounted infantry, and they had become at the forefront of the fight against the Brigands in southern Austria. Due to their rapid mobility and exceptional firepower, mounted infantry was one of the most deployed units to combat the ruffians who had been causing trouble for the south. As for the rest of the infantry, cavalry, and artillery units they occupied the cities, towns, and ports of southern Austria. Their total numbers were within the thousands.

Willehelm and his company of soldiers approached the village and noticed that a crude barrier had been set up around it. The brigands who had taken over the town had been using it as their hideout. Seeing that they were still a safe distance away, the troops dismounted before proceeding on foot.

At the moment, an extensive fog filled the air, making it very difficult to see a few yards in front of one's location. Thus they went unnoticed by the brigands who were currently enjoying the dawn by drinking, feasting, and abusing the women and girls of the village that they had occupied. The few men stationed in the poorly constructed watchtowers had no idea that a company of soldiers was advancing onto their position.

The mounted infantry got on top of a hill overlooking the settlement, where a soldier took out his spyglass and surveyed the area; he quickly noticed that there were only half a dozen men on guard. As for the others, it was impossible to know their numbers. However, these ruffians were poorly equipped and could easily be handled. Thus the soldiers began to load their rifled muskets before approaching the palisade on the north side.

After approaching the area, the sappers embedded with the company began to place TNT along with three positions, where they quickly fell back to a safe distance before detonating the explosive compound. A booming echo went off, and the north side of the barrier was turned into shrapnel, as such Willehelm gave the order to fire upon the dizzy and confused ruffians who acted as guards.

Immediately dozens of rifled muskets went off at the six targets, and the minie ball projectiles quickly penetrated through the flesh of the brigands. Large holes appeared in their chests and abdomens as blood sprayed in the air and onto the ground below.

Those who had fired their muskets quickly began to reload, and due to the use of the quick loading tubes they had been provided with, it was a much swifter process than it had been previously. As such, the company of soldiers was fully loaded in a matter of seconds.

Hearing the explosive blast and the sound of firearms being shot off, the brigands who hid within the settlement quickly began to flee from the buildings they were in; they knew their lives were in peril because the Austrian Army was here to deal with them, and they had no intention of sticking around to fight it out.

However, the moment they got into the open, Willehelm gave another order to his soldiers.

"pick your targets and fire at will!"

Thus while perched on the hill above, the company of soldiers fired their rifled muskets into the village below, targeting any man who wielded a weapon in their hands. Before long, those cowardly enough to flee the town were all gunned down, and Willehelm blew his whistle signaling the men to fix bayonets and charge into the settlement.

While the Austrian soldiers charged into the village with bayonets affixed, they immediately came into contact with another wave of brigands, and unleashed their fire upon them, before running them through with their bayonets.

After a brief and bloody scene, most of the bandits were killed and the brigand leader revealed himself. He had a young woman as a hostage and held a blade to her throat as he began to make his demands to the Austrian soldiers who had encircled him.

"Not a step closer! I'm warning you; I will cut this bitches throat!"

Seeing the brigand so close to killing the hostage, Willehelm quickly gave a command to his forces.

"Halt!"

As the soldiers surrounded the man, Willehelm began to negotiate.

"Surrender willingly! Do not pointlessly shed any more blood!"

However, the man began to laugh and chastise Willehelm for his bold words.

"Surrender? Fuck off! You will just execute me! I want a horse and enough food and water for three days! if you don't hand it over to me, I will kill this cunt here, and now I swear to God!"

Seeing that the situation had turned sour, Willehelm immediately backed off and ordered his troops to fulfill the request.

"Do what he says! Quickly!"

However, as he did so, he gave a stern look to the soldier who rushed by and grabbed ahold of him before whispering in the man's ear.

"Bring my horse..."

The man quickly nodded, and as such ran off to the directions where the horses were hitched. Moments later the soldier returned with Willehelm's horse and handed it off to the Captain. Captain Willehelm immediately took control of the reins, and behind the cover of the horse, reached into the holster that lay on the horse's saddle and grabbed ahold of his flintlock pistol, where he quietly cocked the lever.

After doing so, he brought the horse over to the brigand leader and handed the man the reins. Where the man began to laugh and mock Willehelm for his submissive attitude.

"Good! Good! Be a good little soldier..."

As the man hopped onto the horse, he quickly dragged the woman up into his lap, despite her kicking and screaming, and grinned at Captian Willehelm while doing so.

"You have helped me a lot; I'll make sure to free the lass after I have had fun with her."

Right before the man was could snap the reins and ride off into the dawn. The sound of gunfire echoed, and a musket ball pierced through the back of the brigand leader's skull and out the other side. His corpse immediately fell off the horse and onto the ground, where Captain Willehelm could be seen with a smoking pistol a few feet away. Luckily for him, his gun was rifled, and such a shot was easy enough to make without harming the women.

Afterward, he gave another command.

"Clean up the village, and make sure any other brigands who are hiding in the area are killed on the spot; there is no mercy for such villains!"

With that said, the company of soldiers got to task and investigated the village, where they found a few more brigands hiding among the peasants. After discovering these men, they were arrested, lined up against the wall, and summarily executed. This was only one village, but Scenes like this displayed themselves throughout the entire southern portion of Austria.

These actions were merely a cover Berengar used to hide his true intent. Only a tiny portion of the troops sent to the south was used for hunting down the brigands. In reality, Berengar needed less than a thousand men to accomplish these tasks.

Yet instead, he had sent thousands of soldiers into the southern Counties, where he began to house his troops within his enemies' borders.? The vast majority of the soldiers occupied the cities, towns, and ports where Berengar intended to use these forces to instantly squash any rebellion that might take place.

When the Counts of Southern Austria realized that Conrad was dead, they would already be fully occupied by a large armed force—preventing them from revolting against Berengar's rule. Of course, Berengar had other plans in mind for those who resisted his authority, and while the Brigand Act was underway, Berengar began to plot against those who would resist his ascension to power.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221: Setting a Trap
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While the Brigand Act was ongoing in the southern counties of Austria, Berengar began to make a move against the rebellious Counts and their villainous vassals. At the moment, Liutbert was sitting on the seat of his power in Innsbruck, reading a letter. The letter was addressed to him by his devious little sister, who just so happened to be the lover of Count Berengar.

The contents of the letters were a villainous plot devised to eliminate the potential enemies of Berengar while securing the legitimacy needed to ascend to the position of Duke. Liutbert held a unique position in the feudal hierarchy of Austria; with the main Habsburg line destroyed, he was the closest living male heir to the title of Duke. As such, he presented a unique obstacle in Berengar's rise to power.

Liutbert was deathly afraid of Berengar; after all, he had witnessed the impeccable might of the man's army and knew he had no chance contending for the Ducal Throne. On top of that, he was pretty confident his sister would poison him if he dared to act rebelliously against the upstart from Kufstein. Thus he had taken a largely obedient position in regards to Berengar and his rule over Tyrol.

The hope was that the man could gain some benefits for himself and his family by being loyal. So far, it had proven to be a lucrative course of action with Innsbruck becoming the second industrial city of Tyrol; the wealth generated from such a massive business essentially went into his pocket. In contrast, the remainder was paid in tax to Berengar.

Not only that, but the man had been appointed as Chancellor, essentially making him the second ruler over the region, at least in theory. Most of his work was just being delegated tasks Berengar felt he was capable of performing competently. Considering all of these things, Liutbert let out a large sigh before voicing his concerns aloud.

"This is going to be exceptionally difficult to pull off."

After reading his sister's letter, he lit it aflame by using a candle; after doing so, he blew the candle out before getting to work on the task he had been instructed with. Liutbert immediately began to write letters to the noblemen of Austria who were more likely to rebel against Berengar; this included the ones in Tyrol who were upset with Berengar's reforms.

The letters were a request for a meeting in Innsbruck to discuss the future of the realm. These letters contained sensitive information leaked to the Liutbert by his sister Linde to persuade the disgruntled noblemen to appear in the city.

The letter asserted Berengar was a murderer and a usurper who conspired to seize the Ducal Throne of Austria and that with Conrad's passing, Liutbert was the legitimate successor. For the other noblemen, especially the ones upset by Berengar's rapid rise to power and his political reforms, which limited their feudal powers, Liutbert was a far better alternative for the position of Duke.

After sending out the letters, Liutbert waited for the response, and within a matter of weeks, a date was settled for a meeting of the disgruntled noblemen, where they would arrive in Innsbruck. During this time, Berengar's armies successfully occupied the rebellious regions with his armies under the guise of the Brigand Act.

Thus preventing them from rising in rebellion, their only path forward to war would be gathering in Innsbruck and using the forces seemingly designated to the Chancellor's control to resist Berengar's Tyranny. In reality, these were just mercenaries that Liutbert had purchased with Berengar's backing. The actual Garrison of the region would never dare to fight against Berengar's rule as they had been thoroughly indoctrinated by the time they graduated from basic training.

As the weeks passed, the extraordinary meeting was held within Innsbruck, and Liutbert was sitting in his great hall surrounded by the lords and ladies who were naturally resilient to Berengar's ascension and the reforms that came with it. Most of the noblemen and women were of the older generation, as the young Lords and Ladies of Austria were more inclined to believe in Berengar's reforms.

An elderly Count who presided over the County of Kustenland was the first to voice his concerns. He was obese, bald, and had a puffy white beard. He instantly began to speak as he strutted around the great hall floor with a cane in his hand.

"If the news is accurate, and Conrad is dead, then that means that Berengar has already stationed his troops in our lands to prevent a rebellion! Such a devious plot could only be devised by such a low-born member of the nobility.

What is worse, he has seized control of the land on my coastal regions so that he may begin the construction of his shipyards! Does he seek to challenge the Venetians and Genoans at sea? Bah, he is merely asking for trouble.

It has become increasingly apparent that if we do not stand against Berengar now when his armies are stretched thin, then we will never have a chance to remove him from power! I do not know about all of you, but I refuse to go quietly into the night! There must be war!"

Hearing the old count's speech, many other noblemen nodded their heads in agreement; Berengar was a threat to their power. If Conrad was genuinely dead, and the man was making a ploy to become Duke, it was better to fight against him now before he indeed secured his reign.

Liutbert played the part of a puppet perfectly and began to stoke the ire of noblemen and divert attention away from his loyalties.

"Berengar has seized my rightful position as Count of Tyrol; in doing so, he has enacted many reforms throughout the region which have consistently eaten away at the powers and rights of the nobility. If left unchecked, who is to say when there is nothing to distinguish our noble bloodlines from the filthy commoners!

I have been given authority over the forces here in Innsbruck; Berengar has foolishly placed his trust in me, believing myself to be a whipped dog at his command. We will use these forces to march on Kufstein, and in doing so, force his armies that occupy your lands to withdraw, allowing us to raise our forces in rebellion further! The question is, who here will pledge their loyalty to me and take up arms against Berengar the Usurper?"

With this said, the hall immediately resounded in uproar as the rebellious nobleman stumbled over one another to proclaim their loyalty to the man they considered the rightful Duke of Austria. The old fat man was the loudest of the noblemen who were gathered.

"I, Count Berhtolf von Trieste, hereby declare my support and loyalty to the one true Duke of Austria, Liutbert von Habsburg!"

What followed were the cries of several other essential noblemen.

"I Count Edelstein von Klagenfurt hereby pledge my life and loyalty to Liutbert von Habsburg, the Duke of Austria!"

"I Count Fridebraht von Laibach hereby offer my support to the Duke of Austria, Liutbert von Habsburg!"

With the three Counts of the south declaring their open support for Liutbert, the other Lords who had gathered quickly pledged their loyalty to Liutbert and his rebellion. In doing so, they had sealed their fates, for they never expected that this gathering was nothing more than a ruse set up by Berengar and his lover to gather his political rivals into one location.

After the Lords gathered in Innsbruck declared their loyalty to Liutbert and their intent to rebel against Berengar and his regency. Liutbert made a proclomation.

"I accept all of your loyalty, and upon my honor, I promise to lead a force together with the rest of you onto Kufstein! We will strike while Berengar the Usurper is unprepared and quickly put an end to his illegitimate reign!"'

With this said, cheers began to erupt in the crowd. The nobles who had gathered swore that they would follow Liutbert into battle, with the forces stationed in Innsbruck, they felt that they would be fully capable of deposing Berengar and his tyranny, utterly unaware that they were walking into a trap.

As such, the following days were spent preparing for war, with Innsbruck's industrial output focused to a small degree on creating arms and armor for the nobles who had gathered, considering they were unable to bring their equipment with them.

Of course, they were delighted with the advanced designs of the full plate armor that Innsbruck's factories were capable of producing, and while equipped with such fierce armor, felt as if they were invincible in their quest to overthrow a tyrant.

Thus all of the plans were in place for a decisive showdown that would eliminate Berengar's enemies and make it appear as if the transfer of power was legitimate. Soon enough, the two armies would clash in the fields outside Kufstein, the result of which was yet to be seen.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222: Running Away from Home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was preparing for war in an attempt to crush the rebellious nobles of Austria and solidify his power, the Byzantine Emperor was throwing a banquet; the feast had been prepared for the French Prince.

The latter had elected to stay within the borders of the Empire for the time being. It was now his seventeenth birthday, and as such, Emperor Vetranis had prepared a massive celebration for his future son-in-law.

Despite Honoria's protests, she had been dragged from her room and forced to sit beside her effeminate fiance. However, she refused to interact with the young man and pouted silently as she dug into her meal with a distressed expression.

Despite Aubry's best efforts to win Honoria's favor, the young woman refused to associate with him remotely. This had begun to make things complicated for the Byzantine Emperor and the French Host. After all, this young couple was set to wed in a few months, and they were not even on speaking terms.

Ultimately Aubry had given up on being friendly to Honoria and had begun to flirt with one of her brothers, the man in question he was trying to get on more familiar terms with was roughly Berengar's age. Like Berengar, he had proven himself a capable commander despite his young age and was an officer in Arethas' army.

The man's name was Decentius; he had short chocolate hair and deep emerald eyes. Unlike Honoria, his skin had an olive complexion. He was also reasonably tall, at least according to the standards of his people, and had an athletic frame, which was stacked with muscles. One could see the outline of his muscle from his purple and gold tunic that wrapped itself around his torso.

His exceptionally masculine appearance was something that Aubry greatly admired, and as such, he was more than happy to charm the man or attempt to do so. Thus while Honoria ignored her fiance, the boy flirted with another man in the middle of her presence.

"What's your name, handsome?"

At the moment, Aubry was resting his feminine face on his dainty hand while wearing a pretty smile, one that should not usually belong to a young man such as himself. The sight immediately made Decentius uncomfortable; as such, he looked away from the pretty boy before responding.

"Decentius..."

Immediately a look of joy appeared on Aubry's face as he tried to advance the conversation further.

"That is a strong name, truly worthy of a sturdy man such as yourself. Tell me, Decentius, are you a soldier?"

Hearing this compliment, Decentius began to have a look of pride on his face as he boldly declared his feats.

"I am not just a mere soldier, but Tourmarches, second only to the great Strategos Arethas Maniakes!"

Aubry had no idea what a Tourmaches was, but he knew it was some form of a high-ranking officer. In the army of a Strategos, the Tourmaches was the next level of command directly below the position of Strategos. Thus Decentius had quite the position and had served extensively in the war for Egypt, which had made its way to Alexandria at this point.

Aubry pretended to care about his exploits and covered his mouth, gaping in feigned shock before complimenting Decentius further.

"I had no idea you were such a strong and capable commander! Do you mind giving me some advice later, in private perhaps?"

Honoria was forced to witness the sight of her elder brother openly flirting with another man, and it made her stomach churn. It was pretty obvious to her what Aubry wanted. However, men often fell for a pretty face, even if it was attached to a boy, and thus Decentius was foolishly walking right into a trap. Honoria could no longer withstand the sight and instantly began to chastise Decentius.

"Brother, please restrain yourself. It is okay if you want to flirt with men in private, but this is a public occasion, and I am quite embarrassed to be your sister at this moment."

The moment Honoria made her comment, Decentius realized what angle Aubry was playing and immediately freed himself from the boy's charm; in doing so, he coughed before saying.

"It is not like that, Honoria, right Aubry?"

Aubry glared at Honoria as he pouted; the girl just had to ruin his fun. He was beginning to understand why the previous men he had been in a relationship with preferred his company over their wives. As such, he immediately began to respond to Honoria, now that he believed he had her attention.

"Are you perhaps jealous that I am giving your brother more attention than you?"

However, Honoria merely scoffed and began to ignore the boy once more.

The sight of Aubrey with his second-oldest son and Honoria blatantly pointing it out greatly enraged Emperor Vetranis. Truthfully he did not want to engage his daughter with a young man like Aubry, but at this point, he had little choice, France would prove to be a powerful ally, and it was not like there was a man; his little princess would approve of.

She was far too picky when choosing a man, and Vetranis was well aware of her extensive criteria. In his eyes, it was unrealistic to find a man who met the conditions of being ambitious, strong, and domineering while still being kind, compassionate, and gentle. Let alone the standards for physical appearance the girl had.

If such a man existed where he could bridge the duality of overwhelming strength and benevolence, Vetranis believed he most certainly wouldn't be single. Thus he felt Honoria was living in a fantasy if she thought she could find such a man to marry.

As such, Vetranis decided to put his foot down and instantly began to bark at Honoria's improper behavior.

"Honoria! If you can't behave yourself at this banquet, then why don't you remove yourself and go back to your room where you can reflect on your actions! As punishment for your unbecoming attitude, you will go hungry for the night!"

Honoria immediately began to protest this decision; in her mind, she had done nothing wrong. As such, she pounded her dainty fists on the table with a furious expression on her face.

"But father-"

However, before she could finish her train of thought, Vetranis stood up from his chair and pointed towards the exit.

"No buts! Go to your room, and stay in there until you can decide to stop acting like a spoiled brat and behave in a manner of a woman fitting of your position!"

Getting scolded so harshly, especially while in public, immediately made Honoria's mint green eyes fill with tears, and as such, she rushed to her room. She could not comprehend why she was being punished in such a manner. She merely pointed out the illicit behavior between her foolish brother and her queer fiance. Why was she the bad guy?

As such, she quickly entered her room and slammed the door behind her before latching it shut. She spent half an hour crying in her bed before wiping the tears from her eyes and gritting her teeth. If this is what her future entailed, to the point where she would be wed off to a feminine boy who engaged in carnal relations with other men while she had to watch from the side in disgust, then she would prefer to run away from it all.

But where would she go? She had no money, no supplies, and no allies to speak of. Hell, she had never even been outside the palace before. The girl quickly tossed aside the scrolls on her desk in a fit of fury, and in doing so, a map rolled itself across the surface, revealing the contents within. The map of Europe was remarkably detailed, showing the duchies and the individual counties that comprised them.

The moment the map sprawled open, it caught her attention, looking at the Duchy of Austria on the map in front of her instantly reminded the young woman of the image of Berengar that she had conjured in her head some time ago, giving her a brief bit of hope amid the despair that had consumed her heart. This suddenly gave her an idea, maybe, just maybe, if she traveled to Austria and met with Count Berengar, she could prevent her horrible fate.

However, she only had a vague idea of where Berengar lived, as Arethas had not explicitly stated where Berengar was Count. Luckily for her, there was a hint in his full name. She quickly placed her finger on the map of Austria before speaking her thoughts aloud.

"If I remember correctly, the surnames of German nobles are named after the area their rule originated from; if so, that means Berengar is from Kufstein? But where is such a location?"

Curiosity had overwhelmed the young woman at this point, and she quickly went to her unique bookcases, where she promptly retrieved her atlas. It contained a variety of maps comprising of the known world, and as such, she scoured through her resources to find the location of Kufstein.

Though the information in the atlas was largely outdated, it was enough to give her a rough estimate of the journey she had in mind. One thing was sure; if she stayed in Constantinople, she would indeed be forced to marry Aubry. After all, her sixteenth birthday was just around the corner, and as such, she had very little time before she was sold off like a common mule.

After mapping out her journey, Honoria decided her route. She would hire a ship to take her from the Bosphorus to the black sea, where she would then take a riverboat across the Danube and into the borders of Austria.

She would continue her journey across the Danube and into the river Inn where she would enter Kufstein. It was a long journey, and she knew it would be dangerous. However, she refused to stay in Constantinople and awaited her miserable fate.

The only concern she had was what she would use for payment; however, after searching around for something of value, she noticed her jewelry bin which contained many precious stones and metals. As such, she grabbed ahold other her jewelry box and stuffed it into a sack where she placed spare clothes and other necessities.

Heraclius, her pet eagle, noticed her actions and quickly approached the girl with a curious expression. Seeing the curious gaze of her best and only friend, Honoria quickly announced the decision she had come to.

"We are running away, Heraclius; I can't stay in this palace any longer. I would rather die than marry a twink like Aubry!"

The eagle was smart enough to understand her words and nodded his head in response, climbing atop the girl's shoulder. The eagle would watch over her throughout her voyage like a guardian angel, ensuring no harm came to her throughout the perilous journey she was about to embark upon.

After seeing the eagle follow her, Honoria smiled and petted its head with a single finger.

"I can always count on you, Heraclius."

After saying that, the eagle screeched in response, and Honoria finished packing her luggage; after doing so, she decided to make a rope out of her bedsheets and curtains. She proceeded to tie the rope from her bed frame, where she carefully climbed out of her window.

Before climbing out of the window Honoria had managed to toss her luggage into the bushes below. After finding solid footing, she dashed off out of the palace's grounds and towards the harbor of the city. Hopefully, the young princess could charter a voyage before her family found out about her disappearance.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223: Crushing the Rebellion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks had passed since the meeting in Innsbruck and the establishment of the rebellion against Berengear's regency. Letters had been constructed and sent across the realm making accusations of Conrad's death and Berengar's attempt to usurp the position of Duke from the rightful claimant Liutbert.

As Berengar had anticipated, his allies immediately began to back his claims; as for the regions of Upper and Lower Austria, one was technically the crownland ruled by Conrad, who was deceased and thus under Berengar's control. The other was led by a Count who was smart enough not to get involved in this conflict; his realm had already bled too much under Bavarian occupation.

Thus Austria was officially at war once more; however, despite the advance of the rebellion's army into Kufstein Berengar did not pull his forces from the rebellious territories. Instead, he used the troops there to establish control over the region and take hold of the successors of the rebellious noblemen.

When the Rebel Army finally made its way into Kufstein, Berengar met it in the field with his own. The mercenaries used to fight Berengar were roughly 5,000 in total and had been a substantial expense for Liutbert; most came from the Swiss Confederacy and were battle-hardened warriors. They did not fear the fabled might of the Tyrolean Army, mainly due to their ignorance of the weapons and tactics employed by Berengar's forces.

As for Berengar, he brought a force of 5,000 men of his own. As far as the enemy could see, there was no cavalry in sight. Instead, it was comprised of various infantry and artillery units. The artillery was a mixture of his 1417 12 lb Cannons and his Schmidt Guns. Enough of the new weapons had been built since their invention that Berengar could field an entire battery with such weapons.

This would be the first major battle that demonstrated the effectiveness of his Schmidt guns and the quick loading tubes that his forces were now equipped with. The moment the Rebellious armies entered the fray, Berengar ordered his artillery to fire off a few light barrages and for his infantry to wait to fire their muskets until the enemy was within the hundred-yard range.

The reason for this was simple, he wanted an overwhelming victory, and the best way to achieve this was to allow his six puckle guns to fire their canister shot at the enemy and quickly wipe the floor with the army, for that they needed to be within the 75-yard range in order to be most effective.

As such, his cannons fired shells into the mix of the enemy, but they had great resolve and discipline. Thus, they marched through the artillery fire and towards Berengar's army, who had held their position near the puckle guns placed between their ranks.

Despite the explosive shells ravaging the enemy's ranks, they were few. Thus the Swiss mercenaries Liutbert had paid for prayed to God above as they marched within formation directly into the oncoming fire.

When the archers finally reached engagement distance, they began to fire a volley of arrows upon the Tyrolean soldiers, and yet despite this, the Tyroleans stood firm, their superior armor deflected many of the oncoming blows, there were no mortal wounds inflicted upon them as they merely stood still with determination.

While the Swiss mercenaries marched, the old and fat Count of Kustenland twirled his beard between his fingers as he laughed at the sight of the battlefield.

"It appears the effectiveness of Berengar's weapons has been greatly exaggerated! I feel confident that the armies of Innsbruck will be fully capable of defeating the armies of that Tyrant Berengar."

Hearing this, several of the nearby lords agreed with the Count's comments. As for Liutbert, he merely smiled bitterly while thinking to himself.

'these fools have no idea what they have gotten themselves into...'

Shortly after the Count's remarks, the swiss mercenaries advanced into engagement distance, and this is where Berengar's armies displayed their full might. The moment the Rebels ranks moved beyond the 100-yard point, the Tyrolean infantry formed ranks and began to fire a volley into the formations of the Swiss mercenaries.

The moment they did so, thousands of minie balls flew forth and pierced through the mighty brigandine and plate armor of the swiss mercenaries and tore apart their flesh beneath it. Blood splattered into the field, and limbs were scattered from the impact. Blood-curdling screams immediately filled the air, and the Swiss began to fear the results of these strange thunderous weapons.

However, before they could even think of retreating, a second volley had been fired by the Tyrolean infantrymen, who had rapidly reloaded their rifled muskets with their quick loading tubes. Yet that was not the worst of it; the first round of shots fired from the six Schmidt guns instantly found their way through the iron and steel armor of the Swiss Mercenaries and into their torsos and limbs, further adding to the carnage.

A total of 96 musket balls were fired from the first volley of the Schmidt guns alongside the thousands of mine balls fired from the muskets. Yet that was not the end of it, as the Muskets were rapidly reloaded, and the Schmidt guns had quickly fired their next round of shot into the enemy lines.

Over 20,000 rounds had been fired downrange within a matter of minutes. This was the result of the combined use of the rifled muskets, quick tubes, and the Schmidt guns—thoroughly shredding the lines of the Swiss mercenaries and the archers behind them. Not a single man had survived the onslaught of the Tyrolean forces. Before the enemy could even reach melee distance, they had been thoroughly shredded by Berengar's armies.

Even Berengar himself was surprised by the slaughter that had unfolded; the bodies of the Swiss Mercenaries looked as if they were steel sieves filled with blood. Each body contained multiple projectiles. It was an absolute massacre, the likes that even Berengar had not expected.

As for the Rebel lord, they gazed at the carnage inflicted upon their forces in such a short period with overwhelming dread. Just like this, their army had been so thoroughly defeated! They could not imagine what would happen to their troops if they could unite with the forces in their lands!

The fat Count dropped his riding crop before instantly screaming in terror, "Retreat! We can't allow Berengar's forces to capture us!"

However, before any of the Lords could do so, they noticed Cavalry appear from within the tree line that surrounded the battlefield; Berengar had kept a company of cuirassiers nearby to quickly encircle the rebellious Lords moment the battle had turned in Berengar's favor. As such, the enemy Lords promptly found themselves surrounded.

The fat Count immediately tried to negotiate with the Cavalry

"We surren-"

However, before he could finish the words, the cuirassiers raised their pistols and fired them into the formation of encircled Lords shredding every last rebel in the act. Their bodies quickly fell off their horses, turned into the same bloody sieves as the mercenaries in the fields below. As for Liutbert, he had silently moved out of the way and merged into the ranks of the Cuirassiers without the other lords being aware. Thus he was spared their fate.

Shortly after, Berengar's forces began to mop up the battlefield, and Liutbert was brought to Berengar; as the official leader of this rebellion, he had to surrender, and as such, he quickly found himself kneeling before Berengar, who gazed at him with a degree of arrogance in his sapphire eye. Liutbert promptly tossed out the words he was expected to say.

"I Viscount Liutbert von Habsburg, hereby declare my unconditional surrender to Count Berengar von Kufstein, in doing so I relinquish my claims to the title of Duke of Austria in favor of his Grace Berengar von Kufstein, long may he reign!"

With this said, Berengar smiled before tapping Liutbert on the shoulder; in doing so, he voiced his first command as the official Duke of Austria.

"Rise..."

With this, Liutbert rose to his feet, where Berengar quickly reprimanded him.

"Viscount Liutbert von Habsburg, as Chancellor of my Realm, you have incited a rebellion against me, and for that, there is a strict punishment. I hereby relieve you of your position as Chancellor and order you to return to Innsbruck, where you will continue to rule over the area as Viscount."

From the start of this plot, Liutbert was aware that he would lose his position as Chancellor, but to be honest, he was pretty relieved. The job comprised entirely of him being delegated a massive amount of work from Berengar; it had begun to stockpile to an unreasonable degree.

Now that Berengar was the Duke of Austria, he could not imagine the sheer amount of paperwork he would be forced to do. Thus retiring to Innsbruck and living out the rest of his days as a pampered noble was a far better option to him. As such, he responded with a warm smile on his face.

"Yes, your Grace."

With this, the most rebellious of the Lords of Austria was defeated in a single battle; their deaths allowed their successors to take charge, who would be strongarmed by Berengar's forces that occupied their lands into obeying his rule. Berengar was now the undisputed Duke of Austria, and with it, had gained a considerable amount of power and prestige. Yet to an ambitious man like Berengar, this was not enough.

As for his immediate concerns, his goal was to consolidate his power and work through diplomacy to elevate the status of Austria from a Duchy into a Kingdom, allowing Berengar to proclaim himself King. This would take a while to accomplish, and Berengar was in no hurry. Thus after defeating the rebellious Lords in battle, Berengar returned to Kufstein to stabilize Austria and, by extension, his rule.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224: Honorias Journey Part I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After absconding into the night, Honoria quickly proceeded towards the harbor with the intent to charter a ship through the Bosphorus and into the black sea. However, as she walked through the streets, it became increasingly apparent that all kinds of eyes were drawn to her figure. She failed to remain inconspicuous despite her best efforts to cover up her identity by wearing a mint green face veil that had golden embroidery.

There were four reasons for this, for starters she was an exceptional beauty, and the mystique of the veil only added to that. Secondly, she wore extraordinarily lavish mint green clothing that was embroidered in gold. Such attire was uncommon even among the aristocracy. Thirdly she had an eastern imperial eagle perched on her shoulder, and lastly, she gazed upon every sight with a sense of wonder, as if she had been locked up her entire life, never being able to see the city herself.

Because of these factors, she attracted a great deal of attention, so much so that it would be easy to discover her whereabouts when her family noticed her absence. However, Honoria seemed blissfully unaware of the attention she was gathering and thus continued to prance about throughout the city of Constantinople.

As Honoria was walking through the city, the girl quickly got lost and found herself in a dark alley, where a group of street rats approached her. These men were impoverished and wore lustful gazes as they saw the beautiful noblewoman approach them. Seeing a group of strangers in front of her, with hostile glances, Honoria tried to evade them, but as she passed by, one of them grabbed ahold of her arm and forced her to stop.

"Hey, pretty lady, how about you stay here with us? I promise that we will show you a good time..."

Honoria's first instinct was to call the guards, but as she was about to do so, she realized that such an action would only reveal her identity. Surely once the guards realized she was the princess they would force her to return to the palace, which was a result she could not allow. As such, she began to pull her arm away, in doing so alerting Heraclius to the danger.

Before she could make a sound, Heraclius jumped off of her shoulder and dug his talons into the eyes of the man who held onto her wrist. The majestic eagle could quickly tell these men meant to do his master harm and thus lept to her defense.

Talons instantly sunk into the thug's eyes, blinding him in the act. The man screamed in pain as he tried to wrestle the eagle off of his head, but that only made it worse. Eventually, the man's eyeballs were ripped entirely out of his head. His comrades immediately took off in fear; after all, the eagle had given them a glance that stated its intentions. If they stayed around, they too would be maimed.

After pecking the man's skull a few times with his mighty beak, Heraclius left the man to wallow in pain on the ground, forever blinded due to his actions. Seeing Heraclius leap to her defense in such a heroic manner, Honoria praised her pet.

"Good boy Heraclius!'

Upon hearing this, the eagle merely screeched and cleaned off his talons with his tongue before hopping back onto her shoulder. Afterward, Honoria and Heraclius quickly fled the scene, eventually finding their way down the streets. She was truly lost within the confines of the city of Constantinople. Her escape was not going as brilliantly as she had planned.

After walking around in circles for a while Honoria noticed a rundown building in front of her that had a lot of people surrounding it. Realizing she needed to ask for directions the princess quickly approach the building, and when Honoria entered the building she quickly found it filled with women and men dressed in skimpy attire. One of the nearly half-naked women approached Honoria and quickly greeted her. She was rather average-looking, but due to her excessive makeup, she could pass as attractive.

"Welcome to the Jewel of Constantinople, where all your fantasies can come true for a price! Tell me, do you prefer men or women?"

Honoria had no idea that she had just walked into a brothel and was greatly confused by the question; as such, she attempted to figure out where she was.

"I am sorry, I don't quite understand. I'm looking for the harbor. Can you help point me in the right direction?"

The prostitute gazed at Honoria up and down for a few moments while examining the strange girl before her. The woman had a sharp sense of intuition and could almost immediately tell that Honoria was an aristocratic girl who had run away from home. Thus the prostitute took pity and gave her some advice.

"Girl, you should return home. The City of Constantinople can be a dangerous place at night. I suggest running back to your villa before your parents send a search party for you."

Honoria was shocked, she could not fathom how this woman had known she ran away from home, but she instantly began to plead with her to keep it a secret.

"Please don't tell anyone! If father finds out I ran away from home; I will never be able to escape from the palace again!"

The prostitute was greatly shocked when she heard this. She had assumed that Honoria was just a regular noblewoman, but using the word Palace meant there was only one identity of the young woman before her; as such, she blurted out in great surprise.

"Princess Honoria!?!"

The moment she did so, the attention of everyone within earshot quickly gathered towards Honoria's direction. Honoria, of course, acted out of instinct and covered the prostitutes' mouth with her hands.

"Shhh! Quiet!"

After a few moments, Honoria released her hands, and the woman made an awkward laugh.

"Oh, of course, you aren't Princess Honoria! How could the princess leave the palace? Everyone knows the Emperor keeps her locked up for protection."

After making such a laughable excuse, the nearby gazes lost interest and drifted away, leaving the woman to sigh in relief. She made sure nobody was paying attention to the two of them before she grabbed ahold of Honoria's wrist and led her to a secluded area.

"Come with me!"

After arriving in a room reserved for illicit activities, the prostitute shut the door and began to question Honoria instantly.

"Are you really princess Honoria?"

Though Honoria's expression could not be seen beneath her veil, it was apparent she was in a rather depressed state. Eventually, she nodded her head in agreement. As such, the prostitute sighed before asking another question that was on her mind

"What on God's green earth possessed you into running away from home?"

Honoria shuffled around for a few moments with an embarrassed expression before explaining her situation. After nearly half an hour of telling her story, the prostitute sighed once more before scolding her.

"So let me get this straight... You are engaged to the French crown prince. Still, because he is queer, you want to run away from home, and flee to Austria so that you can hide in the region hoping that this Count Berengar, who you have never met before, and who has two women by his side already, is enough of a playboy that he would not mind insulting the Byzantine and French royal families by taking you into his little harem? Do you have any idea how insane that is!?!"

Honoria merely pouted when the prostitute chastised her; she did not expect the woman to question her sanity. Thus Honoria began to pout like a small child who had been caught with her hand in the cookie jar before muttering under her breath.

"It is the best option I could think of..."

The prostitute began to sigh once more as she tried to understand Honoria's thoughts, apparently being locked up in your home with no contact with the outside world was enough to rid one of their common sense. After thinking about it for a few moments, she felt sympathy for the foolish girl and decided to give her a helping hand.

"Are you sure you would rather kill yourself than marry that Prince?"

Honoria had not left out the lengths she would go to to avoid marrying Aubry when she spun her tale; as such, she nodded her head with firm determination in her eyes, which caused the prostitute to further feel pity for the girl. It was as if she were a caged bird finally figuring out she could fly, and as such, something compelled the woman to help Honoria.

"I am probably going to regret this, but my brother owns a merchant's vessel; he has been bringing goods through the black sea and into the Danube for some time now. Though he has never gone as far as Austria, he will take you to your destination for the right price.

We haven't talked in a while; you could say he disapproves of my line of work. However, I can lead you to him and help you secure passage. Come with me; I will make sure you make it to the harbor safely."

After saying that, Honoria felt tears stream down her eyes, this was the first time someone had helped her without wanting anything in return, and as such, she thanked the woman from the bottom of her heart.

"Thank you! You have no idea how much this means to me!"

The prostitute merely shook her head and patted Honoria on her shoulder.

"Just pray that this Count Berengar is foolish enough to take you in. If he has even the slightest amount of common sense, he will ship you back to Constantinople the moment you arrive in his court."

Hearing this, Honoria's heart nearly faltered; however, she quickly got ahold of her resolve; she had already come this far; she might as well see this through. She prayed in her heart that Berengar was the man she believed him to be.

Thus the prostitute and the princess left the brothel and headed towards the harbor where they would meet up with a merchant's vessel and the Captain of it in the hopes that the princess could escape the cage her family had built for her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225: Balancing the Budget
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the rebellion crushed, Berengar had secured his rise to power. As the official Duke of Austria, Berengar now set his armies to protect the borders from possible incursion, and of course, assist with internal security. With this, Berengar had established an era of peace and stability in Austria where he could successfully implement his reforms with little resistance.

As such, the young Duke was currently sitting in his office reviewing expense reports drafted by his House of Lords. At the moment the greatest matter of his military expenses was the expansion of the Navy. As for the Army, Berengar had halted its conscription and maintained its current size. In a time of peace, he allowed for voluntary recruitment only. As such, it required far fewer funds than it previously had.

As for the expenses that were delegated to conscription in the army, they were now set to fuel his Agricultural reforms across all of Austria. At the moment, the Agricultural and Educational sectors were the two most significant portions of his newly established peace-time budget.

By focusing on creating a self-sustaining, mechanized agricultural system across the land and increasing the education of the standard population, Berengar would theoretically be able to drastically improve his workforce and the draftable portion of his society.

At the moment, Berengar's focus was to implement the four-field system, irrigation piping, and phosphate fertilizer across the realm. Though Tyrol had begun to develop such strategies to a wide margin, the rest of Austria undoubtedly lacked agricultural reform. Thus Berengar started with the most simple focus. Mass implementation of mechanization would have to wait a few years for the system to catch up.

While Berengar was hard at work, he heard a knock on his door, and as such, he quickly responded.

"Come in"

to nobody's surprise, the person who had visited Berengar during his work was none other than Linde. As usual, she was ravishing, and at the moment, she was wearing a sky blue dress with white embroidery. This dress was in the typical fashion style that Berengar had introduced to the realm. It was primarily based on Tudor and Elizabethan-style dresses from his previous life.

However, the curious part about all of this was Linde's extravagant jewelry; it was white-gold with sky blue diamonds embellished within it. White gold was not a naturally occurring material; it had to be created by mixing yellow gold and other materials like nickel, silver, or palladium. As such Berengar had introduced the lavish substance into his jewelry industry as a way to replace silver and increase the demand. After all, such luxuries could only be found in Austria at the moment.

As for the magnificent jewels, they were the exceptionally rare blue diamonds and Berengar had paid a significant expense to import these precious gemstones from India via his Byzantine trade contacts in order to provide Linde with a set of Jewels fitting for an Empress.

The dress and the gems paired with her sky blue eyes and strawberry blonde hair perfectly. As such, Berengar was quite shocked at her appearance when she arrived in his room, so much so that his jaw dropped.

This was the first time she had shown the new set of jewels since she had received them, and Berengar was more than impressed. He had every desire to get out of his seat and make love to the woman then and there, but he was not an animal who lived on pure base instinct, and thus he calmed himself before putting such notions aside.

"Love, is there something on your mind?"

Linde did not answer. Instead, she slowly approached the desk where she sat upon it. After enticing Berengar by showing off her mighty cleavage, she slapped his head with a file in her hands that he had not noticed before teasing him.

"Darling, where are you looking? My eyes are up here!"

Seeing that the girl was toying with him, Berengar began to chuckle before grabbing ahold of the file and reading into it. The document requested an increase in funding towards Foreign Aid. However, both Berengar and Linde knew what this request was really for.

Foreign Aid was the expenditure report that Berengar filed for all of his Intelligence expenditures. The reason for this was simple; his spy network officially did not exist, even though everyone knew he had one. To fund this network, he needed a front. Otherwise, there would be a giant gap in the accounting of his government spending which would immediately draw suspicion by any potential onlookers.

Thus Berengar opted to allocate a particular portion of the national budget into "Foreign Aid." Of course, all of these resources went to funding the recruitment, training, deployment, and other resources Berengar's intelligence Agents needed. Berengar quickly signed the request for funds before handing it back to Linde with a smile on his face; after doing so, he made a request of his beautiful young lover while giving her a document of his own.

"Sweetheart, I need you to do something for me. It is time to reform the crude spy network we have developed into a full-scale intelligence department. This is a list of the basic structure that shall be established, and you can make any changes to it that you see fit."

The structure was loosely based on a diagram he had once seen online of the CIA's basic system in his previous life. Linde's official rank and title would be Director of Intelligence, and she could fill the ranks with anyone she saw fit for the positions available. The other important feature of this structural overhaul was the establishment of a training facility for new agents.

Linde looked at the design and nodded her head before agreeing to Berengar's request.

"It might take a while, but I assure you, it will be done in at most two years."

Berengar smiled and nodded at this; the overhaul he was asking for was to create a semi-modern intelligence agency in the medieval era; it was not an easy task to accomplish. However, he trusted Linde was competent enough to fulfill the mission and merely pet her head before responding.

"I know you can do it!"

Linde immediately had ideas to modify the structure to allow for two sub-departments, internal and external intelligence, and adjust the system so these two groups can regularly communicate.

Linde was a prodigy when it came to intrigue, and thus Berengar left the complete product to her imagination. After all, this area of governance was not Berengar's strong point, he had an outline from his previous life, and that was it.

With that said, Linde was about to leave the room and get to work when Berengar held her up.

"Oh, by the way, I have a present for you!"

Linde quickly turned around and looked at Berengar with a hint of suspicion in her eyes. However, when she saw Berengar grab the present from beneath the table, her sky blue eyes grew wide with excitement, and tears instantly began to form within them.

In Berengar's hand was a tiny black kitten with golden eyes. It was precious, and Berengar brought it over to Linde before placing it in her hands.

"I found this little girl on the streetside and figured it was about time you got yourself another pet. I hope you don't mind. I promise this time I will allow no harm to come to it!"

Linde immediately began to pet the little kitten with tears flooding down her cheeks and a broad smile on her face as she hugged it dearly before speaking to it in a soft tone.

"Hey, there little pretty kitty! What should I name you?"

Berengar thought about it for a moment before coming up with a name he felt was appropriate.

"How about Nightshade?"

Linde gave him a stern look before commenting on his naming proclivities

"After the poison? Seriously? You are terrible at picking out names!"

After gazing at the cat with affection and rubbing its chin, Linde came up with a name.

"I am going to call you Midnight after your beautiful dark coat!"

Seeing that Linde was happy, Berengar smiled, and after doing so, his lover hugged him with the kitten placed on her shoulder. As Linde hugged Berengar tightly, she thanked him from the bottom of her heart.

"Thank you!"

Berengar began to pet her glossy strawberry-blonde hair as she thanked him and nodded his head.

"Anything for you..."

After saying that, Linde released Berengar and took her new kitten out of his office. She had much work to get to; aside from looking after Hans and her new pet, she also had to work on overhauling and expanding the intelligence network, and thus she had little time to spare. She would properly thank Berengar for this gift later at night when the couple had finished their daily work.

As for Berengar, he returned to his desk, where he continued to approve the national budget. For the time being, he had many reforms to enact. While signing documents all he could think of was how happy he was to be reincarnated into this alternate world. If he had not died in Afghanistan in his previous life, he likely would have spent the rest of his life alone and in the military.

Yet now he had everything he could ever ask for, and yet it was not enough. The fires of his ambitions had been stoked, and there was no rest for a man such as himself. Thus he would work tirelessly in the upcoming days to advance the Duchy of Austria into a new era.

The age of industry was on the horizon, and he had only just begun to breach its surface. However, before the Industrial Revolution could occur within his lands, the Agricultural revolution had to take shape. Thus, for the time being, he was once more focused on Agriculture.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226: Honorias Journey Part II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

During the night that Honoria had escaped, she had stumbled across a prostitute who had taken pity on her. Despite taking an enormous risk, the woman promised to lead Honoria to the harbor and help her fulfill her wish. That wish was to escape her marriage to the effeminate prince of France and visit Austria, where she might finally get a chance to meet the man who could potentially be her destined partner.

With the prostitute's guidance, it did not take long for the two to arrive at the harbor where a merchant's galley was docked. It was a decent size ship and was fully capable of crossing through rivers like the Danube. After boarding onto the vessel, the duo noticed a man resting on its bow, where he had a book placed over his head and a large jug of wine near his feet.

However, as soon as Honoria and the prostitute saw the man sleeping on his ship beneath the starry sky above, the woman who had accompanied Honoria kicked the man in the shin and chastised him as she did so.

"Agnellus, wake the fuck up!"

After receiving the impact from the woman's kick and hearing her shrill voice as she screamed at him, the man was instantly startled; as he awoke, the book fell from his face and onto the deck of the ship. The moment he looked over, he could see his little sister, whom he had not spoken to for some time, glaring at him as if he was some form of scum for simply resting during the night.

The man struggled to break free from his intoxicated state and began to rub his temples before he fully realized what was going on.

"Melissa? It has been some time... To what do I owe the displeasure?"

At this moment, the man noticed the beautiful young girl next to Melissa, and a lecherous grin appeared on his face. However, after seeing the look on his face, Melissa snapped at him.

"Wipe that disgusting expression off your ugly mug; she isn't some piece of street meat you can buy for the night! This is a noblewoman seeking passage to Austria, and you should show her some respect!"

When Agnellus heard that Honoria was a noblewoman, he quickly cleaned up his act and bowed his head while apologizing.

"Apologies, my Lady, it is just that with the company that Melissa tends to keep; I assumed you were in the same profession..."

Agnellus was smart enough to realize what would happen if he dared to lay his hands on a noblewoman and quickly got his act together. He might be a drunk and a lecher, but he wasn't a fool. Honoria merely nodded in response without saying anything. She was warned on the way over by Melissa that the less she said, the better.

Agnellus just realized that Melissa said this young girl wanted to travel to Austria and immediately became suspicious. As such, he voiced his concerns.

"Austria? That is a long journey; even if you paid me to take you there, I would first have to know why. There is no way a noblewoman like yourself would hire a mere jewelry merchant like me to take you to a foreign country, especially without an escort. Just what kind of trouble have you brought to my doorstep, Melissa?"

Melissa folded her arms before criticizing Agnellus once more; she knew the man would never risk smuggling the princess out of the Empire; the risk was far too significant. Thus, she made up a half-truth about her identity.

"She comes from a minor noble household, and they want to marry her off to some queer. So she's running away; if you know what is good for you, you will keep your mouth shut!"

Hearing this, Agnellus began to scratch his bare chin. This was a complicated situation he found himself in. However, when Honoria reached into her satchel and pulled out a large gold bracelet encrusted with diamonds, the man's natural greed instantly took hold.

Honoria struggled to find her voice amid her anxious state before speaking.

"I... I don't have any money, but I can pay you in fine Jewelry, is this enough?"

Seeing such a high-quality piece of Jewelry, the merchant immediately gazed back and forth between Honoria and his sister with a glance of suspicion before questioning Melissa's statement.

"A minor noble household, huh? There is more going on here..."

Honoria had a worried look in her eyes as she stared at Melissa with a pleading gaze. After seeing how desperate the girl was, the merchant known as Agnellus sighed heavily before deciding.

"Fine... I'll take her, but it is only because I am headed in that direction anyway. There is a lot of business to be had in that part of the world nowadays. Supposedly there is a booming jewelry market in Kufstein with designs that people have never seen before. Come aboard; you can stay in the captain's quarters; I guess I will live with the crew for the next couple of months."

Honoria quickly thanked the man before stepping aboard

"Thank you!"

afterward, she began to walk towards the captain's cabin. However, before she could do so, she ran back and grabbed ahold of Melissa where she hugged her as if she were a dear friend while thanking her.

"Thank you, truly from the bottom of my heart; I thank you for everything you have done for me. I promise never to forget your kindness so long as I draw breath!"

Melissa's cheeks began to flush as she heard such appreciation, and she immediately pried the princess off of her before responding.

"I am just helping out a kindred spirit; go, get on the ship and make yourself ready for the voyage. One last piece of advice is to try to hide in the captain's quarters for as long as possible. The crew members are not to be trusted."

Honoria looked at Melissa with a questioning gaze; she did not know what the woman meant by that. However, she quickly nodded and smiled before saying her farewells.

"Goodbye Melissa, I hope one day we may meet again!"

after doing so, Honoria entered the Captains' cabin, where she laid down on the bed while Heraclius perched on the desk, keeping a watchful eye over his master. Outside of the house, Agnellus began to interrogate his sister for the truth. He had many suspicions and needed to know the level of risk he was taking by smuggling the girl out of the Empire.

"Who is she? What kind of shit have you gotten yourself into?"

Melissa immediately tried to dodge the question.

"I told you she is a minor noble-"

However, before she could finish her sentence, Agnellus cut her off.

"Bullshit! Did you forget that I am a merchant who specializes in trading fine Jewelry? The bracelet that she showed me is worth a fortune! At the very least, she would have to be the daughter of a very wealthy Strategos to afford such a thing. Tell me what I am dealing with and the level of risk I am taking for smuggling her out of the Empire!"

After thinking about it for a few moments, Melissa sighed before revealing the truth.

"She's Princess Honoria, and she is trying to escape a marriage. That part was genuine; she has told me she would rather die than marry that pillow-biter of a prince she is engaged to. You have to protect her, Agnellus! At least so long as she is on your ship...

She has no idea how the real world works! She ran away from home to flee to Austria, hoping to meet with the Count of Tyrol because she had heard a few good stories about him and thinks he is some kind of prince charming! She has never even met the man!"

Agnellus could instantly feel a headache forming in his head, and as such, he placed his forehead in the palm of his hands before quietly scolding his sister.

" Jesus fucking Christ! You want me to smuggle the fucking princess of the Empire out of its borders? Have you gone mad!?! Do you have any idea what the palace guard will do to you when they find out you helped her escape? You will be lucky if all you get is a quick beheading! Why the hell would you help her?"

Melissa began to pout for a few moments before revealing her reasoning.

"Part of it is because I feel pity for her..."

Agnellus eyed his sister carefully before asking her for the remainder of her reasoning.

"And the other part?"

Melissa immediately stamped her feet in protest before blurting out her actual reason for helping Honoria.

"Just once, I would like to see a girl not get screwed over by her family. Is that too much to ask?"

Agnellus was conflicted when he heard this; He was well aware of the reasoning for why Melissa worked as a prostitute, and it essentially had to do with their parents. He rarely spoke to his sister, not because of her profession but because he could not very well look her in the eye after knowing that he had done nothing to stop her fate. As such, he sighed heavily before acquiescing to the request of his little sister.

"Fine, I will take her to Kufstein, and as long as she is on my ship, you have my word I will protect her. However, once she is in Kufstein, she is on her own. I suggest you get the hell out of the city before people realize she is missing! She is not exactly inconspicuous; she has bound to have left a trail to your doorstep!"

Melissa nearly jumped for joy as she latched onto her elder brother and hugged him dearly. Shortly after realizing what she had done, she let go and coughed to avoid the awkward atmosphere that had taken place.

"Thanks! I'll owe you one!"

Agnellus, on the other hand, merely scoffed as he responded to her statement.

"You can repay me by staying safe, seriously get out of town! Go to Athens! or Antioch, but whatever you do, do not stay in Constantinople!"

Melissa nodded her head and smiled before departing. After she left, Agnellus sighed before thinking to himself.

"Fuck me; I am too kindhearted in my old age..."

By the standards of the medieval era, he was, in fact, reasonably old; he was currently in his mid-thirties, and he had seen too much in this life to be considered young. Despite this, he still had a good nature and thus agreed to help Honoria. Partly because of the wealth he would gain from doing so, but more importantly, he too felt bad for the girl.

As such, Agnellus quickly got to work rounding up his crew and preparing to set sail. After realizing who he was smuggling out of the city, he had no desire to stay within its borders longer than necessary. After an hour of preparation, the ship cast off, and for the time being, the crew was unaware that a beautiful young girl was staying in the captain's quarters.

It would be a long journey to Kufstein, with many stops on the way. During this time, Honoria was bound to have some adventures of her own; when she finally reached Kufstein, she would be shocked to find out that Berengar had risen from the position of a Count to that of a Duke in such a short time. Perhaps Berengar would have elevated his title to a King by then; the future was uncertain.

By the time the imperial family of the Byzantine Empire realized that Honoria was missing, she would be long gone, and their only clue which was Melissa would have long since disappeared. Where she ended up, nobody knew. However one thing was sure, she would be better off there than if she had stayed in the confines of Constantinople.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227: Introducing Womens Undergarments
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun shone through the windows of Berengar's castle and into the dining room where Berengar, Linde, and Henrietta had gathered for breakfast. After sitting in their chairs and waiting for the food to arrive, Berengar noticed that Linde was rubbing her back, and out of concern for her health, he began to ask about it.

"Are you alright?"

Linde gazed up at Berengar and immediately responded with a forced smile on her face.

"I am fine; it is just sometimes I get backaches. I wonder why..."

Berengar immediately noticed the two bulbous mounds protruding from her chest and the cleavage they presented in the dress she wore. It did not take long for him to understand his lover's plight, and as he did so, he slapped himself on the forehead before exclaiming.

"Of course! I don't know why I didn't think of it before! Linde, you just gave me a wonderful idea!"

As such, Berengar immediately got up from the table and took off towards his study. Linde knew better than to interrupt her man when he had acquired inspiration. She smiled as Berengar ran away and rested her exquisite face in the palm of her hand as she gazed at Berengar from afar.

Several hours passed since then, and despite not having Breakfast, Berengar was fully satisfied with himself. In this time, he had devised an entire sketchbook filled with various designs for women's undergarments. He did not know why he had not thought of such a thing earlier.

Not only did modern underwear provide ample support to women's breasts, but it also looked incredibly sexy, and Berengar had greatly desired to see Linde in his new designs. Of course, there was also profit to be made, but deep down, all Berengar cared about was seeing Linde dressed in modern underwear.

After completing his designs, he rushed them down to the garment district, where he presented the schematics to the head of his women's fashion sector. As per most decent fashion designers, the director of development for women's fashion in Kufstein was a man. After flipping through the sketchbook with a stoic expression, the man finally placed the book down and gazed at Berengar with a curious expression.

Seeing this, Berengar thought he might have gone a little too far with some of the designs and asked nervously.

"Well, what do you think?"

The man finally broke out into a wide smile before complimenting Berengar.

"Your Grace, you are a genius!"

Hearing the man compliment him in such a manner made Berengar far more confident in the designs he had construed. Because he was a virgin in his past life, Berengar had not seen too many women in their underwear, at least not in person. He was mainly going off of his knowledge from hentai, pornography, and of course, internet searches from pure curiosity.

However, now that he had been reincarnated into a new world with a gorgeous lover by his side, he could finally realize his dreams of having a beautiful girl wear such erotic finery for his pleasure. In the end, is that not what all men desired?

By now, his mind had long since given up on the idea of these creations being created for the sole purpose of helping women and instead had embraced its inner pervert. Of course, he would never let this show on his face, and instead, he smiled at the man he had tasked to create women's clothing.

"I see that you are a man of culture as well..."

The man instantly laughed at Berengar's comment. Despite being a fashion designer, he was one hundred percent heterosexual and a bit of a playboy. He could not wait until he could get every woman in the city dressed in such undergarments.

However, he quickly got to the task at hand.

"So I am guessing you will need some of these for the voluptuous lover of yours, and you will want them quickly, am I right?"

Berengar had felt a sense of kinship with this man since he first introduced his takes on Berengar's initial designs of Tudor and Elizabethan style clothing. The man had a penchant for aesthetics just like himself and knew what made women look good as such; Berengar nodded with a smile on his face.

That was all the signal the fashion designer needed before flipping through Berengar's sketchbook, where he landed on a particular design. It was a pushup bra made of black silk and had a golden floral lace pattern; the panties matched in style and color. After placing his finger above the design, he exclaimed his honest opinion out loud.

"I believe your woman will look fantastic in these; just give me her measurements, and I will have them made by the end of the day!"

Berengar smiled as he boldly proclaimed Linde's measurements with a hint of pride on his face.

"33D-22-33"

The man's draw nearly dropped when he heard this; the only thing he was capable of saying in response to such a thing was the phrase.

"God damn..."

After daydreaming for a bit, he snapped out of it and gave Berengar a quick salute.

"I will have it done in a few hours where I will deliver it to your castle!"

Hearing this, Berengar smiled and began to chat with the man about the finer points of fashion for some time. It was not until evening where the garments were entirely crafted, and he was able to return to the castle with his new gift for Linde in hand. As such, he returned to the court, eager to see what Linde would look like in elegant underwear.

After arriving in the Castle, Berengar immediately began to search for Linde. It took him a while due to the size of the place; he began to wonder how difficult it would be to locate his family when they finally moved into his Grand Palace.

Linde was currently breastfeeding Hans, and when Berengar witnesses the sight, he gazed at her with an envious expression. Seeing Berengar standing in the doorway looking at her with a jealous gaze, Linde began to giggle before taunting the father of her child.

"When he is finished, you can have your fill if you want!"

Hearing such a bold suggestion, even Berengar felt embarrassed, and as such, his cheeks began to flush, and Linde noticed it. However, he quickly calmed himself and fired back at her shameless suggestion with a naughty retort.

"If you are offering, then don't blame me for partaking!"

Hearing Bernegar's response caused Linde to flush with embarrassment; every time she played these word games with Berengar, it usually resulted in her being defeated. She was quick-witted, bold, and sometimes shameless. However, when compared to Berengar and his dirty mind, she could never compete.? After a few moments, she finished up what she was doing and put Hans back in his crib before walking over to Berengar with a sultry smile on her face.

"So tell me, what has gotten you so riled up today?"

Berengar had a smile on his face as he pulled out a paper bag that contained his gift to Linde. He dangled it in front of her as bait before whispering in her ear.

"Let's go back to our room; I have a gift for you."

Linde could tell that it was something personal, and as such, she quietly nodded before holding onto Berengar's hand and following him back to the bedroom. After the door was shut and the curtains were closed, he revealed the contents of the bag.

Linde stared at it for a few moments with a vague idea of what it was for, but she had never seen such flashy undergarments before. As such, Berengar sat back on the side of the bed with his legs crossed and his head is resting on his fist while smiling.

"Go ahead, try them on!"

Linde blushed but considering they were in private and this was a command from her master; she had no choice but to obey. As such, she slowly began to strip off her clothing until only her bare skin remained. Seeing how excited Berengar was, she showed off her divine physique in all its glory before slowly putting on the new panties made of the softest silk.

After dressing in the bottoms, she tried to attach the bra but had difficulty with the hooks on the back. As such, she swiped her hair to the side before asking Berengar to assist her.

"A little help?"

Berengar never thought he would be able to do such a thing, and as such, he leaped at the opportunity; unfortunately for him, he struggled a little bit before he finally got them in place. After Linde's undergarments were fully attached, he asked her the question on his mind.

"So? How does it feel?"

Linde moved around a little bit to get a feel for the design before smiling.

"Much better!"

As such, she walked over to Berengar and began to kiss him passionately, which only further increased his arousal. However, before they got down to business, he moved her over to the bedroom mirror and displayed her beauty to herself.

"You truly are the most beautiful woman I have ever met; you know that?"

Hearing such sweet words, Linde could no longer hold herself back and pushed Berengar on the bed where the two began to make love. By the time they had finished, it was late into the night. Thus this was the ending to the day that Berengar introduced modern women's undergarments to the population of Austria.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228: Developing the Hand Cannon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was taking advantage of this era of peace and stability that he had established to implement his agricultural and educational reforms, his enemies were on the move. In the county of Caernarfonshire within Wales, a group of Knights was gathered.

They were covered head to toe in Churburg pattern plate armor and wore a white and green tabard with a red maltese cross emblazoned upon it. These Knights were recently established as one of the new military orders of the Catholic Church. They were known as the Order of the Red Dragon.

The Order of the red dragon made Caernarfonshire their home and began constructing a mighty castle near the coastline. With near-unlimited funding by the Catholic church to raise their forces, the Order of the Red Dragon had spared no expense in building their fortress.

Currently, an exceptionally tall man who stood well over six feet and six inches was standing next to a man of average height; in doing so, he appeared to dwarf him. This tall man was clad in iron plate armor from head to toe, in the style that was popular in the region.

This man was none other than the Grand Master Gwythyr Bowell, he was standing next to a relatively talented blacksmith who was introducing him to the progress he had made to the task he was assigned.

The blacksmith was eager to show off what he had accomplished and led the tall knight into his workshop, where he had two long poles, each of which had a long metal tube at the end. This tube acted as the barrel of the weapon.

It was an exceptionally crude and primitive firearm, but it was a firearm nonetheless. As such, the Grand Master picked up one of the weapons and observed it for a few moments before asking the question on his mind.

"This is the legendary hand cannon?"

The blacksmith nodded his head with an excited expression on his face.

"I purchased one from a trader who claimed he acquired it from a group in Bohemia. Afterward, I reverse engineered it and manufactured a few of them on my own. Would you like to see how it functions?"

The Grand Master had a stoic expression on his sturdy and scarred face. He merely nodded silently, indicating to the blacksmith to present the weapon. After doing so the man grabbed a spare sheet of iron that had the same thickness as a common breastplate and dragged it out to the courtyard.

The blacksmith placed the iron sheet in front of a hay bale before walking away ten steps, where he began the loading procedure of the hand cannon. The loading of a hand cannon was similar to any other muzzleloading firearm. Albeit far less streamlined.

One would load the powder into the small tube at the end of the stick that acted as a barrel with their powder flask, where they would then add the projectile followed by some form of cloth wadding. After doing so they would pack it down with a stick. Yes, a stick, not a ramrod, these weapons had yet to develop a self-contained ramrod, so they used a separate stick to pack down the powder and projectile.

The firing sequence was completely different from later designs, though. Similar to the flintlock and earlier firearm designs, one would put a bit of powder on the pan. However, that is where the similarities ended.

On this weapon, there was no such thing as a trigger, so what the hand-gunner would have to do is hold the stick under their armpit and use their free hand to light the powder with a slow-burning match. That would then ignite the powder in the weapon and send the projectile flying.

As such, this sequence took a significant amount of time, nearly a minute, to do so. The projectile that was used was nothing more than small rock, instead of a lead or iron ball, because of this it did not achieve as much accuracy as the weapon was capable of, not that it was capable of much.

After firing the weapon, the projectile completely missed the target where the blacksmith began to curse under his breath.

"Mother fucker!"

After venting his frustrations, the blacksmith began the reloading process once more, where he missed his target for a second time. It was only after firing a total of three times that the stone projectile hit its target and bust through the iron plate. The moment it did so, the blacksmith began to cheer aloud.

"Haha!"

Witnessing the lackluster performance of the fabled hand cannon that Berengar's forces had used to triumph over the Teutonic Order, the Grand Master immediately felt something was amiss. Even in large numbers, such a pathetic weapon could not possibly turn the tides of war.

Its reload speed was too long, its accuracy was terrible, and its effective range was laughable. As such, he immediately interrogated the blacksmith about his concerns.

"Are you certain that this is a hand cannon?"

The blacksmith could tell the Grand Master was not pleased and as such he nodded his head with a certain expression.

"Yes, this is a hand cannon. Supposedly there are similar designs across all of Europe, but nothing too different. If you field it in large numbers it can be effective even at close range. The largest problem with such a tactic is acquiring the saltpeter necessary to create gunpowder. The Byzantines are able to get it for cheap from India, but unless you can establish a trade route all the way to the Empire, good luck maintaining a large force of hand-gunners."

Hearing this the man was even more uncertain of how his enemy had acquired so many of these weapons and was able to maintain the necessary gunpowder to supply his armies. He had no way of knowing that a large portion of Berengar's supply of saltpeter came from his own nitraries, as for the rest it was now purchased from the Byzantines with the relationship he had set up with the Empire.

At the behest of the Catholic Church, the various military orders were required to begin experimentation with hand cannons but creating something more effective than the current technology would take years, maybe even decades to achieve.

Reflecting upon his orders, Gwythyr sighed in response to the information he had received. Either the reports of Berengar's weapons were inaccurate, or Berengar had a completely different design of firearms altogether. If it were not for the Vatican's support there would be no way for the Order of the Red Dragon to field these primitive hand cannons, let alone something greater.

Gwythyr coldly looked into the blacksmith's eyes and spoke in a stern tone, in doing so intimidating the man who began to shake.

"I want at least a hundred of these built as quickly as you are able. As for the gunpowder, we will use the church's influence to procure it."

The blacksmith slowly nodded his head as he responded to the Grand Master's request.

"I promise you that I will have them done in a few months' worths of time!"

If Grand Master Gwythyr knew the amount of Muskets Berengar could produce within a few months, he would genuinely lose all hope of winning the upcoming Crusade that the Catholic Church had planned for the German Reformation, or the Berengar Heresy as they continued to refer to it as.

With that said, the Grand Master quickly got back to work to oversee the construction of their Order's first castle. As for the production of Hand Cannons, it was not only the Catholic Church interested in researching and developing such weapons.

After Berengar's overwhelming victory against the Bavarians who invaded Austria, all of Europe had begun to spend as many resources as possible on the research and development of handheld firearms.

Even to the more stubborn Kingdoms like France, it had become increasingly apparent that the era of Knights was coming to an end. If they could not adapt to the circumstances they found themselves in, they would no longer maintain their power.

Berengar had inadvertently sparked a new arms race among all of the European powers. The notions of who could build the best handheld firearm and who could field the most of them had begun to consume the minds of the European Monarchs and Feudal Lords as they rushed whatever asinine design they could develop into production in an attempt to have the slightest advantage over their competitors.

Even if Berengar were aware of such a thing, it would be centuries before the people of this world were capable of developing anything remotely similar to what his troops currently fielded. Despite the fact that there were exceptional geniuses in every era, Berengar's technology was too advanced for the early 15th century to compete with.

Nevertheless, the rapid development of hand cannons in this timeline as a result of Berengar's interference could prove some difficulty to his armed forces. At the very least, it could make sieges more difficult for Berengar to win with minimal casualties. When he finally learned of this arms race that he had inspired, Berengar would be forced to do something about it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229: Advancements in Medicine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the Chemistry department of Kufstein, the lead chemist Aldo von Passau had just made a significant discovery. Something that Berengar had previously hinted to but in no way explained in detail. Upon discovering such a thing, the man began to question how Berengar could know this reality. He was starting to believe that God sent Berengar to lead humanity into a new golden age.

This significant discovery was basic Germ Theory. As part of Berengar's chemistry department, which the young Duke had spent a considerable sum to construct, microscopes were included within the facility's tools. In Berengar's past life, he was an engineer, not a biologist, or a chemist.

However, to graduate from university, he had to have a fundamental knowledge of these subjects. Because of this, he had taught the men in his current chemistry department the basic level of knowledge that pertained to chemistry.

However, these men, especially Aldo, were exceptionally brilliant and eager to learn; as such, they quickly adapted to Berengar's teachings and tested them to see themselves if what Berengar had taught them was pure truth. Of course, Berengar had also taught them the basics of science, such as the scientific method.

While Berengar insisted on creating certain chemicals for medical production like disinfectant alcohol and certain antibiotics used in what was considered over-the-counter antibiotic cream in his previous life, he did not explain how these things functioned. Instead, he said with a wry smile on his face.

"You're the chemist; figure it out!"

The arrogant expression on the young Duke's face as if he knew more about the subject than a man who had spent a lifetime studying the mysteries of the world like Aldo so thoroughly outraged the chemist that he sought to prove Berengar wrong by using his methods against him.

In the end, Aldo had made a particular discovery by using a microscope on a sample of blood from an infected cattle, and that was the existence of bacteria and how some bacteria can cause disease. This discovery caused a great deal of shock within Aldo's mind, and he immediately wanted to replicate this infection on some of the field mice he had gathered.

As such, Aldo would spend the next few weeks cultivating harmful bacteria and infected field mice, where he would use the antibacterial cream on one group while not using it on another to see if he had discovered the function of Berengar's so-called "Antibacterial cream."

In the meantime, Aldo would begin to draft a report on his findings, where he would then hand it to Berengar personally and see the reaction on the man's face. Thus Aldo spent hours writing his conclusions into a somewhat scholarly thesis. After finishing it and allowing it to dry, it was late at night, and as such, Aldo waited until morning to report his findings.

...

While Aldo was advancing his knowledge on chemistry, and basic germ theory, Ewald, who was Berengar's court physician, was permitted by Berengar to study basic anatomy. As such, he had been granted the ability to conduct research on the corpses of several of the dead enemy soldiers Berengar had brought back from the battlefield.

Every time Ewald cut into a cadaver, and examine not only the anatomy that a human was comprised of but also the cause of death of the enemy soldier the man, he was shocked to find his discoveries.

It was not just anatomy that the physician was allowed to practice; he too experimented with microscopes on the blood of humans, both alive and dead, and that of animals. Berengar was more than happy to point the man in the direction that he was most needed in.

As such, the man began to make progress in the fields of surgery and blood transfusions. Through the continued experimentation of both life and deceased human blood, and with proper direction from Berengar and his knowledge from his past life, Ewald had also made a breakthrough in one of the fields he was studying.

That breakthrough was the existence of different blood types. He had determined that there were a total of three blood types, A, B, and C, as he labeled them. However, he could not rule out the possibility of a fourth. As such, he would continue in his research endeavors in the future, but for now, he wanted to report his findings to Berengar as quickly as possible.

If the young Duke was impressed by his performance, he might get more funding and staff to continue his research. As such, after cleaning up his laboratory, he headed towards Berengar's office with great haste. Interestingly enough, he would arrive at Berengar's study at the same time as Aldo.

...

When Berengar's Court Physician and the head of his Chemistry department burst into his door unannounced, he could tell something significant had happened. When he saw the two men clambering among one another to report their findings first, Berengar raised a hand, signaling them to calm themselves before speaking.

"Aldo, you go first."

With this, the man smugly smirked at Ewald before reporting his findings.

"Your Grace, I believe you will be pleased to know that I finally solved the question I asked you long ago?"

Berengar smiled upon hearing this, as he was well aware of what Aldo had been studying for some time and thus motioned for the man to continue, as he set down his report upon Berengar's desk that pertained to his understanding of basic germ theory, and as Berengar read through it, his smile became even broader. While Berengar was reading through his report, Aldo began to speak the results of his experiments aloud.

"Your Grace, I do not know how you were aware of this, but it has become clear to me that you know far more than you let on. The more I experimented with the blood of infected beings, the more I found proof of these so-called bacteria and the ability for them to cause sickness in humans and animals.

I am currently experimenting on a few field mice as to the effectiveness of the antibacterial cream you have ordered me to make, and I promise we will see results shortly. However, I have a feeling you already know how the results will turn out. Thus I decided to report my findings before that study was completed."

Berengar merely smiled at Aldo before complimenting the man.

"You truly are a genius, Aldo; I am beyond impressed with your results in so little time. Continue your good work, and I might be able to give you a few new chemical compounds soon for you to work with! I will also reward you for your findings. Name what it is you desire, and so long as it is within my ability, I will grant it to you."

Aldo bowed respectfully to Berengar before making his request

"If it is not too much trouble, I would like you to send me a fresh bash of young and educated minds so I can help mold them into future Chemists!"

Berengar thought about it for a few moments before responding.

"As soon as I have a group of potential candidates, I will send them your way; you have my word."

With this, Aldo smiled before thanking Berengar

"Thank you, your grace!"

With that, Berengar turned his attention to Ewald, where he began to ask the man what was on his mind.

"Did you have something to report to me as well, Ewald?"

The physician smiled before announcing his results.

"I, too, have made a significant discovery! By experimenting with human blood, I have found several different blood types; they are determined by the presence or lack thereof of specific antigens in the blood. I currently have seen three of these so-called blood types, A, B, and C!

A has the A antigen in the red blood cell and the B antibody in the plasma! B has the B antigen in the red blood cell and the A antibody in the plasma! C has neither A nor B antigens in the blood cells, but both A and B antibodies in the plasma!"

After hearing this, Berengar immediately understood C to the O blood group from his previous life, and thus he decided to declare it as such.

"Should C be called O because there are zero antigens in the blood cells?"

The man thought about it for a few moments before nodding his head in agreement.

"That makes sense."

As with Aldo, all of these scientific terms that the man used were presented by Berengar when he aided them in their studies; without it, they would have no idea what to look for. Under Berengar's guidance, these two men had made significant breakthroughs in the areas of medicine, and Berengar could not be more proud.? As such, Berengar's smile was about as large as it could be when he praised Ewald.

"Well done, Ewald, I too shall grant you a reward for your efforts; tell me what it is you desire?"

The man nodded his head in excitement upon hearing this and made his terms known.

"As with Aldo, I too desire more staffing, but I would also ask for more funding as well."

Berengar nodded his head in agreement when he heard this and accepted the request.

"Done, I will approve of more funding to the scientific fields and split it between your two departments; as for the request for additional staff, I will make the same promise I made with Aldo. As soon as proper candidates present themselves, I will send them your way immediately!"

With this, the two men were exceptionally thankful to Berengar and bowed their heads with respect before departing. After they were long gone from Bernegar's presence, the young Duke pulled out a glass and poured some of the distilled spirits he had been manufacturing into it where he took a sip before sighing heavily, as Berengar did so he expressed the thoughts on his mind aloud.

"Everything is progressing smoothly."

These scientific breakthroughs were just the beginning; he could not wait until the day his people had proper medical care that was not reliant on the backward ways of medieval understanding. This was a significant first step into establishing an era of scientific thinking, especially in medicine!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230: Selecting a Deputy Director
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Within the city of Kufstein, Linde was currently sitting in her favorite tea shop. This time she was sitting alongside a specific female agent who had been instrumental in the victories of Meran and Vienna during Berengar's past campaigns.

Since Berengar had ordered Linde to restructure the intelligence agency into something more modern instead of the primitive method they had been using, she needed a proper Deputy Director, and there was nobody better in her mind than the young woman sitting before her.

Linde had a brilliant mind and was a natural prodigy when it came to intrigue, but there was one area she severely lacked in regards to, and that was field experience. The woman before her had proven capable in not only the art of assassination but sabotage as well.

She had a quick mind and could think critically even while under stress. She had proven fully capable of escaping volatile situations and establishing a proper replacement without the need to go up the ladder of command.

Without her efforts in the field, Berengar's campaigns might have slowed down. Despite the fact that his army's firepower was overwhelming; the removal of specific vital figures and the sabotage of enemy supplies, equipment, and fortification were needed for a swift victory.

This woman's name was Hemma, and she was a Kufstein native. She had grown up in the area as an orphan roaming the streets. The skills she gained in surviving her childhood allowed her to be a capable field agent. Now she would be tasked with helping Linde preside over an appropriate intelligence agency instead of a meager medieval spy network.

The two young women sitting across from one another was quite the sight to behold. The female field agent was considered beautiful by most men's standards; however, when sitting next to Linde, who was considered one of the three heavenly beauties of Austria, even she felt discouraged in her looks.

While sipping from her tea, Linde noticed that Hemma had a dissatisfied expression on her face, and she was not afraid to inquire about the reasoning. As such, she put on a pretty smile that successfully managed to charm the young woman before asking the question on her mind.

"Is something the matter?"

Hemma was by no means a lesbian, but even she could not help but admire Linde's natural beauty and charming personality. As such, she merely sighed before admitting defeat.

"It is nothing serious; I just realized I can't compete with you..."

It took Linde a moment to realize what the woman was talking about; when she did notice, she merely giggled before responding.

"Oh sweetheart, there is no reason to compare yourself with me. You are beautiful in your own way!"

Hemma instantly began to blush when she heard the compliment; as such, she quickly distracted herself by throwing herself into her work. It was a common habit of hers to do so when she felt uncomfortable.

"So why am I here? Is there something you need from me?"

Seeing that the young woman had broached the subject, Linde pulled out a luxurious purse that she carried along with her. The bag was made out of fine black leather and utilized gold fastenings. The latch itself was gold and studded with diamonds in the shape of a heart, and the strap that it was carried by was a golden chain.

The leather purse had a delicate diamond pattern embossed atop the surface. Seeing such an elegant handbag, Hemma immediately gazed upon it with envy.? However, after retrieving a few documents, Linde stashed the purse away below the table before handing the young woman the papers.

The woman quickly glanced at the title, which read as follows.

"Austrian Intelligence Agency"

Seeing such words written on the paper, the woman immediately asked Linde what the documents pertained to.

"What is this?"

Linde merely smiled with a charming appearance before announcing Berengar's plan.

"We are going under a restructure in an attempt to make things more efficient. These documents contain the details; I want you to read through them thoroughly and then burn them. I will be forward with you, Hemma; I need a talented field agent with a quick mind to act as my second in command.

You have proven yourself among the greatest of my field agents, and I think it is about time you receive a promotion worthy of your efforts. What do you say? Will you be my Deputy Director?"

Hemma quickly glanced through the documents, trying to understand the duties of her position. The new job was much more demanding, but it was also far less dangerous and had much higher pay and accommodations. As such, she was quickly enticed by the offer presented to her.

However, she honestly did not believe she was qualified for such a position and, as such, asked the question on her mind.

"Why me? Surely others are more qualified, who have more leadership experience?"

Upon hearing this, Linde raised two fingers before answering the woman's question with a serious expression.

"I have two reasons; first and foremost, I need someone who is acquainted with the field and who can properly direct the field agents in their endeavors; it is an area I am severely lacking. As far as leadership experience goes, others are more qualified in that regard but lack your knowledge of the conditions of the field."

After saying this, Linde allowed Hemma to respond, and as such, the young woman asked the question on her mind.

"And your second reason?"

After hearing this, Linde sighed and rested her pretty face in the palm of her head while staring out the window before answering.

"I needed a woman to fulfill the role; if I spent most of my day in the company of another man Berengar is likely to have him lined up against the wall and shot out of jealousy..."

Hearing this, Hemma assumed Linde was joking and began to giggle; however, the cold gaze Linde gave her before responding sent chills down the woman's spine.

"I'm not joking..."

After saying this, there was a long and awkward silence, that is, of course, until Linde began to stretch her back while yawning; after doing so, she revealed the rest of her thoughts.

"Seeing as how that is the case, you are by far the most qualified to fulfill the position. If anyone has the gall to complain, send them to me, and I will explain why you have the position in full detail. It would be entertaining to see the look on their faces when I ask them how they feel about being executed due to Berengar's jealous nature."

Saying this, Linde immediately began to giggle with a charming smile on her face, to the point where Hemma was concerned about Linde's state of mind considering that she could find something so horrible to be entertaining.? After joking around for a few minutes, Linde asked Hemma about her decision.

"So what do you say? Do you want the position or not?"

Hemma thought about it clearly for a few moments, nodding her head in agreement before formally declaring her intent.

"I accept!"

With that said, Linde smiled once more before taking a sip from her tea; after doing so, she responded to Hemma.

"Good, take those documents home and read them thoroughly; after doing so, burn them. I don't want any evidence of our department existing."

As such, Linde began to get up from her seat and grabbed ahold of her luxurious hand bag where she picked out a few silver coins and placed them on the table as compensation for the tea and cookies. After doing so, she closed the purse and slung it around her shoulder.

The black and gold bag matched perfectly with her exquisite dress that was in the same color scheme, so much so that every man in the shop had their eyes on Linde throughout the entirety of her conversation with Hemma.

She was like a goddess to the men of Kufstein, and just like a goddess; she was utterly untouchable; after all, she was the Duke's woman, and everyone knew it.? Seeing as Linde was about to leave, Hemma called out to her and asked the question on her mind.

"What do you intend to do now?"

Linde thought about it for a few moments before putting on a sultry smile and boldly announcing in front of the entire tea shop.

"I am going to go satisfy my man!"

The moment Hemma heard this, she nearly dropped her jaw; she could not comprehend how Linde could say something so shameless in a public setting like this. Nor could she understand how Linde got so much work done while living in the Castle with Berengar. If this is how they spent their days, it was a wonder that the spy network had grown to its current extent.

It was at this moment she had a sudden realization, was this position she had just gained nothing more than a way to relieve some of the pressure on Linde's so that the young enchantress could spend more time with Berengar? Hemma immediately began to lament her decision, but it was too late now she was unofficially the Deputy Director of the Austrian Intelligence Agency, which officially did not exist.

With that said, Linde returned to the castle where she made good on her promise, immediately distracting Berengar from his ongoing work and dragging him to the bedroom for a little bit of mutual stress relief. As usual, the young couple was going at it like rabbits; by now, Berengar had learned his lesson and was smart enough to play it safe and not knock up Linde for a second time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231: Honorias Journey Part III
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It had been close to a week since Honoria and the galley she was on first departed from Constantinople; they quickly passed through the Bosphorus and into the black sea. During this time, she stayed entirely in the captain's quarters, where she was allotted as her personal space by Agnellus.

The man commonly brought her and her pet eagle, Heraclius, food, and water to sustain themselves. Honoria did not have much to do during this time, so she merely entertained herself by daydreaming about what it would be like when she finally arrived in Kufstein and met with Berengar face to face.

She was like a young girl who had her first crush; though she never met the man, she could already envision what he looked like. She imagined Berengar to have blonde hair and blue eyes as she mistakingly believed that all Germans had.

However, the image in her head was slightly different from the real Berengar. Her imagination of Berengar was not scarred from battle and lacked the eyepatch. He also had shoulder-length hair that was center-parted and was not quite as handsome as the actual man.

She would be greatly surprised when she finally met the real Berengar and realized he was even better looking than she thought he would be. Nevertheless, in her mind, she imagined all kinds of scenarios. Maybe he would leave his two women and marry her instead. Or perhaps he would do something scandalous like add her to his harem.

She began to blush as she imagined the thought of a lowly count keeping an imperial princess like her in his harem; it was simply too outrageous for her inexperienced mind to handle; as such, she quickly shook her head and stuffed it face-first into her pillow.

Heraclius merely gazed at the girl like she were an idiot and screeched in response. Hearing his voice made Honoria look out from above her pillow and glared at the bird. It was clear that she had taken offense to whatever the bird had said.

Whether Honoria understood the eagle's words or simply was so well accustomed with the bird that she knew his general intent by the pitch of his screech, the fact remained that she was not pleased with what Heraclius had said, and as such, she chastised him.

"I am not! You should mind your words Heraclius!"

However, her fun was quickly interrupted by a knock on the door and the voice of Agnellus behind it.

"Can I come in?"

Honoria rushed over to the door and slightly cracked it open while peering outside. Seeing the friendly gaze of Agnellus, she let out a sigh of relief before asking the question on her mind.

"What is it?"

Agnellus instantly began to scratch his chin as he informed the princess of the journey's current progress.

"We are about to pass through the Empire's borders at the Black Sea and enter the Danube. When we reach the first major town in Wallachia, we will be stopping for supplies and trade. If you wish, you can stretch your legs then and get some fresh air. If you do want to wander into the town, I suggest you stay close by my side. You never know who is out to harm you."

Agnellus's sister had reminded him to watch out for Honoria, and as such, he did not intend to let any harm befall the naive and innocent young girl. If something happened to her on his watch, the Byzantine Imperial Family would massacre his entire family in the act of vengeance if they were ever to find out.

After hearing this, a pretty smile formed itself on Honoria's pink lips. She was excited to get out of this cabin and see the world. As such, she quickly nodded her head and expressed her desire to get off the ship when they arrived.

"I look forward to it; I promise I won't cause any trouble!"

Having heard this, Agnellus sighed before muttering beneath his breath.

"Don't make promises you can't keep..."

Of course, Honoria did not hear what he said, and as such, Agnellus departed without incident. Agnellus was a practical man, and having Honoria on the ship was already an enormous risk, but bringing her into a town in Wallachia, she was bound to cause trouble. Nevertheless, he couldn't just keep her locked up for the entire journey. That would be inhumane.

Honoria quickly closed the door after Agnellus left and had a broad smile on her face; she could finally see what the world looked like! She could hardly contain her excitement and instantly began to tell Heraclius of the good news. Of course, as an Eagle, he had excellent hearing and had already figured out the details from the conversation at the doorway.

That did not prevent Honoria from repeating it, though.

"Heraclius! We are finally going to get to some solid ground! I can't wait to mingle with the local Wallachians; I wonder what they are like?"

Heraclius merely rolled his eyes at the naive girl; he could already feel a headache taking over; he would be forced to protect her from wicked men once more, or so the proud eagle thought within its mind.

An hour later, the ship docked in a medium-sized river town along the Danube in Wallachia. This town was called Br?ila and was the main harbor of Wallachia. After docking on the ship, Agnellus knocked on the cabin's door, where Honoria quickly opened it with a wide grin on her face.

Seeing the young princess was so pretty and naive, Agnellus threw a set of less luxurious clothing in her direction that featured a shawl. After doing so, he said in a severe tone.

"Wear this, and keep your face covered at all times; I don't want any trouble to occur because of your appearance."

Hearing this, Honoria was perplexed; after all, she was completely unaware of the degree of beauty she naturally possessed. If she were to walk around uncovered, it would surely attract attention.

Despite the question in her heart, she was obedient and shut the door, where she quickly changed out of her lavish attire and into something much more modest. She quickly covered her head and face with the shawl before revealing herself outside the cabin's entrance.

The shawl resembled that of a catholic headscarf, and when combined with a face veil, perfectly covered up the girl's natural beauty, aside from her glimmering mint green eyes. Seeing she was covered correctly, Agnellus began to escort her off the ship.

In doing so, the rest of the crew gazed upon Honoria with curious expressions, they knew there was a VIP staying within the captain's cabin, but they had no idea it was a woman. Some of them had more wicked thoughts in their heads, and others were merely curious, but the way Agnellus glared at his crew immediately halted any inappropriate ideas that the men might be scheming.

As they entered the town, Heraclius took off into the air, watching Honoria from above like a guardian angel. He felt cramped within the cabin since they left Constantinople and needed to spread his wings for a bit. However, he never let Honoria out of his vigilant gaze.

As for Agnellus, he made sure the young girl stayed close by so that she didn't get herself into any trouble. While his crew was out purchasing the necessary supplies for the journey, and others were paying a visit to the local brothels, Agnellus was stuck babysitting the young princess.

Eventually, the young princess spotted a store that caught her interest. It was a local tailor. She had a great interest in seeing the local designs that Wallachian women wore; she was so excited she ran ahead from Agnellus.

Upon seeing this, the man almost called out to her before realizing that he did not know what to call her, he very well couldn't call her by her first name, but if he used her honorific, it would immediately alert people to her position.

Thus all he could do was chase after Honoria as she rushed towards the tailors. However, before Honoria could enter the building, she ran into a well-dressed man and fell onto her butt; as she looked up, she saw a young man with shoulder-length jet black hair and amber eyes glare at her with a sense of fury in his eyes.

However, when he noticed Honoria's flawless mint green eyes beneath her headdress, his furious gaze disappeared. And a wicked smile appeared on his face. This young man was a mighty Boyar of Wallachia, a high-ranking nobleman, and he was quite the handsome individual.

Because of this, he was particularly lecherous, and he had enough experience to instantly realize the excellent shape of Honoria's body hidden beneath her clothing. Seeing how she was dressed as a peasant woman, the Boyar began to take advantage of the situation and scolded the girl in front of him.

"Do you have any idea who I am? How dare you ruined my expensive coat! I demand payment!"

It was only then that Honoria realized that the mud from the streets had splashed onto the man's coat, and seeing as how she had no money, she did not know how to react to this. As such, she lowered her head and apologized.

"I am sorry, but I don't have any money to repay you for the damage I have caused."

Hearing this, the Boyar was even more confident that the girl was an impoverished peasant, and thus he began to lick his lips as he imagined what form of beauty this girl was hiding behind her veil. The Boyar instantly wrapped his arm around the women's neck and dragged her close while squeezing her chest before whispering in her ear.

"I know a way you can repay me..."

Feeling the man grab at her chest, Honoria immediately flinched and slapped the man in the face before making some distance between herself and the mighty Boyar. The moment she did, so she cursed at him.

"How dare you touch me!"

After being slapped by the woman he believed to be a peasant, the man felt his inner fury rising, and thus he pulled out his sword on his belt and began screaming at Honoria.

"You filthy peasant whore! You dare to lay a hand on my flawless face; I will have your head!"

The moment he charged at Honoria, Hercalus swept down from the sky above with a screech of fury; he had looked away for no more than a minute to catch a nearby rabbit, and yet Honoria had already gotten herself into trouble.

The eagle bravely rushed towards the defense of the princess, where his talons dug into the young man's sword hand, tearing through flesh and bone alike, forcing the man to drop the blade. Coincidentally this also happened to be the hand the man had used to assault Honoria.

The young man screamed in agony as he tried to shake Heraclius away, but the more he did, the more damage was dealt with his hand.? In this day and age, the damage done to the muscles in hand was enough to make sure that the Boyar never again wielded a sword.

As such, the blood quickly flowed onto the ground before Heraclius released the man's hand, where he flew back onto Honoria's shoulder and screeched fearsomely at the wounded Boyar. The fury in Heraclius' gaze was enough to intimidate the fool who began to soil his pants. If Heraclius wanted to, he could have claimed the young man's life.

The crowd that had gathered stood in shock as they witnessed a member of the local nobility get so thoroughly defeated by the eagle. Even Agnellus was amazed at the lengths the bird would go to to protect the girl.

Though he immediately snapped out of his shock, he quickly arrived before dragging Honoria and the bird away. After such an incident with a member of the local nobility, it was best to get out of dodge as quickly as possible. Thus, Honoria was led back to the ship while Agnellus scolded her along the way.

"Goddammit! I fucking told you to stay nearby! This was exactly the kind of shit I was trying to prevent!"

On the other hand, Honoria was pouting; she was shocked and dismayed over the sexual assault that the local nobleman had done to her out of nowhere and instantly became bitter about it. If she were still within the borders of the Byzantine Empire, she would have revealed her identity to have the man executed for such a heinous act.

She made a mental note of this and vowed never to suffer such humiliation again in the future. After returning to the ship, Honoria lay down upon her bed with a depressed expression on her face. She thought a great deal as to what had happened and immediately asked a question to Heraclius.

"Count Berengar won't be such a scandalous individual, will he?"

The proud eagle merely gazed at Honoria with a frustrated expression, this girl could not help but get into trouble, and once more, he had risked his life to help her out. As such, he merely squawked at Honoria before shifting his head away as if he were ignoring her, causing the young girl to sink further into depression.

As for Agnellus, he made sure nobody had seen them enter the ship and tried to round up his men as quickly as possible. Because of this incident, they would have to finish their resupply at the next town. Thus before the Boyar could retaliate, the galley had departed and traveled further down the Danube. Hopefully, they would not have to deal with the consequences of the scene that had just transpired.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232: Blessed With an Exceptional Child
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Bernegar's agricultural reforms were slowly but surely being implemented across the realm, the man was presented with a great sense of difficulty. Soon it would be Adela's fourteenth birthday, and he had no idea what to get the girl.

Though the betrothed couple did not live together, that did not mean that Berengar did not shower his little fiancee with presents. He would send her dresses, shoes, jewelry, and fashionable accessories that were fit for an empress every chance he got.

Of course, Adela's birthday was not the only one Berengar had to prepare for, Linde's birthday was shortly after hers, and just like Adela, he showered her with lavish gifts whenever he got the chance. He truly spoiled his two women to a degree that a normal Duke was incapable of.

Adela's birthday was on September 9th, while Linde's was on October 15th; they were a little over a month apart. As for Berengar, his birthday was December 21st. However, he frankly did not care about his birthday; it just became another day of the year after a certain point.

Until he could get his hands on the precious substance known as chocolate, Berengar was quite disappointed with his birthday as he could not continue his yearly tradition of eating triple-layer German Chocolate Cake, which to him was a disaster.

However, that was not important at the moment; what was important was getting Adela a proper gift for her birthday. He could easily shop for Linde; he would simply have his tailor make her a luxurious, and more importantly, sexy lingerie set; however, for someone like Adela, that was not exactly something he could do without feeling like a creep.

As such, he was in a serious debate with his mind while sitting in his chair drinking from his skull chalice that was filled with beer. He was pretty troubled over the issue; he could not just give her some more meaningless jewelry or clothing. It had to be something exceptional, something the girl did not usually receive from him.

It was at this moment he thought of something interesting, something he had not considered before. What if he bought her a new horse? Something exotic that cost a fortune to import. What if he bought her a white Arabian?

To him, this idea was perfect, he never bought either of his women horses, and he knew that Adela was fond of the creatures. Linde loved cats, but Adela loved horses. Upon thinking about such a brilliant, he immediately got to task writing a letter to his old friend Arethas from the Byzantine Empire. If there were anyone Berengar knew that could get him a white Arabian in time for Adela's birthday, it would be the Strategos of Ionia.

After drafting the letter, he quickly had it sent out with a proper messenger party. It was times like this that Berengar seriously missed the modern world and its advanced communication methods. After sending out his request Berengar returned to his office where he let out a heavy sigh before breaking out the distilled spirits.

When it came to hard liquor Berengar had opted for making whiskey, and though this batch was not aged to any serious extent, it was enough to help calm his nerves. Berengar began to reflect upon the past year and a half of his life. So much had happened in this time that he rarely had a moment like this to relax. He was fortunate to be alive, let alone making it as far as he had.

He still had no idea how he had reincarnated into this world, but he began to consider that perhaps it was some form of Diety's work, yet if that were so, what could be their motive in doing so? These were the ideas that Berengar stressed about within his spare time.

He was so busy thinking all day long that he did not know how to shut it off, so to calm down, he thought about things that could not be proven and merely speculated about them as a mental exercise. At the very least, it kept his mind healthy.

Berengar had spent so much time in his study lately that it had become second nature to come to this room and sit down, even if he had nothing to do. Linde had begun to joke around about how he spent more time with his study's leatherbound chair than he did with her.

Speak of the devil, and he shall appear; the moment Berengar thought about his lover, he heard a knock on his door, where he quickly answered it.

"Come in"

after doing so, Linde appeared dressed in another sky blue dress. When she was not wearing the colors of his house, she tended to enjoy dressing in sky blue and white, as it brought out her beautiful eyes. Seeing his handsome lover standing in front of him with a happy smile on her face, Berengar was confused; thus he asked about it.

"What has got you so happy!"

Linde approached Berengar and grabbed ahold of his hands, and began to drag him away without explanation. Curious as to what had gotten the woman so excited, he allowed her to do so before long. He was swiftly dragged to Hans' room by the woman he loved, where she opened the door to reveal the small child standing on his two legs and walking over to Henrietta, who was nearby and smiling. Berengar was not too surprised when he saw this; after all, it was about time for the child to walk.

However, what came next greatly surprised him; the baby boy saw his father enter the room and ran over to him as fast as he could while saying, "Dadda! Mama!" This stunned Berengar; the child still had some ways to go before they should naturally be able to form words. Yet, he clearly stated the terms that were usually a child's first words at around twelve months old. Seeing such a strange occurrence Berengar could not contain his thoughts and let them slip from his tongue.

"Holy shit!"

Linde immediately glared at Berengar when he used profanity in front of their infant son, and he instantly shut his trap. Hans was close to nine months old at this point; after all, he had been born at the very end of the last year, and it was not yet September. Despite this, he was walking quite effortlessly and already talking to some degree.

Berengar could not help but believe the kid was some form of genius, and he quickly stared at Linde with confusion. The way he looked at Linde made her uncomfortable, and she awkwardly inquired about his gaze.

"What? Why are you staring at me like that?"

Berengar did not hide what he was thinking and quickly revealed his thoughts.

"What kind of super genes does your family have?"

Linde, of course, had no idea what genetics was and thus was deeply perplexed by Berengar's question. As such, she expressed her confusion.

"Genes?"

Berengar merely shook his head and dismissed the idea

"Never mind, it is not important..."

He knew the kid did not get the intelligence from his family. While his family was above average in intelligence, with some just breaking the barrier to enter Mensa, there were no legitimate geniuses in his family, at least in the classical sense.

Of course, the moment he thought about that, he realized this body did not have the same genetic composition as his original body. While pondering about such things Berengar had to admit that he did not know much about the von Kufstein lineage aside from the fact that they were a House of Warriors.

The kid might have got his intellect from Berengar's genes, truthfully he did not know the answer, but if the child turned out to be as intelligent as Berengar thought he would be based upon the signs available to him at present, then it was a good indicator that Hans might be an exemplary candidate for succeeding himself in the future.

The kid eventually ran over to Berengar, where the young Duke picked the boy up and tousled his strawberry-blonde hair. Berengar stared lovingly at his child before looking him into the eyes and saying something profound.

"My child, one day you will be a greater man than I!"

the way Hans looked at Berengar seemed like he understood what Berengar meant. However, Berengar merely hugged his son before giving him back to his mother. It would still be a long time before Hans was able to show off his true potential, but Berengar had great faith in the child.

It was nice to know that if nurtured properly, the Empire Berengar believed he would forge one day would be in good hands after his passing. Even if one of his other children turned out to be a better fit for the Monarch's position, Hans could still play a pivotal role in the advancement and development of the Empire.

This was something Bernegar sincerely believed, and he was glad that he had been blessed with such an exceptional child. Whether it was his genes or Linde's that produced such a child did not matter. After all, the two of them were bound to have several more children over the upcoming years. If it did turn out to be his own, then maybe his kids with Adela would inherit such traits as well. Only time would tell...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233: The Hussite Representatives Arrive
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a long journey from Bohemia to Kufstein, a group of men dressed in common clothing approached the city gates of Kufstein. From afar, these men gazed upon the mighty star-shaped walls of Kufstein with awe. Such fortifications proved that their leaders had made the right choice in contacting the man behind the German Reformation.

Within the Kingdom of Bohemia, civil conflict was brewing, inspired by the great reformer Jan Hus. Both the nobility and common people within the region were up in arms against the Catholic Church for many of the same reasons that Southern Germany was.

With the unjust execution of Jan Hus in 1415, a group of his followers referred to by the term Hussites had begun to grow violent in the wake of his death. In Berengar's previous life, a war broke out in the Kingdom of Bohemia between the Hussites and the Catholic Church in the year 1420.

However, Berengar's intervention in this timeline and the rise of his German Reformation had sparked more significant conflict from the Hussites. The latter had grown emboldened by Berengar's success in his battles against the Catholic forces.

By now, Bohemia was on the verge of civil war. Thus these men, acting as representatives of the Hussite movement, had come to Kufstein, the center of the German Reformation seeking aid from the mighty Duke Berengar.

As such, these men waited in the long line that had gathered to enter the city of Kufstein. Berengar had implemented strict security measures to avoid infiltration by potentially hostile groups and individuals.

Because of this, every man, woman, and child that sought to enter the city had to undergo an inspection. All arms were required to be deposited with the garrison and would only be returned once the visitors left the town.

After waiting for some time, the men were hailed by the guards signaling that they may approach. The guard observed the men who were garbed in relatively common attire and immediately assumed they were refugees.

"If you wish to seek refuge within the City of Kufstein, you must fill out an application. I can give you a pass that will allow you to enter the city, where you will be led to the Department of Immigration. They will determine if you meet the criteria to migrate to Austria."

However, the man in charge of the group of diplomats immediately shook his head upon hearing this and declared his actual intent for entering the city.

"We are not here to seek refuge. Instead, we seek an audience with the Duke. We come from the Kingdom of Bohemia and have important matters to discuss with the man known as Duke Berengar the Reformer!"

The city guard immediately sighed heavily before giving the standard response to everyone who sought to meet with the Duke.

"There is currently a three-month wait for an audience with the Duke. Unless you represent a powerful foreign interest, the most I can do is allow you access to the city so that you may wait your turn patiently."

Due to Berengar's position and popularity, many people from all walks of life wanted to meet with him. So much so that a waiting list had been established, at the moment, it was backlogged up to three months in total.

Berengar was an incredibly busy man, and he could not afford to compromise his work to meet with every person who desired an audience with him. Unless it were some powerful foreign entity, then they would be forced to wait until Berengar's schedule was free.

Upon hearing this, the Hussite diplomats frowned; they had not intended to reveal their identity until they met with Berengar. However, it would appear they were forced to do so early in order to meet with the young Duke in a timely manner. Thus the man who led these diplomats removed his hood and revealed his entire appearance before speaking his thoughts.

"I am Luděk Hlavá?ek; I represent the interests of the Hussite Reformation within the Kingdom of Bohemia; as a fellow reformist, I believe your Duke will want to hear what we have to say. I would greatly appreciate it if you could relay our message to the man."

Hearing that the man was a representative of another Chrisitan Reformist movement, the guard immediately asked for verification of their identities.

"Do you have anything that can prove your claims? If not, you will be forced to wait like the rest of the visitors."

Luděk immediately pulled out a letter that contained the seal of a Lord from Bohemia known as Alexej Ka?par as proof of his identity. Alexej Ka?par was a man known far and wide as a leader of the Hussite Movement, or one of the many groups it comprised of. After observing this the guard recognized its validity and parted ways for the diplomats to enter the city. Before doing so, he said his piece.

"I will inform his Grace, Berengar von Kufstein, of your arrival. You can wait within the city until someone leads you towards the castle."

The Hussite diplomats immediately bowed their heads respectfully and thanked the guard.

"You have our thanks!"

with this, they were moved into the city, where they awaited their meeting with Berengar.

...

Berengar was sitting on his ducal throne, openly playing with Linde in a rather inappropriate manner. He tended to grope the woman of his desires in public every so often to establish his dominance. It was quite honestly one of the more primitive instincts of his mind, but it paid an important part in letting his subjects know not to covet what was his.

By now, Linde was flushed with embarrassment, but this public display of affection while sitting on Berengar's lap had made her dreadfully excited; she was starting to exhibit traits of an exhibitionist due to Berengar's thorough training. Even though nobody was around to see her, the idea that someone could walk in on them during their intimate acts was enough to get her aroused.

Of course, it was at this moment one of Berengar's guards walked in and saw that Berengar had reached through Linde's dress and was firmly grasping ahold of one of her bountiful breasts with his left hand. Seeing that someone had intruded upon his fun, Berengar sighed before expressing his annoyance.

"What is it? Can't you see that I am busy?"

Hearing this, Linde looked around and saw that the guard was trying his best not to stare at the lascivious act, she immediately began to blush heavily, but Berengar did not stop groping her, which caused a slight moan to escape her lips. This only caused her to be further embarrassed.

The guard pretending like he had not seen anything; after all, Linde was still fully clothed; it was just that Berengar's left hand had reached through the upper portion of her dress. After looking away from the two lovers, the guard announced his reason for stopping by.

"Your Grace, there are a group of people who have arrived that claim to represent the Hussite Movement from Bohemia. They are requesting an audience with you; they say it is a matter of dire importance!"

Hearing this, Berengar's left hand immediately retracted Linde's bosom, where he licked the milk off of his fingers. One might call Berengar a pervert for his tastes, but since Linde began to develop breast milk he had greatly enjoyed drinking the substance, typically directly from the source. After all, in his mind, there were few better sources of protein and calcium than his lover's breast milk.

After doing such a lewd act, he responded with an authoritative tone as if he was completely unphased by his own actions.

"Bring them here; I very much desire to meet with these men."

After giving his commands, the guard saluted before leaving the area to fetch the diplomats. Even though Berengar and Linde were alone again, he did not resume his lecherous acts and instead addressed his lover with a gentle tone.

"Looks like we will have to wait a bit longer before we can finish what we started; you can take care of yourself in the meantime, right?"

Linde immediately blushed upon hearing this and nodded while looking away in embarrassment as she departed from the great hall and returned to the bedroom, where she would play with herself for the time being.

As for Berengar, he had guests to entertain, and as such, sat in a manner that hid his excitement. There was nothing worse in his mind than getting cock-blocked right when things were about to get interesting.

Berengar waited for some time for the Hussite diplomats to arrive; he was rather intrigued by this. Though he figured sooner or later they would come to greet him; he assumed it would be after the war had already begun. Yet, they were already present in his court, which meant that clearly, he had an impact on this timeline.

His intelligence that pertained to Bohemia was rather slim. Still, he would make sure to take advantage of the Hussite wars and annex the German-speaking regions into his territory. After all, the Sudetenland was in Berengar's mind rightful German clay, and if he were to unify the German Empire in the future, he would need these lands as his own.

Thus he began to hatch a scheme on how best to take advantage of the war in Bohemia for his personal gains, without directly getting involved in the war itself. After all, now that he had an era of peace to establish his hegemony, he intended to take full advantage of it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234: Negotiations With the Hussites
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After some time, the Hussite representatives arrived in Berengar's great hall and kneeled before him with great respect. Not only was Berengar a mighty Duke, but in the eyes of the Hussites, he was a man inspired by the teachings of Jan Hus, and as such, a brother in arms against the oppression of the Catholic Church.

The man in charge of the diplomats quickly introduced himself as not to keep Berengar waiting.

"I am Luděk Hlavá?ek, a humble servant of the Count Alexej Ka?par leader of the Ka?parian sect of the Hussite Movement!"

Berengar had not heard of the Ka?parian sect from his previous life. Then again, as far as he was aware, few important figures of the era from his past life existed in this timeline so it was only natural for some things to be changed.

Luděk was a relatively short man; despite this, he was solidly built and had a set of long brown hair, with a matching beard. His eyes were the color of amber, and he had a scar across his left cheek, adding some notion that the man was battle-tested.

The other two men who flanked Luděk wore their hoods and concealed their identities, though Berengar did not challenge them to reveal themselves; after all, they were a religious movement wanted by the Church as heretics he could sympathize with their desire to hide their faces.

Berengar quickly addressed the men who had entered his great hall

"I am Duke Berengar von Kufstein, as one of the founders of the German Reformation; I welcome you as brothers in arms. Though I am curious as to why you have made the journey from Bohemia to my humble abode."

Berengar had a rough idea of what they were here for, but if what they desired was what he thought it would be, he would, unfortunately, have to decline them. However, he made it appear as if he was genuinely confused, thus giving them the ability to explain themselves.

Luděk did not shy from the topic at hand and quickly addressed his reason for being in Kufstein.

"Bohemia is on the brink of war; just recently in Prague, seven members of the city council were defenestrated! The King of Bohemia has sided with the Vatican and seeks to suppress our movement. We have come asking for assistance from the man who so thoroughly defeated the mighty Teutonic Order."

Berengar was slightly surprised, it was only 1418, yet Prague's first defenestration was moved up by roughly a year. This meant that what the delegate had said was likely to be true. It would not be long before Bohemia plunged into civil war, and the Hussite wars had fully begun. However, Berengar began to rest his head on his right fist as he made his stance clear.

"If you seek for me to invade Bohemia with my forces, I am afraid I am going to have to disappoint you."

After saying this, Luděk's face turned grim, and he immediately asked about the concerns on his mind.

"Why not? Did you not just say we are brothers in arms? Will you truly abandon us in our time of need?"

Berengar knew this would be brought up, and as such, he immediately replied with his reasoning.

"I have spent the last year at war with my enemies. The Bavarians have ravaged the lands that are now under my authority during their occupation. Now that I am Duke and have established a sense of peace and stability within Austria, I cannot afford to march off to war once more so quickly.

During this era of peace, I need to take advantage of this time to stabilize my reign and rebuild what has been destroyed. I can not spare the troops while there is an ongoing war just outside my borders that could invade my lands at any moment.

You are like brothers to me, but my people are like my children, and thus I need to look after them first. I hope you can understand."

Hearing this reasoning, Luděk bowed his head; what Berengar said made sense, the rest of Germany was embroiled in a bloody civil war, with only Austria maintaining a peaceful existence, and it had cost them dearly to do so. Berengar's land lay in ruins in many areas, and he needed time and effort to rebuild after the Bavarian occupation.

However, before the man could admit his defeat, Berengar's serious expression turned to a warm smile and revealed some degree of hope to the Hussite representative.

"However, just because I can not spare troops does not mean I can't send you some form of military aid!"

After hearing this, the three men who had gathered looked up at Berengar with surprise; they did not know what form of assistance Berengar could aid them with. Before they could ask, Berengar continued on his train of thought.

"I can supply you with firearms, cannons, gunpowder, and military advisors. It is the most aid I can afford to give you at the moment."

Berengar's plan was simple; he would provide the weapons and training to the Hussites to overcome the Bohemian Crown and their Catholic supporters. However, Berengar had no plans to arm the Hussites with arkebuses or 12 lb steel cannons. Instead, he planned to open up a separate production line in Vienna to make primitive cast-iron cannons and provide hand cannons to the Hussites.

Though Berengar had sold the far more advanced arkebuse to the Byzantines, his reasoning for doing was simply because his allies' interests to the East would not clash with his own for some time. Thus he did not have to worry about fighting a war with them.

However, if he armed the Hussites with Arkebuses and more advanced cannons when then the time came for him to demand compensation in the form of the Sudentenland and they refused to do so, he would be facing a force of pike and shot, rather than a late medieval army, which itself could pose some difficulties to overcome.

Of course, the Hussites had no idea what he would demand in compensation for his military aid and thus were rather excited by the prospect of being armed by Berengar's factories. However, Luděk was a cautious man and knew such exceptional assistance would not come without a price; thus, he asked Berengar to clarify what he desired.

"That is more than enough to help us win this upcoming war, but I fear we will not be able to repay you for your kindness adequately, so I must ask, what is it that you desire in return for such gracious support?"

Berengar was a shrewd diplomat and knew that the more the Hussites were in debt to him, the more likely they would be to acquiesce to his demands peacefully. As such, he responded to this question by essentially kicking the can down the road.

"Do not fret, my friend; we can discuss payment for the military aid I provide you after you win your war and are in a better position to repay me for my kindness. For now, know that you have my support so long as it remains within the boundaries of the terms that I have provided."

Though Luděk was not happy with this answer, he did not press the issue; right now, the Hussites needed to worry about obtaining Berengar's aid, and any form of payment that Berengar might demand could always be done in installments within the future.

Or so he hoped, he never would have thought that Berengar would demand the annexation of the regions referred to as the Sudentenland. Thus the representative accepted Berengar's terms.

"I thank you for your support; when can we expect your aid if you don't mind me asking?"

Berengar was quick to reply to this, as he had already calculated the time needed in his head.

"If I wish to send aid to your forces rapidly, then I will need to establish an industrial district in one of the cities closer to the Bohemian border; for that, I will need time. Give me three months at the maximum, and I promise you shall receive your first shipment of arms.

As for the military advisors, I can send them immediately to aid you in your preparations for the war."

Luděk smiled when he heard this news and bowed his head with respect once more.

"I thank you on behalf of all Hussites, your Grace!"

With this, negotiations with the Hussites over support for their upcoming war were secured. For the time being, Berengar gained an ally to take the attention off of himself and the German Reformation. By starting the Hussite Wars, the Catholic Church and its military orders would have one more war to fight before calling for a Crusade against the German Reformation.

In doing so, Berengar allowed himself time to prepare for the eventual day where he would be forced to fight the European armies at his doorsteps. A crusade was no laughing matter, and Berengar fully intended to expand his defenses, troops, and even his navy by that such an event occurred. Luckily for him, he happened to be reborn in the era where the Hussite wars were about to transpire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235: The Search for the Missing Princess
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Honoria's disappearance, the Imperial family of the Byzantine Empire was in a state of panic. Especially the Emperor, with his daughter missing, it meant that his alliance to France was in shambles. The French King held Emperor Vetranis responsible for his daughter's disappearance. He stated that if she were not found within a specific time, the de Valois dynasty would consider the betrothal broken.

Emperor Vetranis was currently sitting on his throne nibbling at his fingernails, a bad habit he had picked up during his youth that he commonly resorted to when he was anxious. His daughter was missing, without the slightest clue as to her whereabouts. The French Prince Aubry had returned home bringing news of the reason for her disappearance, thus causing the French Monarchy to make excessive demands of the Emperor as compensation.

If the Emperor could not find his daughter soon, the betrothal would be broken, and so too would the military and economic alliance between the two countries. As such, he was in a complete and total state of panic. Vetranis let out his frustration by cursing his daughter in the middle of his throne room.

"You fucking bitch! You better be alive and unspoiled, or I swear to God I will march through the gates of hell to discipline you!"

It was at that moment Honoria's older brother Decentius entered the room. He held onto a prostitute from the same brothel that Melissa had previously worked at. The investigation into Honoria's disappearance had led to the brothel, and this woman had seen Melissa leaving with the girl.

From the looks of it, she had been roughed up by Decentius and his soldiers; there were many bruises on her face and across her body. Decentius tossed the woman to the floor as he began to yell at her.

"Tell the Emperor what you told me!"

Hearing the screaming voice of Decenitus, the woman instinctively flinched before stumbling over her words.

"Basilia... The Princess... The princess came into the brothel and then left with Basilia. That is all I know!"

Emperor Vetranis immediately pounded the armrest of his throne before raising his voice at the woman.

"Who is this, Basilia? Where is she from? Does she have any family in the city? Where can I find her?"

The woman began to curl back in fear. However, she was swiftly kicked by Decentius repeatedly until she begged for mercy.

"I don't know! I don't even know if Basilia is her real name. Lots of girls at the brothel use false names! She never talked about herself or her family. I honestly don't know anything about her other than she worked at the brothel. Maybe some of her clients might know the truth, but I don't!"

This Basilia was none other than Melissa; Melissa was a bright young woman, at least in the streetwise ways; she changed her name for work and even wore a wig; Thus her actual appearance was unknown. Now that she had left the city, it would be impossible to find out about her real identity.

The Emperor and his goons were completely back to square one; the intelligence that the prostitute had provided was practically useless. All they knew was that Honoria entered a brothel and left with a lady of the night.

Vetranis was furious that his daughter was missing, and he had no viable information about her whereabouts. Thus he quickly lashed out at the woman kneeling beneath him.

"Get this whore out of my sight!"

With that, the guards dragged the woman out of the room and kicked her out of the palace. As for Decentius, he kneeled before his father and made a solemn vow.

"I promise I will find the bitch, and bring her back to you!"

Hearing this, Emperor Vetranis tossed his goblet at his son, which smacked the young prince in the face and poured wine all over his body. After doing so, the Emperor quickly chastised his son.

"Don't you talk about your sister that way! She may have run away and caused us immense trouble, but she is still your sister and a member of this imperial dynasty!"

Decentius had heard his father call Honoria the same term not long before, and yet he was being so thoroughly humiliated for repeating the Emperor's words? Decentius gritted his teeth in rage, despite this, he choked back the vile words he had planned for his father and forced himself to be calm. He realized that nobody in his family was thinking straight at the moment. Thus despite the Emperor's outburst, the second prince of the Empire accepted the punishment.

While this was ongoing, Arethas had walked into the room; he was fully garbed in his grand armor and knelt before the Emperor next to Decentius. After doing so, he quickly announced his reason for visiting.

"Your majesty, I know these are hard times, and I do not wish to add to your concerns, but I have dire news from the city of Alexandria. The Mamlukes have retaken the city and driven our forces out past the Suez. I know your daughter is missing, and you grieve for her absence. Yet, if you do not send aid to our forces in Egypt, all of our work from these past few years will go to waste!"

Hearing this news, Vetranis nearly chipped a tooth from the intense grinding he had begun. After listening to Arethas' words, he knew he had no choice.

"Arethas you have been a good friend, and I greatly value the assistance you have provided in the search for Honoria. I understand your desire to stay behind in Constantinople and continue the search for my missing daughter.

Yet, I am afraid only you and your army, which is now equipped with the weapons you have purchased from the west, can change the tides of war. Thus it is with a heavy heart I must order you to sail your armies south and crush the Mamluke Sultanate once and for all!"

Hearing this, Arethas was dismayed; he genuinely wanted to find Honoria as quickly as possible before something horrible happened to her. Yet, at the same time, he understood the Emperor's reasoning and did not protest. He merely nodded silently before standing up and cupping his hands with a silent prayer. After doing so, he began to address the Emperor.

"I pray to God in Heaven that you can find the princess before she gets herself into trouble. I swear on my life and honor that I will do everything in my power to retake what we have lost in North Africa and send the Saracens back to hell where they were birthed!"

Hearing this, a bitter smile formed on Vetranis face; without his excellent friend Arethas to aid him during this crisis, he did not know how he would manage to hold on. Yet, he knew only Arethas' army would be able to crush the enemy in Egypt. Thus it was with a heavy heart that he sent his greatest friend and ally off to war once more.

"I pray for your victory, good Arethas, go with haste and reclaim the long-lost lands of our mighty Empire!"

After hearing this, Arethas saluted the Emperor with a grim expression on his face. After doing so, he turned and walked out of the building. Seeing that his commanding officer was just ordered to war, Decentius quickly followed in pursuit; however, he stopped at the entrance, where Arethas placed a hand on his shoulder.

"Decentius, you must stay here with your father!"

Decentius immediately felt taken aback and began to question Arethas' orders.

"What? Why? Am I not your Tourmarches!?!"

Arethas sighed heavily before comforting the youth.

"You are and are by far the greatest of the officers beneath my command. However, you are also your father's son, and the Emperor needs you and your assistance now more than ever. I fear what will become of him if he does not find your sister soon. God forbid something horrible happens to the poor girl."

Decentius wanted to protest this decision, but he could see that Arethas had made up his mind, and as such, he removed the mighty Strategos' hand from his shoulders before looking him in the eye with a serious gaze as he made a solemn vow.

"I promise, whether my sister is alive or dead, I will find her, and I will bring her home!"

Hearing this, Arethas smiled; he knew that under Decentius' command, the search for Honoria would be under competent leadership; in doing so, he could worry less as he focused on his conquest of North Africa. After hearing this, the man turned away from the second prince and marched towards the harbor.

He had a long journey ahead and a war to win. It would not be easy, but with the advantage of the arkebuse and combined with the pike and shot strategy he had devised, in large part due to Berengar's assistance, he would be able to overcome the tremendous odds before him.

As such, the search for the missing princess would continue; despite having no leads towards her whereabouts, the Byzantine Imperial Family would spend a significant expense and effort looking for Honoria. They would never guess that she was on her way to a distant country solely because she had heard good things about a certain Austrian nobleman.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236: Honorias Journey Part IV
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the debacle in the main harbor of Wallachia in the town known as Br?ila, Honoria had confined herself to her room. After being touched inappropriately by one of the local Boyars who threatened to take her life for resisting, the young and naive girl had much to think about. As such, she was stuck in her room with nobody for company except for Heraclius, who until recently had been ignoring her as punishment for her actions.

The galley traveled at roughly 3 knots during cruising speed, in other words, approximately 3.5 miles per hour. As such, it was a long and slow journey to Austria. The distance between Br?ila and Kufstein itself was roughly 1,008 miles. Assuming the crew rowed for 12 hours a day, it would take them approximately 24 days to arrive in Kufstein.

Honoria had been trapped in the cabin for a total of seven days at this point, and the crew had just begun to leave the borders of Wallachia and enter Hungary. She was greatly vexed by the boredom she had to suffer in the room. However, she never complained; after all, Agnellus was nice enough to help her out, despite knowing her position, for which she was thankful.

Heraclius was commonly let out from the cabin so that he could fly about and catch prey. As such, he was in a perfect mood. After all, he flew at a speed of roughly 50 miles per hour; no matter how long it took him to catch prey, he could easily catch up with the ship.

While Heraclius was enjoying himself, Honoria honestly had nothing to do except think about her life and daydream about what it would be like when she arrived in Kufstein. After encountering the Boyar, she realized that there were people in this world were not good-natured.

As the princess thought about this she realized that there was a possibility that Berengar was also a wicked man. However, she instantly put such thoughts aside because Arethas had assured her that Berengar was benevolent and kind to his loved ones, and that gave her hope for the future. Still, there was a nagging suspicion that she would merely be trading one cage for another once she arrived in Kufstein.

Despite the horrible situation, she found herself in a while in Br?ila, the brief period she spent running about as free as an eagle was enough to fill her with wonder. She didn't want to be another caged bird; now that she had spread her wings and learned to fly, she wanted to know more about life. The Boyar's actions had spurred something inside Honoria, a belief that she should be self-sufficient, after all, if not for Heraclius' intervention she could have been in danger back in Br?ila.

However, to do such a thing in this world was not easy. Especially for a woman, thus she hoped that when she finally arrived in Kufstein. Berengar would provide her with the safety and security necessary to allow her to grow as a person. She did not wish to spend her life in Kufstein the way she had done while in Constantinople, which was confined inside the Royal Palace for her whole life as nothing more than a pretty face.

Thinking about this, Honoria concluded that she could be utilizing her time aboard this ship in a more constructive manner. After all, there was much she could learn from these sailors. Thus the runaway princess exited the cabin after putting on her shawl and walked around the ship for a bit before making her way to the helm where Agnellus was currently located.

Agnellus was currently steering the ship and noticed that the princess had arrived. Thus he put on a friendly smile as he began to chat with her.

"Your majesty, I was beginning to wonder when you would finally leave your seclusion. I hope nothing too serious happened back there in Br?ila."

Honoria gazed into the night sky above for a few moments in silence before voicing the concerns on her mind.

"I've had a long time to think, and I have decided I don't want to be a bird in a cage anymore. I want to be an eagle that soars in the sky. So there was something I was wondering that you might be able to help me with?"

Hearing this bold statement, Agnellus was uncertain where this was headed; however, since the princess had asked him for help, he could not very well turn her down. Thus he begrudgingly inquired what it was she needed help with.

"Whatever you require of me, if I can fulfill it, I swear to do so."

With this, a pretty smile formed on Honoria's luscious pink lips before she nodded her head in excitement. After doing so, her expression shifted to a pleading gaze as she made her request known.

"Teach me to sail!"

This was not a request that Agnellus was expecting, and thus it took a while for it to register in his brain. When he finally realized what the princess was asking him, he broke out into laughter. This reaction was not what Honoria expected, and thus she began to pout.

Seeing the cute look on Honoria's face, Agnellus eventually stopped laughing and agreed to her terms.

"If it is something so simple, I would be happy to teach you to sail. But we have less than 20 days to go over everything, so the most I can give you is a crash course."

To Honoria, this was good enough, and thus a charming smile formed on her lips as she thanked the jewelry merchant.

"Thank you!"

With that said, Agnellus spent the remainder of the night on the Danube teaching the princess of the Byzantine Empire how to sail a galley. The galley was not much of a sailing ship; it was more like a massive rowboat, so there were not too many things he could teach her about sailing on such a vessel.

Still, Honoria went to sleep when the dawn rose with a satisfied smile on her face. There was not much to do while onboard the vessel, but at least she could learn some valuable skills on the way to Kufstein. She slept for a total of eight hours before waking up.

When she finally opened her eyes, she noticed that Heraculies was sitting next to her, watching over her as she slept. As such, the princess rubbed her eyes before stroking the eagle's glistening feathers.

"Good morning Heraclius!"

the mighty eagle cawed in response to the treatment he received. Shortly after playing with the bird Honoria heard a knock on the door, and a familiar voice followed.

"Your Majesty, are you in there? You have been asleep for some time. I have something for you to eat."

When Honoria heard this she quickly rushed to the door and opened it to see Agnellus' smiling face. In his hand was a bowl of meat porridge. There was also a wineskin alongside it. Honoria happily took ahold of the meal and thanked the man for his kindness.

"Thank you, Agnellus; I will make sure not to waste a drop!"

For whatever reason seeing the princess happy made Agnellus happy. He had no way of knowing it, but he was starting to get attached to the beautiful young princess from the Empire. As for Honoria, she had no lingering feelings for the man; to her, he was at best a friend. After handing Honoria her food, Agnellus thought of something and spoke his mind.

"We will be docking in Gy?r soon; why don't I show you how we dock the ship?"

Hearing this, a broad smile appeared on Honoria's face as she questioned the reality.

"Really?"

Agnellus merely smiled and nodded in silence. Hearing this news Honoria had an excited expression on her face. She was eager to learn more about the functions of the ship and thus she decided to devour her meal as quickly as possible so that she could learn the docking procedure.

"I should eat this while it is still warm... I'll be out momentarily, don't dock without me!"

Afterward, Honoria shut the door behind her, and Agnellus began to laugh at the girl's over-eager nature. To him, it was just simple docking; there was not much to be excited about. However, to Honoria, the most mundane actions seem to hold significant meaning, and thus she took joy in everything she learned how to do. It was refreshing to have such a level of optimism around.

Honoria ate the beef porridge and drank from the wineskin. To her dismay, it was not filled with wine but with water instead. Because of this, she began to pout as she hastily ate her meal. Heraclius noticing that there was food nearby immediately jumped by Honoria's side and stole the piece of cooked beef that was on her fork before he gulped it down for himself.

The act of which shocked Honoria, she was visibly outraged by the bird's actions instantly began to chastise her pet eagle.

"Heraclius shoo! This is my food! Get your own!"

To this, Heraclius responded by snagging another piece of her meat from Honoria's bowl and quickly devoured it with a smug expression on his face. The look in his eyes was asking Honoria a simple question.

"Who is going to stop me?"

Thus the gauntlet had been lain, and a contest was held between a princess and an eagle to see who could eat the meat in the porridge-filled bowl the quickest. If anyone else were to witness the sight, they would either be greatly entertained or deeply confused. One thing was sure this bird was brilliant.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237: Revising Ship Designs
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was currently within his study, sitting at his chair, and drafting new blueprints for a series of vessels he wanted to construct for his Navy. He had been at this for many hours and once more was what one would call sleep-deprived.

While the Linde-Class Ship of the Line was the pinnacle of naval vessels, at least in those powered by the sail, it was pretty frankly overkill and would require a lot of resources, particularly that of oak. Such vessels were an enormous expense, and he could only build a few of them before venturing to the Americas.

To put it simply, he had realized that the construction of such vessels was a waste of his limited resources, at least until he had begun colonization. As a replacement, Berengar was currently drafting plans for a 38 gun fifth-rate frigate that would become the standard warship for his fleet in the Meditteranean.

The frigate was a fast and maneuverable single-deck ship. In the Meditteranean with its little wind, at least when compared to the Atlantic, such ships would be far more helpful in securing his power. They would also be fully capable of traversing to the new world and protecting Berengar's interests abroad.

These 38 gun fifth-rate frigates would be armed with a total of thirty-eight 32 lb cannons and a few Schmidt guns on their swivels. With a fleet of these ships, there would be nobody who could challenge his authority in the Mediterranean.

However, it was not simply frigates that he was designing, but also a clipper for trade and transport. The clipper was a high-speed and long-range vessel. So much so that it did not even need to be armed because there was no ship in this world that could catch it in pursuit.

Thus they were the perfect design for merchant vessels and would allow him to rapidly exchange goods between his colonies and the fatherland in the future when he had a massive Colonial Empire. For the time being, these two ship designs would allow him to rule the Mediterranean and rapidly engage in trade with the various powers in the region.

Berengar had shifted the design of the zinc-plated hull to that of galvanized steel and made it slightly thicker to protect against enemy cannon fire. These galvanized steel plated hulls would be properly lacquered with a base layer of black paint and a white stripe over the gun deck. Overall the ships would be highly effective in protecting against enemy fire and wood-eating parasites alike, thus increasing the vessels' lifespan and decreasing maintenance costs.

As for his Linde-Class Ship of the Line, it would be shelved until a time where he had the means to produce such mighty vessels in large numbers. Though it may disappoint Evio, the man was also practical, and as such, he would indeed be convinced to focus production on Frigates and Clippers.

After finishing the blueprints for his new ships, Berengar quickly got to work on designing Naval uniforms. As per usual, he focused on renaissance-era designs for the clothing. In particular, he was inspired by the outfits worn by the old English privateers known as Sea Dogs during the Elizabethan era from his past life. The uniforms were designed in the colors of black, charcoal, and gold.

Now there was only one more thing to take care of, and this was of vital importance. A Naval flag to fly would symbolize that his vessels were from the Duchy of Austria. At this point, the idea of Naval and national flags were, for the most part, non-existent.

Berengar had thought about this for quite some time and had a rudimentary idea in his head. Now that he was a Duke, he thoroughly planned to change his coat of arms, and as such, he designed that first. Previously his coat of arms was reasonably simple; it was per bend sinister with the colors of black and gold. There was also a white bend in the center separating the two factions.

Now that he was a duke, he intended on making something more elaborate. Thus he created a white field with a black eagle in the center. This eagle wore a gold crown and had a golden beak with a red tongue and white eyes. The eagle's wingspan had a visible golden ridge, and in the center of its body was his family's old coat of arms. The eagle's feet and talons were also in gold.

After designing the new coat of arms, Berengar designed his naval flag, which would one day be the basis for his national flag. It was a Prussianized flag with a white center and a thin black bar on the top and bottom. However, unlike the Prussian flag, there was also a thin gold layer below that. In the white center, there was his new coat of arms within it.

In the future, every Austrian ship, whether it be a military vessel or merchant's vessel, would fly this flag or some variant of it. It would symbolize that they were from the Duchy of Austria and were protected by its powerful Navy. Any attack on an Austrian vessel would be considered by Berengar an act of war.

With the ship, designs finished, his Naval uniforms, his new coat of arms, and his naval flag Berengar had one primary task left. He had to think of a name for the frigate and its class. He thought deeply on this issue and decided to name the frigate after himself. The Berengar-Class Frigate. As for the clippers, they were not a warship, and thus he did not feel the need to give them a Class designation.

After taking care of business, Berengar leaned back in his chair and stretched his upper body while yawning. He had been in this seat for quite some time, and as such, desired to stretch his legs. Thus he rose from his seat and began to send the new designs to their respective builders.

The naval uniform designs would go to the garment district in Kufstein. At the same time, the ship blueprints would be sent to Trieste, where Evio was currently located, and working on building Berengar's mighty shipyards.

Berengar had already written a letter to the shipbuilder about his reasoning for why he would need to transition the work to the construction of frigates and clippers instead of the mighty ships of the line he had initially designed.

He would attach this letter to the blueprints and send it with an armed caravan to Trieste so that his rivals could not intercept the critical schematics and steal it. He attached great importance to the construction of his Navy, and had no intentions of leaking his ship designs to other nations.

After sending out the designs to the people responsible for making them a reality, Berengar entered his great hall, where he sat down on his ducal throne. It was at this moment that Linde entered the room with their young child in her arms. Hans was growing by the day, and not just in size, but brain capacity too.

The boy, who was not even a year old yet, had begun to speak more words than just "mamma and dadda," which thoroughly convinced Berengar that this child would be a genius. As Linde approached Berengar, their son reached out for his father and struggled within his mother's grasp.

Seeing this, Berengar smiled and took the boy from his mother's arms before placing him on his lap. This caused Linde to pout in jealousy as she always considered that to be her seat, especially while Berengar was on this ducal throne.

Seeing the look on his lover's face, Berengar smiled wickedly before teasing her.

"Why Linde, my dear, are you perhaps jealous?"

Linde, of course, looked the other way and pouted even further, refusing to acknowledge Berengar's words with a response. Hans looked at his mother and father and had a glimpse of understanding in his eyes. Thus he reached back out towards his mother and spoke to her.

"Mamma! mamma!"

With this, Linde grabbed ahold of Hans from Berengar's grasp and then sat on Berengar's lap herself with a satisfied expression; in doing so, she petted Hans' strawberry-blonde hair, which matched her own and praised her son.

"My baby boy is so caring and understanding!"

Berengar smirked at this but eyed the boy cautiously; this kid was too smart for his good. Somehow, he recognized that his mother was jealous that he was sitting on his father's lap and created a compromise.

This degree of intelligence was terrifying when one considered that Hans was not even a year old yet. This just reinforced Berengar's belief that the boy was destined for great things.

After sitting on his ducal throne for a while, Berengar grew tired; after all, he had burnt the midnight oil coming up with his designs and thus decided to get some rest. He made sure to kiss his lover and child on the cheek before sitting up, forcing them to stand with him.

"I am going to go get some rest; I will see you two later."

With that, Berengar departed to his bed chambers, where he fell asleep. As for Linde and Hans, they would continue their day as usual.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238: Honorias Journey Part V
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While the galley pulled into the town of Gy?r, Honoria assisted in docking as she helped tie the ship off to the dock. In doing so, she felt a great sense of accomplishment. It was a simple and mundane task, yet it was the first time she had done something like this.

The pretty smile on her face as she assisted the crew in docking the ship brought an atmosphere of optimism and happiness to the people aboard the vessel that they had not felt in some time. After docking in the town, Agnellus approached Honoria and gave her instructions.

"This time, make sure to stay by my side. I don't want a repeat of what happened while we were in Wallachia."

Honoria's smile faded, and she nodded her head with a solemn expression. After doing so, she followed Angellus into the town. Heraclius was flying overhead once more, watching over the girl, this time, the eagle made a mental note not to chase after prey while the princess was wandering about.

Agnellus led Honoria into the town, where they began to shop for supplies. Throughout the time she had spent locked away in the captain's cabin, Honoria had time to think for herself. She realized if she immediately revealed her identity to Berengar, he would likely ship her back to Constantinople.

The man might be a brilliant commander with a powerful army. However, he would not be able to face the pressure of the Empire by himself. Thus she had opted to look for something to disguise her appearance and identity. While she and Agnellus were walking through the town, she noticed a little shop.

This shop sold beauty products to women, and Honoria thought it would be an excellent place to check for something she could use to disguise her appearance. As such, she tugged ahold of Agnellus's arm and spoke to him.

"I want to check out that store; maybe they have something useful for me. Seeing it was a woman's beauty store, Agnellus sighed before tagging along with Honoria.

When Honoria entered the store, she was shocked to find the young woman who was selling the beauty products had sleek white hair that glistened as if it were oiled. She was pretty but in no way compared to the natural beauty that Honoria had.

Seeing the woman's hair, brows, and lashes as white as snow, Honoria quickly asked the woman how she managed to do such a thing.

"Excuse me? I was wondering, how did you get your hair like that?"

Hearing a pretty young girl like Honoria question her about the fashion trend she was trying to start, the woman smiled before answering Honoria's with a proud expression on her face.

"It is all thanks to this product right here!"

As she said that the woman pulled out a can of pomade manufactured by Berengar's industry. Berengar had long since decided to sell the product for extra profit, and throughout the river trade on the Danube, some of his creations had made their way into Hungary.

After showing off the fine wax-like substance, the woman continued her train of thought.

"I had a brilliant idea to mix the fine white powder with the wax-like substance, and in the end, it created the brilliant snow-white hair you see on my head! It is just a damn shame most women are not interested in this style! Though I would suggest giving it a try, with your natural pale skin and mint green eyes, I am sure it would enhance your beauty!"

Hearing this, Honoria quickly decided to buy a bit of both the fine white starch powder and the pomade. As such, she looked at Agnellus with puppy dog eyes signaling she wanted the items, and the man had no choice but to give in.

Thus, he handed the woman the coins necessary to purchase the products. After doing so, the woman made another offer.

"If you want your hair to be as white as mine for five extra coins, I can help you through the process!"

Hearing this, Honoria instantly agreed, and thus she sat down in a chair where the woman walked her through how to treat her hair so that it was a snow-white color with a silky texture. By the time they had finished treating Honoria's hair, brow, and lashes, she looked like a different person.

Though her face was the same, the vast difference between her previous chocolate-colored hair and her now snow-white hair was substantial. With her ashen skin and mint green eyes, the white hair complimented her natural features better than her natural hair color.

After witnessing the transformation, Agnellus was shocked; he could not believe the young girl could be even more beautiful than she was prior. Though few people had seen Honoria in her life as a princess, it was still better to be safe than sorry, and thus her new disguise, while simple, had a significant effect.

Honoria saw the expression on Agnellus's face and smiled with her pretty pink lips before asking the man the question on her mind.

"Well, how do I look?"

The traveling jewelry merchant and sailor struggled to find the words to compliment the young girl in front of him. However, after careful deliberation, he eventually came up with the phrase.

"simply divine"

Hearing such an incredible compliment, Honoria began to blush, her naturally pale skin flushed with a slight pinkish tone, complimenting her new snow-white hair perfectly. The woman who had helped treat Honoria's hair began to pout; her most recent customer had outshone her beauty by a wide margin.

However, there was hope in her heart that Honoria could inspire her fashion trend, which should not naturally exist in this era. Without Berengar's interference by creating and selling pomade, powdering hair would not come into existence for some time. This was just another effect that Berengar unknowingly had on the timeline.

After paying the woman for her help, Agnellus and Honoria left the shop and entered the streets. Now that Honoria had a disguise, she no longer cared about covering her appearance, and her beauty attracted many eyes. Despite this, nobody would ever guess that she was the princess of the Byzantine Empire.

Despite the young beauty walking through the streets showing her stunning appearance, not a single man approached her. This was due to Agnellus' escort, he was a tall and strong man by nature and naturally intimidated anyone who thought to interact with the young beauty by his side. Thus she walked through the crowd with a gorgeous smile on her face, attracting the glances of all men and boys alike.

Of course, Honoria herself was unaware of the lustful gazes that were cast her way and thus continued without a care in the world. Throughout the rest of the day at the town, Honoria followed Agnellus around, where he purchased the necessary supplies for the remainder of the journey. He even sold a few jewelry pieces to some of the local noblewomen, making a bit of a profit.

Before long, he and Honoria returned to the ship; the crew was still busy venturing through the town going about their business. Well, aside from the many slaves who rowed the vessel, that is, they were bound to the ship. When Honoria was alone with Agnellus, she began to thank him for paying for her disguise.

"Thank you, Agnellus. Not just for paying for the products I wanted, but for everything you have done for me up until this point."

Agents merely scratched the back of his head in embarrassment before responding to the princess.

"It is no problem; after all, you are the princess of the Empire. It is what I should be doing."

However, to this response, Honoria merely shook her head. She had decided to hide her identity, and thus she could no longer have Agnellus referring to her by her real name or her title; therefore, she began to inform the man of her intent.

"I am no longer the princess of the Empire, I ran away from home, and I have no plans on going back. From now on, you should refer to me as Valeria; I think it is best if is use a pseudonym in the future."

Hearing this, Agnellus was shocked and immediately asked the question on his mind.

"What about Count Berengar? Are you not going to reveal your identity when you arrive in Kufstein?"

To this, Honoria responded with a wry smile on her face before revealing her plans for the future.

"If I reveal my identity to Count Berengar immediately, he will most certainly ship me back to Constantinople, or at the very least inform my family that I am in Kufstein and keep me there until they arrive to transport me back to the Palace.

Instead, I will let him believe I am Valeria Zonara, a noblewoman from Antioch. After I have managed to make him fall head over heels for me, I will reveal my true identity. After all, a relationship built upon lies cannot stand for long."

Hearing this, Agnellus was surprised how much the young girl had thought through her future since they departed from Constantinople. He had to say that she was maturing emotionally with each passing day, and that was a good sign. He, too, feared Berengar's response when he found out the runaway princess had fled to his territory.

As such, Agnellus patted the girl on the head and smiled at her before saying the words on his mind.

"I think that is a smart idea; I pray that your dreams come true."

After saying that, Agnellus removed his hand and looked up at the moon in the sky before commenting once more.

"It is getting late; I think you should get some rest. We still have a long ways to go before we reach Kufstein."

Hearing this, Honoria smiled and nodded before leaving towards the allotted quarters. While doing so she made sure to thank Agnellus once more.

"Thanks again! I appreciate it!"

As she said this, Heraclius swept down from the sky and landed on her shoulder, where the two of them departed for their quarters. The eagle was not the least bit surprised that Honoria had changed her hair color and merely cawed at her while nodding his head in approval.

The last thing Agnellus heard the princess say before entering the cabin was the young girl talking to her pet.

"Thanks, Heraclius!"

With this, Agnellus merely shook his head and looked up at the moon once more before saying his thoughts aloud.

"That girl is just too cute..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239: Lamberts Official Death I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Since the death of Lambert, Berengar had hidden it from his family. The reason being he was afraid of the effect such news would have on his loved ones. More importantly, he did not want them to figure out that he had personally killed his brother in battle and claimed his skull as a drinking cup. This barbaric act was Berengar's final revenge on his little brother for the boy's wicked actions.

However, he could not keep the secret forever, and thus Berengar had been hatching a scheme to inform his mother, father, and little sister of Lambert's death. He had just been too busy up until this point to do so.

However, with his schedule free for the next few days, Berengar knew the time had come to announce Lambert's death and allow his family to have a good image of their lost loved one in their hearts and minds.? As such, he had recently sent out a summons to his parents so that they may appear in Kufstein.

It was on this day that they had finally arrived, and when they did so, they were amazed to see the changes that had occurred to their once humble Barony. The last time they were in Kufstein, it was little more than an agricultural town. Now it was a thriving city, protected by mighty walls made of steel-reinforced concrete bricks.

The sturdy star-shaped walls that bore dozens of cannons facing in all directions were an intimidating sight to the couple who had never thought that Kufstein would grow so rapidly in the year since their departure.

Like all visitors, they had to wait in line until the city guards could vet them; Sieghard was quite impatient as he waited within his carriage. Eventually, he and his wife arrived at the city gates, where the guards flagged them down.

The guard overseeing their arrival was a refugee from Saxony and had fled to Kufstein with his family during the initial outbreak of the war. Having no skills to speak of, he could only enlist in the Army and hope for a spot in the garrison which he was lucky to receive.

Because of this, the man was entirely unfamiliar with Berengar's parents and did not immediately recognize them. Thus he uttered the words he had said a hundred times on this day alone as if he were speaking to any commoner who wished to enter the city.

"State your names and your purpose for visiting the city of Kufstein."

While Sieghard had waited impatiently up to this point, he quickly began to scowl when the guards of the territory he once ruled did not even recognize his identity. Thus he proudly declared his position.

"I am Sieghard von Kufstein, father of Berengar von Kufstein! This is my wife Gisela von Kufstein, mother of Berengar von Kufstein."

Hearing this, the guard's eyes opened with shock; he was not aware that Berengar's parents were still alive; His first instinct was to allow them to pass quickly. However, as a diligent guard, he knew he could not allow someone into the city just because they claimed to be related to the Duke; therefore, he quickly gave them an order.

"Wait right here while I get someone to verify your identities..."

After saying that, he left the area; shortly after that, he returned with a man equipped with brass-trimmed blackened plate armor; this man was an officer in the ranks of the garrison. The moment he arrived and noticed the former Baron and Baronness sitting in their carriage at the gates with an impatient expression, the man quickly slapped the grunt who had made Berengar's parents wait upside his helmet before bowing respectfully to Sieghard and Gisela.

"Apologies, your Grace, some of the members of the garrison are new to Kufstein and are unaware of your identities... You can quickly head to the Castle; I will make sure you are unobstructed on your journey."

This officer was a veteran of Kufstein's forces, dating back to when Sieghard ruled over the region. Thus he knew the appearance of his old liege like the back of his hand. On the other hand, Sieghard was greatly bewildered when he was referred to by the honorific "your Grace" and quickly questioned the term as if his hearing had failed him.

"Your Grace?"

Sieghard and his wife were unaware of just how much progress Berengar had made in the past year; after all, they had retired to the countryside and maintained a peaceful life, they did not bother to check in on the current affairs of the realm.

The officer looked befuddled; it took him a few moments to realize that the couple was unaware of the changes made to Kufstein and all of Austria during their seclusion, and thus he merely smiled before saying.

"It appears your son has many things to inform you about. Welcome home!"

with that, Sieghard nodded in confusion before ordering the servant who drove his carriage to press forward.

"To the Castle, it appears there is much I have to speak about with my son..."

With this, the carriage rode forward and up to the Castle, where Sieghard and his wife departed; at the gates, Berengar, Linde, Henrietta, and Hans were present to greet the couple. Gisela stiffened when she Berengar's appearance; the scar was above and below the eyepatch that covered his right eye made her feel a sense of overwhelming dread.

As such, Gisela quickly walked over to Berengar and grabbed his face into her hands.

"My poor baby! Who did this to you?"

Berengar felt awkward as he heard this and coughed as he released himself from his mother's grasp.

"I was injured on the battlefield, but rest assured, I am fine."

Though Gisela did not believe that Berengar was fine after being blinded in one eye, she accepted his words; for the time being, Berengar did not want to talk about it. Thus she quickly looked over at Henrietta, where she hugged her little daughter.

"My sweet Henrietta! It has been so long, and you have grown so much during this time!"

Henrietta was sheepish as usual and was silent as her mother grabbed ahold of her. After embracing her darling little daughter for a while, Gisela turned her gaze to Linde, where she stared at her coldly. That is until she saw the child in her arms; at that moment, the former Baronness's icy demeanor immediately melted, and tears of joy began to form in her eyes as her maternal instincts took over. She quickly reached out to Hans, where Linde begrudgingly handed her son over to his grandmother.

"Is this my grandson?"

Linde nodded with a warm smile on her face before declaring her thoughts.

"Yes, his name is Hans! He is an incredibly gifted child!"

Berengar smiled when he saw his father and mother for the first time in a year. The last time he had seen his father, the man was lean and worn; to put it simply, he was a husk of his former self. Yet during this past year, he had filled out his muscular body once more, and though he had aged quite a bit since Berengar first reincarnated into this world, the man had a healthy aura about him, as if he had recovered his lost vigor.

Berengar approached his parents with a broad smile on his face.

"Father, Mother, it is great to see you; I am glad to see that you are both healthy! I wish it were under better circumstances that I could summon you."

Berengar had been deliberately vague about the reason for requesting their appearance in Kufstein, and when he said these words, a hint of worry flashed across his father's face. On the other hand, his mother was too enamored with her grandson to notice Berengar's words and had approached Linde, where she took Hans into her arms and spoiled the child.

Having seen this Berengar sighed before leading his parents into the Castle.

"I am sure you are both tired and would like some rest; please follow me to the Dining Hall; I will have some food prepared for you.

Sieghard and Gisela nodded and followed Berengar and the rest of the family into the Dining Hall, where they shared a pleasant meal. After it was over, Berengar tapped Linde on the shoulder and spoke his mind.

"Linde, why don't you take Henrietta, my mother, and Hans away for a bit? I am sure you all have some catching up to do."

Linde immediately understood Berengar's intent; as such, she nodded politely before leading Gisela and the others to a different section of the Castle.

"If you will follow me..."

Though Gisela was hesitant to leave her husband and son, Sieghard silently nodded, signaling her to follow Linde and their daughter. Once they had disappeared from earshot, Berengar asked his father a simple question to break the ice.

"Should I get you something to drink? We have made significant progress with alcoholic beverages; I am sure that you will love whiskey."

Hearing this, Sieghard nodded, and Berengar brought out a pair of glasses where he poured the precious substance into them before handing one to his father. Berengar proceeded to take a sip before expressing his thoughts to his father.

"I see you have a lot of questions on your mind. You don't need to be so hesitant; ask away."

Hearing this, Sieghard took a sip from the whiskey; in doing so, he began to cough up a storm; he had no idea that the liquid would have such a burning sensation. He had taken a big gulp and immediately began to regret it. After doing so, his cheeks began to flush, and he could feel his head spinning.

Berengar chuckled at sight, and after a few moments, Sieghard collected his thoughts before asking the first question on his mind.

"I was referred to by the term "your Grace" when entering the city. Since when do I hold such a prestigious position?"

Berengar's joyful expression came to a halt, and a solemn gaze was cast upon his father before answering the question.

"Truthfully, it was not too long ago. To make a long story short; The Austrian armies were defeated in Bavaria, where Duke Wilmar died in battle. After crushing our armies, the Bavarian troops marched into our lands, where they raped, pillaged, and burned a large chunk of it. In the process, they successfully laid siege to Vienna, where they executed Wilmar's sons and married off his daughters to God knows who.

Only Conrad escaped, where he fled to my lands. In the process, I was named Regent and helped him take back the Duchy from Bavarian control; however, shortly after, the boy fell into a deep depression and took his own life, leaving me to clean up the mess. Some nobles rebelled, which I put down with ease, and Liutbert, the closest male relative of the late Duke Wilmar, acquiesced his claim to the Duchy onto me."

After summarizing the recent events, Berengar took a sip from his whiskey once more while waiting for his father to register the news. Sieghard was in shock; all of these things had happened to Austria while he was living a peaceful life in seclusion. He had no idea how Berengar had so adeptly moved his way up the feudal hierarchy from Viscount to Duke in such a small time frame. For the first time in his long life, he began to fear his son.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240: Lamberts Official Death II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sieghard stared at his son in silence for a few moments; during this time, all he did was slowly drink down the glass of whiskey. It was only after he had finished its contents that he began to speak the thoughts on his mind.

"When you were but a child, I did not believe you would live to be an adult. After all, you were so sickly back then. Because of this fact, I had focused all of my efforts on raising Lambert to be my successor. I left you to the life of a lazy wastrel, and if I am honest, I did not care; because I was sure that you would die before reaching the age of majority.

Despite this, you limped on, for years, engaging in pointless frivolities and smearing my family name. Yet, I tolerated it because I kept telling myself soon enough you would be dead, and Lambert would be my heir. When you fell ill a little over a year and a half ago, I assumed that was it, that you would be dead and in the grave and no longer be a black mark on my family's history.

Yet once more, you surprised me. You crawled your way out of the grave and brought yourself back to life. In the days that followed, you became a completely different person, driven, intelligent, and capable. It was as if you were not even my son anymore.

Within half a year, you had brought great wealth and success to Kufstein, the likes I had never anticipated. A year from then, you are now the Duke of Austria. To say that I was wrong about you is an understatement.

While I thought Lambert was a worthy successor, it turned out that I was blind to his shortcomings; rather than wait for you to naturally enter the grave, he poisoned you and made multiple other attempts on your life when you started showing yourself as a worthy member of this Dynasty.

The guilt I had for being a poor father to you and your brother forced me to concede my title and lands to you, and I now know that decision was the most excellent choice I have ever made in my life. With this in mind, I want you to be honest with me, for no matter what you tell me; I will be able to handle it. So allow me to ask you the question on my mind... Lambert is dead, isn't he?"

Having listened to this long-winded speech, Berengar felt his emotions fluctuate throughout the entirety of it; he had initially planned to tell his father that Lambert died gloriously in battle defending Christendom from its enemies. Still, after seeing the gaze in his father's blue eyes, he knew he could not lie to the man, and thus he opted to drink from his glass. Once he had finished the contents and had a mental buzz from the alcohol, he opened his mouth and revealed the truth.

"Lambert has been dead for some time now... The fool marched an army on our lands in an attempt to end my life and that of my family. So I marched an army of my own to meet him at Oberstdorf, where it turned into a chaotic slaughter. That knave took my eye from me, and in doing so, he paid the price with his life."

Sieghard frowned when he heard this. However, his expression did not sink into despair, merely one of understanding. After sighing heavily, the man signaled for Berengar to fill up his glass, where Berengar proceeded to pour another round for himself and his father. The two men drank in silence for some time before Sieghard opened his mouth.

"I'm sorry, Berengar..."

Hearing this, Berengar was stunned he was not expecting such a reaction from his father to the news of his son's death. As such, Berengar decided to clarify his confusion.

"About?"

Sieghard had a grave expression as he continued his train of thought.

"For everything. If I were a better father to the two of you, you would not have been forced into such a situation. It pains me to know that the grudge between you two brothers was so great that Lambert sought to kill you even after a chance at redemption. If I were a better man, I could have prevented everything bad that has happened to you."

Berengar merely drank from his glass in silence for a few moments before responding. When he did so, he had a severe expression on his face.

"You don't need to apologize; everything that has transpired in my life has made me who I am; without Lambert's attempts on my life, I would not be the man I am today. I fear to think about the life I would live if I had never awoken from my naivety."

Berenger then pointed to his eyepatch with a stern expression on his face and began to continue his speech.

"This is a permanent reminder that I should never show mercy to my enemies. It is because I had a soft heart that I spared Lambert at my mother's request. I will never make that mistake again."

Hearing this, Sieghard could tell that Berengar had been through a lot, and the extensive campaigns he had fought had hardened his resolve. The man before him was not the same son he knew a year ago when he left Kufstein to seek a life of leisure and seclusion.

Sieghard could hardly recognize his son, but he was curious about what Berengar was thinking and how grand his ambitions were, and thus the former Baron drank from his glass once more. Finishing its contents, he motioned for Berengar to fill it up, where the young Duke poured more whiskey into both of their cups. After doing so, Sieghard asked the following question on his mind.

"So is being Duke enough for you? Or do you desire to be King?"

When he heard this, Berengar decided to reveal some of his plans to his father. There were a few reasons for this; first and foremost, the man was family, and if Berengar's status was elevated, so too was his.

Second, the older man had retired and given Berengar his realm. Thus even if he was against Berengar's plans, there was nothing he could do. Thirdly Berengar did not plan to reveal everything about his grand ambitions, only what would come next.? With this in mind, Berengar responded to his father's question with a smug expression on his face.

"For now, I will consolidate the gains that I have acquired throughout the past year. I will implement my reforms, expand the Army, and establish a Grand Navy. When the time comes that Austria is capable of standing on its own, I will declare myself King of Austria.

If the Emperor refuses to elevate my status from a lowly Duke to a full-fledged King, I will wage war for my independence. No matter how many soldiers the Empire brings to battle, I will be victorious. In the end, I will be King, whether it is done peacefully or through bloodshed; it is inevitable."

Hearing this, Sieghard was surprised that his son had such grand ambitions, to the point where he was willing to go to war for the right to call himself King. Then again, he understood that Berengar had the means to do so. After all, the man had retaken Austria from Bavarian occupation while at the same time preventing an invasion into Tyrol.

A wide smile appeared on Sieghard's face as he thought about such a future; in doing so, he let his thoughts escape from his lips.

"My son... The King of Austria! To think that you would reach such great heights in this life. Do not disappoint me, my boy!"

With this, the father and son broke out into laughter as they switched to beer. Berengar spent the night introducing his father to all kinds of alcohol that he had made. From fortified wine to heavy beers and distilled spirits. While drinking Sieghard gave his son one final piece of advice.

"My son, do not tell your mother or your sister the truth about Lambert's death. It would break their fragile hearts."

Berengar nodded silently towards Sieghard's words. If it were not for his father being so forthright about the topic, he would have lied to him as well. With that said, Berenga drank more from the chalice in his hands. This golden chalice was not the usual skull chalice he drank from. He felt that it would be inappropriate to drink from Lambert's skull in front of his father. Thus he had prepared a different goblet.

Later into the night, Berengar's other family members returned; by the looks on their faces, they had an exciting conversation, much like Berengar had with his father. However, the way Gisela and Linde were getting along was a good sign to Berengar. It would appear that they were able to hash out their difficulties.

Thus with his family's arrival, Berengar garnered their attention by clanging a spoon onto his golden chalice; after the others had turned their attention towards him, he began to speak the words he had prepared long ago.

"Mother, Henrietta, I have an announcement to make. There is no easy way to say this, so I will just come out and say it. Lambert is dead; I have received word from the Grand Master of the Teutonic order that he has died gloriously on the battlefield defending the east from the heathens of the Golden Horde."

Gisela dropped the cup in her hands in shock upon hearing this, and Henrietta began to tear up. Sieghard grabbed ahold of his wife's hands to comfort her in this time. The two women broke out into tears as they mourned Lambert's death, leaving Berengar, Sieghard, and Linde as the only ones aware of the truth.

Berengar had concocted this statement so that his mother and sister would still look fondly on Lambert, even though he had continued to tread upon the path of evil well until his death. In reality, there was no redemption for Lambert; he had died in an attempt to murder his brother and ex-fiancee. If there was an afterlife, only eternal hellfire awaited him. Then again, if hell really existed the two brothers would surely be united one day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241: Salt and Glass
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now that Berengar had complete control of Austria, he had access to the Mediterranean via Istria. This presented a valuable opportunity to expand his business into two major areas. Glass and Salt production.

The man was hard at work drafting factory blueprints to create facilities in Istria to mass-produce such materials. The first object on his list of designs was what was once called the glass cone in his previous life. An invention used in England during the 18th Century for making glass.

Due to technological limitations, such as a lack of electricity Berengar was incapable of using modern techniques like float glass to manufacture ample glass supplies. Thus he had to dig back further into his memory to make a glass industry from scratch.

If Berengar wanted to out-compete the Venetians in the glass trade, who at this point were the major Glass producers of the world, then he needed a superior product. Luckily he knew of an invention from the late 17th Century that made England the world's top glass merchant.

This invention was known as Lead Glass in the modern era, also known as Crystal Glass due to its superb clarity. This glass was invented by adding a minimum of 24 percent lead(II) oxide to the mixture. With this technique, Berengar could create a superior glass quality compared to the Venetians and slowly take over the market.

However, drinking from lead glass could be harmful, and lead was a valuable resource in the production of munitions. Thus Berengar had opted to replace the Lead(II) oxide with Zinc Oxide instead. This created a similar level of clarity within the glass, but it was lighter weight and safe to drink from.

Berengar had an overabundance of Zinc due to its content within his mines and those of the Lords underneath his rule. Thus he was more than happy to make glass this way. Berengar intended to produce such materials in glass cone factories, where after its production, it would be manufactured into various objects.

A glass cone furnace was powered by coal and had a large central furnace surrounded by smaller furnaces to ensure that the glass did not cool off quickly. Within the center of this formation was a work area for the glassblowers to shape the glass into the final product.

He intended to build a large factory containing several of these glass cone furnaces where he could produce a sufficient amount of glass. By doing this Berengar planned to dominate the glass trade and add another industry to his portfolio.

On the other hand, the saltworks would be much easier; all he needed to do was create a large salt evaporation pond, also known as a salt pan. Essentially, all that was required was to create a shallow area where seawater is trapped and left to evaporate in the sun.

After the water was evaporated and the salt remained laborers could quickly gather it, where it would then be treated and purified into proper edible salt. The Byproducts left over would be valuable chemicals that can be used elsewhere in Berengar's industry.

If he could set up several of these saltworks across Istria, he could gain access to a large amount of salt and thus help him gain access to the salt trade. Though he would not be able to dominate the industry like the others he had entered into, it would still add another means of revenue to his pockets which would aid him in the long run.

After spending half a day designing these things, Berengar ventured to the Parliamentary building that contained the House of Lords. Though it was merely a formal procedure, he needed their approval to begin the production of the two trades he had in mind.

The moment he entered the House of Lords, the various men he had assigned to the task or were voted in by other members of the nobility all stood up from their seats as a sign of respect. It was not every day Berengar ventured into Parliament; usually, it was over something important that he wanted voted upon right away when he did so.

Thus when Bernegar stood at the podium, all of the men gathered were waiting patiently for the words he began to speak. After getting his files in order, Berengar cleared his throat before addressing the members of the nobility.

"My Lords, I have come here today to introduce a set of the legislature that needs your approval. In essence, I will be entering our Duchy into the glass and salt trades. I require your consent to construct various facilities within the province of Istria that will provide us with a large amount of the two materials.

"With my production methods, we can enter the glass trade and eventually dominate the market due to the clarity and quality of the glass produced. The wealth that is afforded to the Venetians via their stranglehold over the market shall shift to us!"

When the Lords heard this, they began to debate among themselves. One of them raised a serious concern over the matter of getting into the Glass trade, especially after hearing Berengar's ambitions to dominate the market.

"With all due respect, your Grace, do you think it is wise to steal the glass market from the Venetians? It will surely invoke their ire; we might even potentially be faced with war because of this!"

Berengar was calm and collected when he heard this information; the Venetians were not a threat to him. In this timeline, the Republic of Venice, much like the one in Genoa, were vassals of Italy's Kingdom and, by extension, the Holy Roman Empire. They maintained a significant degree of autonomy, much like other larger states within the Empire, such as Austria. Thus Berengar boldly declared his stance on the issue.

"If the Venetians are bold enough to declare war on us over a bit of competition in the glass trade, then I will march on their capital with the full force of my army and force them into subjugation. As for their Navy, when I have constructed my fleet, I will lay it to waste!

However, I doubt they have the gall to declare war on us so rapidly. By the time they realize they have lost the market, we will already be in a dominant position. Thus we have nothing to fear from angering the Venetians!"

Berengar was not afraid of war or making enemies; after all, he had spit in the face of the Vatican and caused a Reformation in Germany, which had made all of his neighbors except for Bohemia hostile towards him.

The only thing keeping his enemies from invading Austria was the fear of a defeat; after Berengar crushed the Teutonic Order and the Bavarian Army, few were bold enough to venture in to Austria until they could figure out countermeasures to his terrifying weapons.

Hearing his bold stance on the issue, the other Lords mainly were persuaded; after all, many of them had marched to war alongside Berengar and knew though boastful, he was not arrogant. They did have the means to defeat Venice, as for his claims about the Naval power they were creating? Well, in their eyes, it was yet to be seen how effective Berengar's fleet would be.

Thus after some deliberation, the House of Lords unanimously approved of the measures. Gaining dominance in the glass market would bring an absurd degree of wealth to Austria, and thus the potential gains far outweighed the potential risks.

With his plans approved, Berengar stayed around and discussed some of the other topics of interest. Though many minor things were discussed, ultimately, it was all relatively insignificant, and thus, Berengar returned to the Castle in Kufstein after some time.

Legislating laws was up to the House of Commons and the House of Lords, and Berengar would for the most part not get involved in such affairs until it was placed on his desk where he could either sign it into law, revise the bill and send it back to the House of Lords for approval, or veto it. A fairly streamlined process gave him significant control over the Duchy while still taking the weight off of his shoulders of micromanaging every detail.

After returning to his home, Berengar had a meal with his family and then took a bath with Linde before returning to his room. After closing the door, Linde quickly latched onto Berengar and began to kiss him passionately while the two began to undress.

After doing so, Linde made a request of Berengar that he was not expecting.

"Would it be too much to ask, to give Hans a little brother or sister?"

Hearing this, a wide smirk filled Berengar's immaculate visage as he responded by pressing Linde down on the bed and having his way with her. Initially, he planned to wait a while to produce more children, but he would not refuse his lover since she was asking for it. As such, Berengar spent a large portion of the night trying to impregnate his lover once more.

Thus Berengar ended the day with a wide grin on his face. Whatever future troubles may appear, he would answer them with firm resolve.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242: The Princess Arrives I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nearly a month had passed since Honoria first entered the Danube, and with it, she had finally arrived in Kufstein. Since her adventure in Hungary, she had spent much time on the ship learning to sail and going over the German language with the translator that Agnellus had brought with him. When she was not on the boat learning to sail, sleeping, or learning the German language, she was venturing through the villages they passed through, talking to locals, and experiencing life.

By now she was fairly proficient in the use of the German Language, though she would still have a tough time holding an extended conversation without the translator. Despite this, she was fairly certain she could still communicate with Berengar when she arrived, after all the two of them were nobility, and thus should know Latin.

Now that she had finally arrived in Kufstein, she made sure to dress in her prestigious apparel before venturing towards the castle with Agnellus in tow. Over the past month, she had devised a plan to get on Berengar's good side and had discussed it at length with Agnellus. Her goal was simple; she would approach Berengar under the guise of being a noblewoman from Antioch named Valeria Zonara, seeking to establish trade with Berengar regarding jewelry.

After all, Austrian jewelry was starting to become popular in the market due to its high quality and new materials such as white gold. It had become highly desirable for the nobility among the Danube river to purchase. This has initially been Agnellus' reason for coming to Kufstein. Thus this little scheme of hers did not require anything extra of Agnellus other than for him to play along with her little ruse.

The galley pulled into the river Inn, which separated Kufstein's city and parked at a port designed for river merchants. The moment the ship came to a stop, Heraclius flew off from Honoria's shoulder and into the sky above. Where he was headed to, Honoria did not know. Regardless he would sure to be back soon enough. Thus Agnellus and Honoria followed suit and stepped off the vessel, where Agnellus gave Honoria a stern warning.

"Alright, I am going to go register with the dockworker, stay here, and don't get yourself into any trouble."

The moment Agnellus said this, Honoria rolled her eyes before back-sassing him.

"I know the drill; we have done this a dozen times already!"

Agnellus merely laughed at Honoria's attitude before departing to do as he said he would. As for Heraclius, he had flown high into the sky well above the river where he landed on the pane of an open window. This window belonged to Berengar and was the window to his study within his castle where he was currently sitting.

The moment the bird landed on his window, Berengar looked over and was shocked. He knew this bird to be an eastern imperial eagle, yet they were not found in Austria. Kufstein was well out of the bird's range. He could understand if it was a golden eagle, but this bird from the eastern Mediterranean should not be here in the Alps.

As such, Berengar's natural curiosity came over him, and he slowly approached the majestic eagle, where he lifted out his hand for it to sniff. In doing so, Heraclius gave Berengar a curious sight as he began to talk to the bird.

"Hey there, little fellow, what are you doing here so far from home?"

The bird instantly recognized Berengar's status by the extravagant attire and the fact that he was in the castle's study. Thus he knew this man was likely Honoria's target and decided to provide some assistance to his master.

The bird was quite surprised to see the man while taking a routine flight and had thus approached Berengar of his own free will to gauge his character. Seeing that Berengar did not shoo him away, and was instead friendly, left a good impression on the eagle.

However, Berengar's words that came next greatly shocked it. Berengar had been staring in the eagle's eyes this entire time; while he was observing Heraclius, he recognized that the eagle was also sizing him up, and thus he laughed at this.

"My my, aren't you quite the intelligent bird. Tell me have I gained your trust yet?"

Very few humans ever spoke to Heraclius as if he could understand them, only Honoria did so, and Berengar had quickly found out the bird's intellect. Thus Heraclius was just as curious with Berengar as he was with him.

"Tell me, my feathered friend, are you here on your own? Or did someone bring you here? I find it hard to believe a mighty eagle like you would venture this far into the alps on your own accord."

Hearing this, Heraclius merely cawed before flying out the window and down towards the docks. Seeing where the bird was headed Berengar chuckled, and shook his head before saying his thoughts aloud.

"Alright... I'll bite!"

Thus Berengar quickly gathered his medallion cape and slung it over his right side before placing his cavalier hat upon his head. Afterward, he promptly departed from the castle and followed the bird down to the Docks. Heraclius had made sure to hover in the air and guide Berengar towards Honoria, who was waiting patiently by the ship she had arrived on.

After a short journey through the streets of Kufstein, Berengar found his way down to the docks, where he saw Heraclius land upon the shoulder of a gorgeous young woman. This woman had white hair, brows, and lashes. While having pale skin and mint green eyes, she appeared to be a beautiful albino at first glance, and this immediately caught Berengar's interest as he gulped the saliva down his throat.

When Heraclius landed upon Honoria's shoulder, an elegant and pretty smile spread across her perfect face as she petted the eagle on the head while addressing him.

"Heraclius? Where have you been? We have only just arrived, and you already wandered off!"

Heraclius cawed in response to this and pointed his head toward Berengar, who had just arrived in front of the beautiful princess. It was not until this moment that Honoria had noticed Berengar's presence and was taken back by his handsome demeanor.

There could only be one man in Kufstein dressed so lavishly and having such a perfect appearance in her mind. While dressed in his black and gold Elizabethan attire, with a Cavalier hat, the embellished eyepatch added to his striking figure, rather than take away from it. As such, Honoria was attracted to Berengar to the same degree he was to her.

Berengar put on a charming facade before creating a subject to talk about with the attractive young woman standing in front of him. He decided to speak in Latin for one simple reason. He could tell by the woman's attire that she was from the Byzantine Empire, and though Greek had replaced Latin as the primary language of the Empire, she would surely know Latin as a noblewoman.

Berengar's Latin was a little rusty, but as a nobleman in the Holy Roman Empire, he spoke it to a degree. Thus, he was able to communicate with the woman effectively.

"Heraclius, huh? A fitting name for a majestic creature like the eastern imperial eagle! Emperor Heraclius was a great man to depose the despot Phocas and lead his armies to victory against the Sassanids to the East."

As Berengar said this, he prayed that his knowledge of Byzantine history in his previous life was the same as it was in this timeline. Luckily for him, he appeared correct because the girl covered her mouth in shock as she heard this. She had no idea that the Count from Kufstein would be so well educated in her own people's history.

Honoria was also surprised that Berengar's Latin was fluent. Though he spoke in the Church's dialect, it was still surprising to see a German nobleman pronounce the tongue that she and her ancestors spoke with such proficiency. The girl was greatly enamored by her first impression of the man in front of her. Having seen that Honoria was thoroughly ensnared by his charms Berengar took the time to introduce himself.

"Apologies, my lady, I should have introduced myself first. I am Berengar von Kufstein, Duke of Austria. Might I have the honor of knowing your name?"

It took Honoria a few moments to process her thoughts; when the princess heard Berengar refer to himself as a Duke, her heart fluttered for a moment. However, eventually, she managed to calm her beating heart before responding with what she had planned to say for some time now.

"I am Valeria Zonara; I am but a minor noblewoman from Antioch here to engage in the jewelry trade with Kufstein, your gems are legendary, and I would very much like to sell them in the Empire!"

Hearing this, Berengar sighed heavily within his mind while thinking to himself.

'If only she were a princess...'

After hearing Honoria was a minor noblewoman and not a princess, he had lost interest; despite her exceptional beauty that was on par with Linde's and Adela's, Berengar had told himself he would not take in another girl unless there were significant benefits tied to it, like an alliance with a foreign Kingdom.

Thus Honoria had unknowingly shot her initial chances into wooing Berengar in the foot without realizing it. Instead, Berengar controlled his animal instincts and shifted Honoria to the back of his mind into the category known as "strictly business."

Thus he no longer gazed at her lustfully and instead put on a friendly smile as he addressed her business concerns.

"Well, you are not wrong; we have the finest gems and jewelry here in Kufstein. I would be more than happy to negotiate with you about a trading agreement. How about you come back with me to the castle, and we can have a discussion about this over a hot meal?"

Honoria noticed the shift in Berengar's gaze as she stated her identity and felt as if she had somehow said something that displeased him, but she could not tell what.? Ever being the wise bird, Heraclius realized that Honoria had ruined Berengar's initial impression of her and lightly pecked at her cheek, trying to warn her that she was friend-zoning herself.

Unfortunately, he could not speak the human tongue and could not inform the princess of her mistake. Thus Honoria merely shrugged the eagle off of her as she proceeded to bow gracefully to Berengar.

"It would be my pleasure!"

Hearing this, Berengar smiled and led her back to his castle. He had no idea that this Lady Valeria was Princess Honoria in disguise, and by now, he had mostly lost interest in trying to snatch her for himself.

On the other hand, Honoria had other plans; she fully intended to win Berengar's favor, especially now that she had seen him in person and was intensely infatuated with him. Thus an awkward Lunch was about to occur between Berengar, Linde, and Honoria, as the trio introduced themselves over a meal.

Of course, Honoria had utterly forgotten that she had promised to wait for Agnellus behind at the dock, and thus this would greatly outrage the man when he found out he had been left behind so that the princess could dine with the Duke. However, he was registering the boat with the dockmaster for the time being and was unaware that Honoria had left with Berengar.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243: The Princess Arrives II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After arriving in the castle with a new, young, beautiful woman tied around his arm, Linde was unhappy, to say the least; she could not take her eyes off of Berengar for a single moment without him chasing after the next prettiest girl in the room.

Before Berengar even explained the situation to her, he had himself, Honoria, and Linde sit down at the dining table, where the best food in Kufstein was prepared for them. While they waited, Linde stared furiously at Berengar, and this did not go unnoticed by Honoria.

However, Honoria saw Linde as competition in the war for Berengar's affection; the only question on her mind was whether or not Linde was Berengar's fiancee or his mistress. As such, she casually approached the conversation by complimenting Linde to Berengar.

"Your Grace, your wife is lovely; you must be quite proud."

Linde was no fool; she immediately understood Honoria intended to inquire about her identity, and thus she responded on Berengar's behalf, like a lioness protecting her alpha from an unknown stray.

"Our marriage is a happy one; we even have a child together, a beautiful baby boy named Hans!"

After hearing about Hans, Honoria instantly knew Linde's identity; she was the lover Arethas had told her about. However, she was confused about why she lied and said they were married when they weren't. As such, she posed the question to Berengar.

"I am sorry, I heard you were engaged, but I did not know you were married; when did you two get married?"

Knowing that Linde was the lover and not the fiancee, Honoria felt she had a greater chance of securing a spot in Berengar's heart and quickly shot back at Linde's bluff. Which caused Linde to be visibly outraged. She thought to herself

'Whoever this bitch is, she has done her homework.'

Berengar instantly knew that the two girls were fighting, but there was not a whole lot he could do to stop it, and thus the best thing a man should do in this scenario was clarify the issue at hand before it spiraled further out of control, while at the same time placating his lover with affection.

"Linde is not officially my wife, but if I could have two wives, she would be one of them. She is my lover, the mother of my child, and my partner. We consider ourselves bound by our souls, so in a way, you could say that we are married right honey?"

Linde instantly rolled her eyes at Berengar; he was not usually the diplomatic type, the fact that he was approaching this little feud as a mediator meant he had some interest in the girl, or so she thought.

Honoria, on the other hand, acted as if she was shocked about the news. Though she knew Berengar had two women in his life, she felt the need to criticize him; if his fiancee was as beautiful as Linde, wasn't he just being a bit too selfish? As such, she let her jabs fly. Of course, it was all dealt with a sultry smile and a seducing voice.

"Why Berengar? I did not know you were that kind of man? Tell me, if you already have two women, then why not three? or four?"

To this, Berengar scoffed as he quickly drank from his skull chalice. He was well aware of the glares he was receiving from Linde at this moment, and thus he decided to approach this landmine without setting it off.

"My love life is already complicated enough... The only way I would entertain adding a third woman into my life would be if she was a Princess of a powerful foreign Kingdom. That way, I could gain something from the massive headache I would receive, such as a political alliance."

With this, Honoria instantly realized why Berengar stopped looking at her with passion when she told him she wasn't a princess. She could only imagine the trouble he must have by making two women happy. A third would be a nightmare, but she was undeterred; after all, she was, in fact, a princess.

Heraclius heard this and started cawing in a manner that resembled laughter. He did this while giving Honoria a gaze that displayed his thoughts for everyone to see. Those being something along the lines of

'See! You should have been honest from the start!'

However, Honoria would not so quickly reveal her status as a princess. Instead, she inquired about Berengar's intentions and thus asked him another question.

"I have a hypothetical question for you. If you don't mind answering?"

To this, Berengar merely nodded his head before replying.

"Go ahead, as long as it is not something too personal, I do not mind answering your questions, Valeria."

With this, Honoria put on a pretty smile and rested her gorgeous face in the palm of her hand while staring at Berengar with a longing gaze.

"Suppose a Princess runs away from her marriage and shows up on your doorstep because she had heard legends about you and was fascinated with the idea of being with you instead of her pillow-biter of a fiance. What would you do?"

To this, Berengar chuckled and responded with a sly response of his own

"This pillow-biter wouldn't happen to be the Crown Prince of France, would he?"

Honoria's surprised expression told Berengar all he needed to know about the identity of this girl. After all, he had a conversation with Arethas about Honoria being upset because she had a gay fiancee.

Now Berengar had not suspected Honoria until the moment she brought up this hypothetical. The reason it so quickly clicked in his mind was twofold. One, he seriously doubted there were more than a single openly homosexual prince in all of Europe.

Secondly, he had heard from Arethas that Honoria was a beauty no less gorgeous than Linde. Considering Linde was in the top one percent of women he had seen in the entirety of his two lives, he felt it was improbable that this woman would bring up a hypothetical that so perfectly described Honoria's situation while being as beautiful as the princess was said to be.

At the moment, it was only a suspicion, and Berengar had no definitive proof that the young girl in front of him was Princess Honoria, but all signs pointed to it. She was roughly the same age as Honoria; she came from the Byzantine Empire, she was as beautiful as Honoria was said to be, and she just so happened to describe a so-called hypothetical that matched Honoria's situation perfectly.

Then again, as far as Berengar knew, Honoria was still within the Empire, thus unless he could confirm her disappearance, he would not be able to say with certainty that the woman before him was Princess Honoria.

So rather than out the girl, he merely responded with a non-answer. As such, he put a sly smile on his face before answering Honoria's question.

"That would depend."

Honoria was still recovering from her shock that Berengar knew about her engagement, so it took her a few moments to adequately address Berengar's statement.

"Depend on what?"

To this question, Berengar took a drink from his skull chalice before responding.

"It depends on whether or not I live up to the hype. So let me ask you a hypothetical question of my own. Let's say you are this hypothetical princess who has run away from her marriage and her home to come to visit me to see if I am her dearest Prince-Charming. From what you have observed about me until now, do I match the image you had in your head?"

In response to this question, Honoria quickly drank from her chalice before answering Berengar's question.

"It is too early to tell..."

To this, Berengar merely chuckled while Linde eyed Berengar and Honoria's actions closely. She could easily tell what mind games Berengar was playing with this so-called Valeria Zonara. After all, Linde had a mind for intrigue, and if Berengar could guess her identity so too could Linde; she was also privy to the conversation with Arethas about Honoria's dissatisfaction with her betrothal.

This created a deep sense of worry in Linde's heart, not because Berengar might fall for the princess, she was already willing to share with Adela, and a third girl wouldn't hurt. It was because if this girl was Princess Honoria, then she had just brought trouble to their doorstep. The kind of trouble that Berengar might not be able to get out of, and nothing worried Linde more than her lover and her son's safety.

Linde knew she would have to investigate the real identity of this young woman who presented herself as Valeria Zonara, though it would be difficult. After all, Her intelligence network did not reach the Byzantine Empire, and if Honoria indeed ran away from home, it would be a tight-lipped secret.

The damage such a scandal would cause to the prestige of the Emperor, and his Dynasty was no laughing matter. If the Emperor could not properly control his own family, how could he possibly control an Empire with any degree of competency?

Of course, Honoria had no way of knowing that Berengar and Linde would dig into her background, it might take some time and effort, but with enough elbow grease, they could very well find out the truth of the matter, and when they did; hopefully Honoria had entrenched herself into Berengar's heart by then. Else she would be shipped back to the Empire to await her fate.

Thus the conversation at Lunch would continue for some time; after all, they had only just begun to break the ice with one another.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244: The Princess Arrives III
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Honoria was visiting Bernegar for lunch at his Castle, Agnellus eventually returned from the dockworker with whom he registered his arrival. Of course, he had to pay a fee for using the dock, but that was not an issue for the veteran merchant.

What was an enormous issue was that the moment he returned to his galley, the Princess he had been tasked with protecting by his sister was nowhere to be seen. This caused an immediate sense of panic to fill in the man's gut.

Though he technically said he would help her until she arrived in Kufstein, he had at least wanted to make sure the young woman made it to the Castle okay. After all, if she was going to be meeting with Berengar, he too wanted to meet with the man so that he could negotiate access to Berengar's jewelry trade.

Both he and Honoria agreed beforehand that he would accompany her and pretend to be her servant, which would allow him to negotiate with Berengar for the jewelry business while maintaining the girl's cover.

Yet before he had the opportunity to take advantage of that, the girl just up and disappeared on him. Thus Agnellus began to search around the city of Kufstein for Honoria quite frantically. He would never forgive himself if something happened to her on his watch.

As for Honoria, she was currently eating lunch with Berengar and Linde. It was utterly unknown to her that her cover was already blown, at least enough to warrant a full-scale investigation into her identity.

As such, she was enjoying her time getting to know Berengar, who was more than happy to oblige the girl he thought may very well be the Byzantine Princess. To Berengar, it was better to keep the girl he suspected to be the Princess of the Empire by his side and provide her safety and security in his lands until he could verify her identity.

The reason for this was simple. If Valeria turned out to be Honoria, and he turned her away on the suspicion that she was the Princess. The Byzantine Empire could blame him for any misfortune that might befall her after he had kicked her out of his domain.

After all, the more Berngar talked to Honoria, the more he realized she was just a naive girl who had only recently come to know the cruelties of the world. For example, at this moment, Honoria did the unthinkable. She asked Berengar about a serious matter that a person would typically avoid discussing in their first meeting with someone who had a noticeable disability.

"So tell me, Berengar, how is it that you got yourself that fashionable eyepatch."

The food had yet to arrive when Honoria asked this question, which meant that they had been speaking to one another for less than half an hour; hearing this question Berengar put on a bitter smile as he tried to deflect the painful memories of how he nearly lost his life in battle.

"Let's just say I was wounded in battle, and we should leave it at that."

Though Berengar often reflected on his mistakes, as that was the only way to learn from them. He did not enjoy others learning of them; as such, his propaganda network had spun quite the tale about how Berengar found himself surrounded by multiple Teutonic Knights and, through sheer force of will, and overwhelming skill managed to overcome the odds, losing his eye in the process.

In truth, in a moment of recklessness, Berengar charged beyond his lines and into the fray where he lost his trusty steed and suffered a grievous injury in single combat against his brother before blowing the kid away with a pistol.

Despite this unflattering truth, the battle at Oberstdorf was too chaotic for anyone to witness how Berengar was indeed injured, so he used his injury to paint a picture of invincibility in the face of immeasurable odds. After all, if anyone could pull off such a feat, it was surely Berengar.

Despite having made up such a story to conceal his costly mistake, Berengar did not feel like lying to the girl about how he was injured and thus tried to kick the can down the road to inform her at a later date. That is, Should they ever grow close enough for him to reveal the humiliating truth of his injury.

However, Honoria didn't seem to take the hint and continued to press about the issue.

"You lost it in battle? That is fascinating! Who were you fighting? Do you still have the eye, or is it completely removed? Can I see it?"

Meanwhile, Heraclius merely shook his head at Honoria's response and looked at her as if she were an idiot. If an eagle like him could tell Berengar did not want to talk about the issue, why could this girl not see it?

As such, the mighty eagle began to peck at Honoria's face lightly, it was not enough to break her skin, but it was his way of saying that she was making a mistake. Honoria reacted by shoving Heraclius to the side, and the eagle rolled his eyes in response. With an expression on his face that said

"It is your funeral."

Luckily for Berengar, a distraction came in the form of food, and as such, an excited expression appeared on his face as he announced its arrival.

"I am afraid we will have to discuss this some other time. The food has arrived; I hope it is to your liking!"

Honoria took one look at the food on her plate and thought it was relatively simple, at least when considering the fine byzantine cuisine she was used to. However, the moment she bit into the pork schnitzel, she felt as if her tastebuds had entered heaven, and she could not help but moan in pleasure.

After eating a few bites of the food in front of her, Honoria exclaimed her thoughts aloud having already completely forgotten about her question.

"I had no idea Austrian cuisine was so delicious!"

To this, Berengar smiled proudly before responding to her comment.

"Well, I am glad you enjoy it; my chefs work very hard to prepare the best cuisine for myself and my guests to dine on."

At this point, Honoria had begun digging into her food, completely forgetting the reason she was officially in Kufstein, to begin with. That is until Berengar brought it to her attention.

"I suppose we should get down to business now that the food has arrived. How much of my jewelry can I expect you to purchase, and what is the price you offer for it?"

The moment she heard this, Honoria dropped her fork in shock and began to panic as she voiced her thoughts aloud.

"Agnellus!"

Berengar and Linde were confused by her actions. As such, Berengar tried to figure out what she was talking about.

"I am sorry, who?"

It was at this moment Honoria realized she had made a scene and calmly collected herself before speaking.

"Agnellus... he is erm my subordinate, he handles the business affairs. I accidentally left him at the docks..."

Berengar desperately wanted to facepalm at the girl's remarks. Honoria had spent all this effort to create a cover story, and in the end, she left behind a critical asset at the docks, one that could seemingly verify her identity in the event there were some suspicions. Berengar did not know who this Agnellus was or what his relationship with the girl was, but he figured it could not be anything good.

Now that Honoria was in Berengar's lands, she was under his protection, and as such he wanted to get to the bottom of this. If Agnellus had done anything inappropriate to this girl during their travels, he would be severely punished.

As such, the young Duke clapped his hands, and a couple of guards stationed nearby walked over to him. As they did so, they saluted their liege by pounding their breastplates and standing at attention before Berengar gave them their orders.

"Search for this Agnellus from the Byzantine Empire within the city, and bring him to me. He is probably looking for the girl as we speak, so it should not be too hard to find him."

With that said, the guards yelled in the affirmative.

"Yes, your grace!"

After doing so, they immediately departed from the Castle and formed a search party to find Agnellus. While Berengar, Linde, and Honoria waited. Berengar began to ask a question of his own to the girl.

"So tell me, Valeria, what is Antioch like?"

Honoria had no response to this question; she had never been to Antioch, nor had she ever had anyone describe what the city was like to her. She could probably imagine a fake answer, but it would be easily discovered if Berengar looked into it. As such, she gave a vague answer trying to deflect the question.

"Oh, you know, it is just like any other city in the Empire..."

To this, Berengar smiled and nodded his head politely while saying a typical response.

"Of course"

however, her lack of knowledge of the city she claimed to be from only further convinced Berengar that the girl in front of him was, in fact, Princess Honoria. Only a girl locked up her entire life would use a major city of the Empire as her backstory and not know the first thing about it.

Linde was also cautiously watching the scene, and though Honoria did not realize her lies had been seen through, Heraclius sure noticed it. However, despite being on alert, he did not sense any hostility from Berengar and Linde, only pity.

Heraclius had an excellent judge of human character; something told him that Berengar was not the kind of man that would cause unnecessary harm to Honoria, even if deep down the eagle could tell that Berengar was by no means a kind-hearted man.

As such, the trio began to make pleasant conversation over the meal, waiting for Agnellus to arrive so they could continue this grand charade that everyone in the room was aware was an enormous lie. It would be some time until Agnellus was found, and by the time he arrived, all of the food would have been consumed by the people sitting at the table.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245: Getting Down to Business
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

By the time Agnellus arrived at the Castle, Berengar and the others were long since finished with the meal and had been making small talk. At the moment, Berengar was sipping tea out of a porcelain teacup that his ceramics industry had created. It was painted with the depiction of the battle at Oberstdorf.

Berengar commonly sold porcelain tea sets that depicted his various deeds, inspired by the old greek vases that showed the legends and myths of their mythology. They were pretty popular among the nobility of Austria due to their high quality and visually appealing aesthetics.

Agnellus was out of breath when he walked in and saw Honoria with a broad smile on her face carelessly chatting away with the Duke of Austria. He had spent the last hour or so searching all over the place for her, only for the town guards to grab him and escort him to the Castle without explanation. As such, he quickly called out to her.

"Lady Valeria, you had me worried sick!"

The man had become accustomed to calling the Princess by her alter ego for some time now and had no trouble doing so. Berengar was not surprised by this in the slightest and merely had his servants open up a place at the table for Agnellus.

"Agnellus, I presume? You must be starving, sit, and I will have some food brought to you as we dine on dessert."

Seeing that the Princess was safe and sound while appearing to get along quite well with the target of her affections, the worry that had built up in Agnellus' heart began to subside. As such, he did as he was instructed and sat down at the table, where a chalice of wine was quickly poured for him.

Only after the man had taken a sip from the chalice did Berengar begin to address business concerns.

"I have heard from Lady Valeria that you are the one in charge of business matters; I am quite curious what is your relationship with the young Lady?"

Agnellus looked over at Honoria and slowly examined her for a moment; he was unaware of what she had said about him towards Berengar, so he decided to play it safe and answer vaguely.

"Your Grace, I am just a humble servant who has a mind for business. The Lady wanted to visit you personally as a show of good faith, and thus I brought her here."

Berengar nodded his head at the man, though behind his warm facade, he was slowly examining Honoria's reaction to his statement. As such, he decided to continue the conversation.

"So tell me, what exactly is your proposal to get involved with my jewelry business."

Hearing that Bernegar had shifted onto the topic of he had been waiting or, a broad smile appeared across Agnellus' face as he made his proposal.

"I can ferry your fine jewelry to a new market throughout the Empire; for this, I would like to split the profits gained from the trade fifty-fifty."

Hearing this, a sly smile formed across Berengar's lips as he began to make a counteroffer.

"If it is merely ferrying my goods to the East and selling them, I believe a fifty-fifty split is a bit unfair for me. After all, I have to incur the costs of acquiring the materials and paying for the labor of the jewelry's construction. Before long, I will have a trade fleet of my own that is capable of sailing across the Mediterranean; tell me why would I need you?"

To this, Agnellus was not discouraged. Instead, he presented his reasoning

"If you wish to trade in the Empire as a foreigner, you will have to pay tariffs. You will also have to go through weaving a trade network in the East from scratch. With me, you can bypass the tariffs and make use of my extensive trade routes that cover the entirety of the Empire!"

After hearing this, Berengar thought about it for a few moments. Tariffs would be a minor problem but trying to access the Empire's trade networks as a foreigner, especially as a German, was not the simplest of tasks.

After all, there was still some prejudice in the Empire towards his kind for destroying the Western Empire centuries ago and claiming to be the legitimate successors of Rome in the form of the Holy Roman Empire.

After careful consideration, Berengar decided to negotiate further

"I will agree that you make a persuasive argument, but fifty-fifty is out of the question, As the producer of the supplies, I will take a seventy-five percent cut, and you will take twenty-five."

Despite the massive profit this could yield for both parties, Agnellus was not content with such terms, and thus he counteroffered with a more balanced offer.

"sixty-forty, that is as low as I can go. I still have to grease the palms of imperial officials to avoid the importation tariff."

Berengar found this acceptable and nodded his head with a smile on his face before reaching out his hands to accept the terms.

"Very well, sixty-forty it is; I will have a contract drafted where we will both sign. Seeing as we both have a witness, you do not have a problem with such a thing, do you?"

Agnellus smiled amicably at the terms Berengar presented and responded to his question.

"Not at all; it sounds fair to me."

At this moment, another thought appeared in his mind, and it pertained to the girl sitting next to him. Thus he quickly hatched another scheme as he made one more request of Berengar.

"By the way, could you help me out with a situation I am in?"

Hearing this, Berengar frowned; he could tell exactly where this was heading, and as such, carefully eyed Honoria with his peripheral vision before responding to Agnellus.

"It would entirely depend on what is requested of me."

Seeing Berengar's expression and tone shift, Agnellus knew to pawn the girl off onto him would be an uphill battle, but he had to do so for Honoria's sake. Thus he mustered the courage to make his demands to the mighty Duke sitting in front of him.

"The Lady Valeria's home life is somewhat volatile at the moment, and for her safety, I would like her to stay here in Kufstein under your protection far from the troubles in the East. Do you think you can keep her here for the time being as a representative of my interests?"

Hearing this, Linde began to scowl, which did not go unnoticed by Honoria. Since her arrival, Linde had been feuding with the runaway Princess over her attempts to get close to Berengar, and Berengar had maintained his distance because of this. Thus Honoria was worried Berengar would send her away; if he did so, she did not have a backup plan.

Berengar was a wise man and immediately pointed out the flaw in Agnellus's request with a snide remark.

"But Agnellus, you stated earlier that you were a mere servant of the Lady Valeria, what gives you the right to appoint a noblewoman such as herself as your representative?"

Hearing Berengar's response Agnellus knew he had overplayed his hand and had to think of an excuse quickly. As such, he made up a lie on the spot hoping Berengar would buy it.

"The truth is that I hold a fairly prestigious position within the Zonara household, and I do have the authority to negotiate such a thing. What do you say? You would be doing me a solid, and in return, I can go sixty-five - thirty-five."

Agnellus lamented the loss he would be taking in profits, but at this point, he had grown too attached to Honoria to allow her to roam the streets of the world like a wayward vagabond. Thus he was willing to take a loss to ensure her safety.

After all, Berengar seemed like he was fully capable of protecting the Princess. Agnellus could see he was interested in Honoria despite the Duke's hesitation, which was a good sign. Thus he felt like she would be safe in Kufstein and was willing to take a minor cut to ensure the girl's security. Melissa would never forgive him if he put profits over the Princess's safety.

Berengar sighed heavily as he took a sip from his tea. After a long period of silence, he made his decision known.

"Fine... If it is just keeping her safe for a while, I don't see why not. Especially since you are kind enough to increase my share in return."

The moment Berengar said this, Honoria was delighted and filled with excitement, while Linde stared at Berengar with a scornful expression. There were two reasons for this, one she did not yet approve of Honoria as a candidate for one of Berengar's wives. After all, there was a high possibility the girl was lying about her identity and thus could not be trusted.

Secondly, if she was really who Linde and Berengar suspected her to be, Berengar was bringing trouble upon their doorstep if he accepted this girl into his care. This was what worried Linde the most. Berengar may be powerful, but to contend with the Byzantine Empire was not something he was fully capable of at this moment.

Could he defend their borders from a possible Byzantine incursion? Quite likely, but the Byzantine navy could make trade exceptionally difficult with Austria, and in doing so, stagnate their economy. Such an outcome would be disastrous for Berengar's restoration efforts.

Berengar could not deploy his troops to the Mediterranean, and thus what was most likely to occur was a complete blockade on Austrian ports in Istria. Of course, this was the worst-case scenario and entirely depended on if the Byzantines found out about Honoria's location and decided to blame Berengar for her disappearance.

To Berengar, on the other hand, he was much more worried about sending the girl away without protection. If she was truly princess Honoria and he dismissed her from his care, and some harm came to her. When the Byzantines found out about such an event, they could blame him for the incident. Thus he decided to keep her under his protection until he could verify her identity.

If she turned out to be the Princess of the Byzantine Empire, he would contact Arethas, informing him of the Princess's location, and tell him to bring a caravan to escort the Princess back home.

Thus, while Honoria was happy she found a place to stay, Berengar was already scheming to find out her real identity and how to defuse the timebomb that her arrival had potentially become.

After agreeing to Agnellus' terms, the man smiled and thanked Berengar from the bottom of his heart.

"You have my eternal gratitude, your Grace!"

Berengar put on a friendly smile and nodded. With this, business was concluded, and for the time being, Honoria was allowed to stay within the Castle of Kufstein.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246: Glory to the Empire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Over a month had passed since Honoria's disappearance, and despite the Byzantine imperial family's best efforts, they had completely and utterly failed to locate the girl. They were beginning to fear for the worst.

While the Emperor was struggling to deal with the fallout of his daughter's reckless behavior, Arethas was marching an army into Egypt. They had set sail from Ionia not long ago, and they arrived in Egypt not far from what remained of the territory of the Byzantine's decades-long conflict of invading the region.

Despite the Byzantines' best efforts, the Mamluke sultanate still held control of Egypt, Cyrene, and most of North Africa. Thus leaving the Byzantine Empire in a never-ending war for reclaiming lost territory. If not for the vast wealth gained from the Levant and the trade routes connected to the Mediterranean, the Byzantines would have had to give up this conflict long ago.

However, today was different; today, Arethas marched with an army of 15,000 men; these men were equipped with matchlock arkebuse firearms and pikes. Through Berengar's intervention in the timeline, the arkebuse, or arquebus, had become a reality far earlier than in his past life, and he had sold them in great numbers to the Byzantines while aiding them in the development of pike and shot formations.

The reason for this was simple, Berengar intended for the Byzantines to be a great power in the East and act not only as a bulwark in defense of the Muslim world but as an Ally he could rely upon to aid him against his enemies.

Berengar had thoroughly outraged the Catholic world with his reformation, and in doing so, created many hostile states surrounding his borders. If he did not foster a powerful alliance with the East, he would undoubtedly be fighting a coalition of the European powers by himself. After spending a lifetime at war, he would surely end up like Napoleon.

Thus in order to ensure that he would have a powerful ally, Berengar intended to restore the lost glory of Rome to fight alongside him against his enemies. Today was the first day that the Byzantine Empire showed off its newfound military might against the Saracens who sought to destroy her.

Arethas sat on horseback at the rear of his formation, protected by his guards. In the field, the Byzantine army equipped with their mirror pattern armor held their arkebuses and pikes in their hands as the Mamluke forces gathered on the other side of the sands.

Arethas had spent a significant degree of time, effort, and expense arming and training his army in the new weapons and tactics. Initially, he had desired to spend more time getting acquainted with their use, but unfortunately, Alexandria had fallen, and he was forced to move his forces to retake what was lost before their training was complete.

Unlike the Hussites, Berengar had not provided the Byzantines with any primitive form of field artillery. Thus at the moment, they were merely organized into arkebuse, pike, and cavalry units. The Mamluke army was a traditional medieval formation and was quite confused when they saw the formations and weapons wielded by the Byzantines.

Nevertheless, the battle had begun as the Mamlukes began to march into battle; seeing this, Arethas ordered his armies to meet the enemy in battle; soon, the troops would clash in the center of the field, where they would fight to the death to determine a winner. Eventually, the armies began to close the gap where Arethas shouted his commands, which the officers and NCOs relaid among the rank and file of the soldiers.

"Hold your ground! Hold your ground until you see the whites in their eyes!"

This was a phrase Berengar had given Arethas as the basis of when his troops should fire their weapons. Berengar had long since surpassed the need for such tactics with his rifled muskets. Still, for a smoothbore arkebuse, the effective range was limited, and to gain the most effective use of their weapons, they would have to fire upon their enemies when they were at extremely close range.

The Byzantines held their ground for some time. However, many of the men in their army did not have the discipline and strength of will to hold on until their enemy was mere feet away. Thus when the enemy drew near one by one, they would fire their shots, often missing their targets in the initial charge.

Though Arethas tried to control this, it created a ripple effect; pretty soon, the entire line had fired, and though many of their shots had hit their mark, cutting down the enemy infantry, the impact they had was not as destructive as it could have been.

After the rounds were fired, Arethas was forced to deploy the pikemen to protect his infantry as they reloaded. Thus the Mamluke soldiers quickly found themselves skewered at the end of the 20 foot long weapons.

By the time the Mamluke's had gotten past the pike wall, the Byzantine arkebusiers had fully reloaded and fired a second volley. This time the effect was far more devastating to the enemy line. Seeing his forces being rapidly cut down by the Byzantine firearms, the Mamluke general instantly ordered his cavalry to charge.

Thus the heavily armored Mamluke Cavalry rushed towards the Byzantine lines, and yet as they drew near, the pikes were lowered in their direction, causing the horses to buck wild in fright and flee in the other direction. Many of their riders had been cast from their horses onto the sand below as a result.

Others found themselves incapable of controlling their mighty steeds until they had reached a point where they were safe from the enemy pike wall—seeing this, Arethas merely smirked. The battle was beginning to head in his favor.

Though the Mamluke forces outnumbered them, the combined force of pike and shot was well beyond this Medieval era's capabilities. Though it was not as effective as Berengar's tactics, it was more than enough to crush the armies of the Mamluke Sultanate.

Arethas watched the sight of the battlefield with glee as the Mamluke forces began to route; quickly saying a prayer to God, he rallied his cavalry forces and began to charge the frightened Saracens. The Byzantine Cataphracts rushed down the hillside and into the fray, where they collided with the routing enemy while wielding their lances, skewering them upon impact and sending their souls to the afterlife.

The result of this battle was an overwhelming victory in favor of the Byzantine Empire. After cleaning up the battlefield, Arethas stood along with his ranks of men, where he began to chastise them for firing their first volley early.

"All of you are soldiers of the Empire, and yet you have failed in your duty. If not for the overwhelming advantage of our weapons and tactics, we could have lost this battle today.

Why? Because many of you were frightened by the enemy charge and fired your first shot out of fear, missing your targets entirely as you did so! I expect more of the men beneath my command, and thus during the rest of this campaign, I want you all to perform much better than you did today.

If every one of you can get to the point where you follow my commands to the letter, then this campaign will be an overwhelming victory for our armies! Glory to the Empire!"

After hearing Arethas' speech, the men of his army all began to salute him and yell their battle cry.

"Glory to the Empire!"

In doing so, Arethas looked fondly upon his men. They had suffered very few casualties this day, and though the Mamluke army had routed in large numbers, likely to return in the future for further conflict. This battle was an overwhelming success, one that inspired Arethas. While armed with these weapons and tactics, maybe, just maybe, the Empire could reclaim its former glory.

Arethas had one man to thank for this victory, his trading partner and friend to the West; he did not know what Berengar had planned for the future, but he was certain that one day the man would surely be a mighty King, and after this battle, he felt great regret for not trying to convince the Emperor to marry his only daughter off to such an outstanding young man.

Then again, Berengar was already happily engaged, and Arethas doubted he could convince him to accept Honoria as his lawful wife and instead turn his fiancee into another concubine. As for the Emperor, Arethas knew the man was too stubborn to make his only daughter the concubine of some King from the West. Thus it was simply not meant to be.

As he thought about this, Arethas began to wonder about what had happened to the Princess. Had she been found during the time he was away? Was she even alive? He would never guess that the girl had run off to Kufstein because of a few good comments he had made about Berengar.

These were the thoughts that plagued Arethas' mind as he campaigned to restore the Empire's borders in North Africa. This was just one battle of many to occur with the Mamluke Sultanate. Only time could tell if the Empire was to restore its former glory.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247: Saying Good-bye
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Days had passed since Honoria had arrived in Kufstein, and it was now time to say farewell to her friend Agnellus; unlike Honoria, the man could not stay in Kufstein for long. He had a business that he had to conduct, and after settling the deal with Berengar, he had to be on his way.

At the moment, Honoria was at the docks of Kufstein, surrounded by a few of Berengar's guards. She was sending Agnellus off as the man returned to the borders of the Byzantine Empire. In Honoria's hands was the jewelry she had snatched from her room before running away from home; it was the payment she had promised Agnellus for taking her to Kufstein.

She quietly handed the jewelry over to Agnellus with a bitter smile on her face; during their journey together, she had grown quite fond of the older merchant, not to the point of romance but strictly as friends. As such, she was sad to see him go.

"Here you go, Agnellus, as promised, this is payment for taking me to Kufstein. You and your sister have my eternal gratitude. I pray that I have not caused you too much trouble in assisting me."

Though Honoria was naive due to being locked away her entire life, she had seen some of the evil of the world and knew if Melissa or Agnellus were caught for their crimes of assisting Honoria in her escape, they would likely be executed, and as such she greatly dreaded this possibility.

However, Agnellus' actions shocked Honoria as he pushed the small box filled with jewelry back into Honoria's hands and returned her bitter smile with a friendly one.

"Keep it... Truly the honor of assisting you in your journey was payment enough. Besides, I was going to go to Kufstein anyway, and thanks to you, I was able to establish a rather favorable trade deal with the Duke."

Hearing this, a small tear began to form in one of Honoria's mint green eyes. Agnellus and Melissa had taken such a huge risk for her, and in the end, they wanted nothing in return. They were truly good people; as such, she ran up and hugged the man and thanked him for his assistance.

"Thank you so much!"

Agnellus blushed in response to this as he eventually broke free from the girls' grasp. After doing so, he gave her some solid advice.

"Be careful around Berengar; he is a very sly and cunning man; his lover also appears to have a sharp wit. They may not be as good as people as you think they are. I am sure they already have begun to suspect that you are lying to them about your identity.

If you genuinely want to make the Duke yours, you will have to settle for being another one of his women. I could tell at first glance that he was not the kind of man to give up his treasures in return for another prize of equal or slightly greater value.

Whatever you do, please do not reveal your identity before you are confident he has fallen for you. If you do, he is liable to inform your family; after all, the moment he finds out who you are, he will be knowingly harboring a runaway princess, which is a severe crime in the eyes of your family."

Hearing this, Honoria began to wipe the tears from her eyes, and a determined expression took over her flawless face as she nodded at Agnellus' advice before responding to it.

"I will take what you have said to heart."

Honoria was impressed with Berengar, but she, too, sensed some form of danger from the man. Thus she was not yet sure if she was the man she wanted to give herself to. Nevertheless, she would use this time to learn more about the man and herself.

It would be quite some time before Berengar found out her true identity. If Berengar disappointed her in any way, she would move along in her life; after all, she did not plan to be a bird in yet another cage.

Hearing Honoria takes his advice to heart, Agnellus pet her glossy white hair before saying his goodbyes.

"Well, I trust you to take care of yourself. I must be going now; not only do I have to unload these jewels, but I also have to search for my sister, who should surely be in hiding right now. I pray that we may meet again, your highness!"

With that, Agnellus bowed before stepping onto his galley. The ship quickly set sail, leaving Honoria in the harbor, watching her friend depart. Heraclius was flying in the sky following the vessel to make sure it had reached the river well enough; he would return in a few hours after he was satisfied with the results.

Honoria was not like Conrad; Berengar had no intentions of leaving her confined in the Castle; she was free to roam the city so long as she had a proper escort. The escort's job was simply there to protect Honoria. As for collecting information on her, there were plenty of spies in Kufstein under Berengar's command who could silently track her movements.

After Honoria's arrival, Linde had quickly set her spies to task with infiltrating the Byzantine Empire and collecting information on two people, Princess Honoria, and the identity she was using while in Kufstein, Valeria Zonara.

However, it would be some time before her spies even arrived in Constantinople and Antioch, let alone began to gather intelligence. Thus, for now, all Berengar and Linde could do was watch the girls' interactions in Kufstein.

With Agnellus' departure, Honoria had some free time on her hands, so she decided to spend it walking around Kufstein and getting acquainted with the locals. The fact that Berengar's guard protected her meant she was essential to the Duke, and as such, nobody threatened to make a move on her as she walked through the city.

The city of Kufstein was beginning to look like an early-modern city; it had small and large shops located in the trade district. Some of these shops were owned by the nobility, others by Bernegar's dynasty, and the growing middle class owned a few. As such, she visited a clothing shop to witness the beautiful Austrian fashion she had seen Linde wearing.

Despite her luxurious silk clothes, she was fascinated with the designs that had appeared in Kufstein and began trying on dresses in the shop; these dresses were made for the common folk, and yet they still had some degree of embroidery on their bodices. The noblewomen typically had their dresses hand-tailored by unique shops dedicated solely to upper-class fashion.

Thus, after getting acquainted with the common folk's fashion, she entered one of the largest noble fashion stores, where she saw exquisite and detailed dresses that were like works of art.

While Berengar had implemented modern women's underwear, he was also a big fan of the corset. They were now commonly worn by women of all statuses with their dresses; when Honoria saw that several of the women in the shop looked abnormally busty, she was surprised; she had no idea what a corset was or how it helped with a woman's figure.

Seeing the beautiful young woman dressed in foreign attire enter the store, the shop clerk quickly came over to Honoria and began to inquire what kind of fashion she was interested in.

"I apologize if this comes off strange, but you are as beautiful as a Princess! I think you would look wondrous in some of the dresses our shop has to offer? I suggest this lovely mint green and gold dress that is exclusive to our shops; it will go perfect with your eyes."

Honoria was immediately overwhelmed by the shop clerk. Still, before she could respond, she was thrust into the changing room and quickly measured all over her body by the tailor, which she felt significantly violated her privacy. As such, she immediately began to blush.

After doing so, the tailor, who was a woman, formed a smile on her face as she proclaimed Honoria's measurements aloud.

"30C-20-30, not bad! Do not worry; I will have a dress fit for you in no time."

The shop's clerks and tailors did not bother to see if the woman could pay the ridiculous price for the high-end fashion. After all, she was protected by Berengar's guards, and if that were the case, even if she couldn't pay, they could always bill the Castle for the expense. Berengar was known to pay a fair price for his fiancee's and lover's dresses, and because of this, nearly every tailor in the city had desired to make a dress for one of his women.

After some time, Honoria walked out of the stall in a mint green dress with gold embroidery in the Elizabethan fashion style from Berengar's previous life. Due to the corset she was wearing, she felt incredibly uncomfortable at first, and yet it highlighted her already perfect figure, making her look far more desirable.

As she approached the counter with an awkward smile, she informed the clerk that all she could pay with was jewelry.

"erm... I don't have any of the local currency on me; I can only pay with jewelry, is that alright?"

Though Honoria was uncomfortable with being forced into this situation, she loved how the dress looked on her and did not want to leave it behind. However, the clerk merely smiled at her and informed her it was hers to take.

"Do not worry about that; if you are close to Berengar, he will properly compensate us. Just make sure to tell everyone where you got the lovely dress!"

With this, Honoria nodded and departed with her bodyguards. After doing so, she headed back towards the Castle; she did not know why but she wanted to get Berengar's approval of her new dress as quickly as possible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248: Dreams of the Future
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Honoria quickly returned to the Castle with a desire to show off her new dress to Berengar. However, she was not familiar with the layout and promptly got lost. By sheer chance, she ended up at Berengar's study, where he was currently working on approving Naval expenses and drafting new ship designs. A powerful Navy was a versatile Navy, and while Berengar's shipyards were being constructed, he would draw many different blueprints for future vessels.

Berengar was drafting a 20 gun Sloop of War based upon the USS Boston, which was commissioned in 1825 during his previous life. It was a fast, and agile single-deck ship armed with twenty 24 lb cannons.

While drafting the blueprints, Berengar heard a knock on the door and assumed it was Linde as she was usually the one who visited him during the day. As such, he said with a smile on his face.

"Babe, you know it's open. Do you need to knock?"

Upon hearing this, Honoria began to flush as she slowly opened the door and revealed her gorgeous figure in her new dazzling dress. Berengar was quite shocked when he saw this and scratched his head with an awkward expression when he saw it was not Linde in his doorway.

"Lady Valeria, I am sorry I mistook you for someone else. Is there something I can help you with?"

Honoria meekly entered the room as she responded to Berengar's comment.

"Not really, I was just curious, is all; I haven't seen your face in a few days and wanted to know what you were up to..."

After doing so, the princess twirled around in her new dress, giving Berengar the hint to comment on it. Berengar had to admit she did look perfect in the dress, but he had a nagging suspicion that he would be the one ending up paying for it. So instead of complimenting her as she wanted, he merely asked the question on his mind.

"How much did that dress cost me?"

Hearing this, Honoria began to pout; she had not gotten the response that she desired and quietly muttered under her breath.

"I don't know."

Berengar found this to be adorable, and as such, he smiled before giving the girl what she wanted.

"Well, whatever it cost, it was worth it. It looks perfect on you."

After hearing this, Honoria blushed and smiled before she began to sit down in the chair in front of Berengar's desk. As she did so Berengar placed his quill down before covering the ship blueprints with his Naval expense reports. He did not want such sensitive information being leaked, and as such, he began informing the girl of his more boring actions these past few days so that she would lose interest.

"As for what I am up to, I am merely attending to matters of the State; as a Duke, I have a lot of work cut out for me; for the most part, it is rather boring."

Honoria merely nodded her head, disinterested as she heard this. However, she read the bold words at the top of Berengar's paper; her understanding of the German language was rudimentary, but she could still read the word "Naval"; as someone deeply fascinated with sailing, she was curious about this and thus asked.

"Naval expenses? Am I reading that right? I didn't know that Austria had a Navy..."

Hearing this, Berengar's pleasant smile turned sour as he tried to conceal what he was up to. The building of a Grand Austrian Navy was crucial to his plans, and at the moment, he was trying to hide his dreams for as long as possible.

As such, he tried to dissuade the girl in front of him from prying into his business.

"Lady Valeria, I know you are naturally curious, but it is not polite to pry into the business of someone else's territory. I will forgive you for the moment, but I hope you do not try to entangle yourself with my affairs any further."

Hearing this, Honoria began to pout as she responded to Berengar's words.

"I am sorry, I am just interested in sailing, is all; I got excited when I saw the word Naval. I promise I won't look at your documents in the future."

Hearing this, Berengar was curious and thus asked Honoria the question on his mind.

"You are interested in sailing, huh? Is that your dream? To sail across the Mediterranean as free as an eagle with nothing but the salty wind of the sea to keep you company?"

Honoria began to contemplate Berengar's words for a few moments, before responding honestly.

"Truthfully, I do not know; I have never had the luxury to think about what my dreams for the future are. I suppose you could say I am still finding that out..."

Hearing this Berengar began to feel pity for the girl, however, the next question she asked him shocked him.

"What about you? What are your dreams?"

This was a question Berengar commonly thought about, and as such, he put on a pleasant smile as he informed Honoria about his ambitions for life.

"At first, I wanted nothing more than to inherit my family's lands and spend a good thirty years or so bettering the lives of my people, and by extension my family and myself, before retiring to some villa near a lake to live the rest of my days in peace."

Hearing this, Honoria was curious; it seemed like a noble goal. However, she noticed he prefaced the statement with the term at first, and as such, she was curious about what he thought; as such, she inquired further about it.

"And now?"

Berengar sighed before his expression turned solemn; as it did so, he revealed the heights of his ambitions.

"The world is a cruel and unforgiving place; I learned that pretty early on in life. If I can do a little evil to achieve great things, then I will do so. I yearn for the unification of my people, and I don't simply mean the Austrians, but all Germans.

Those who speak the German language and have some form of German culture should be united in a single Empire to thrive and determine their destiny free of foreign interference. Everybody else contending for the title of "King of Germany" is doing so in pursuit of their vain glory.

I know I can do better, and in doing so, I can better the lives of all German people, even if it comes at the expense of other cultures and ethnic groups. Thus I will fight trying to achieve this and even die in pursuit of my dream if necessary.

A dream is something you should pursue even if everyone else says it is impossible, something you are willing to kill and die to achieve. When you finally feel such overwhelming passion for something, you know that you have found your purpose in life, or so it is my belief.

History will either remember me as the world's greatest villain or Germany's greatest hero. Either way, I do not care, so long as I can accomplish my dream."

Hearing Berengar speaks so passionately about his dreams inspired Honoria to find what she cared about so deeply. As such, she asked Berengar for guidance on the issue.

"What do you think my purpose is?"

Berengar sighed heavily and shook his head before responding.

"That is for you to find out, but if you are fascinated by sailing, it might be a good place to start. For now, I can hire a few sailors to teach you how to sail a riverboat; if you end up falling in love with it, I can always send you to Istria in the future, where I am establishing a Naval Academy."

Honoria was touched when she heard this and instantly placed her hands on her heart as she listened to Berengar's kind words. She quickly followed up by asking Berengar the thoughts on her mind.

"You would do this for me?"

Berengar smiled and nodded as he said so.

"Sure, why not? You are here under my protection for the time being. You might as well learn a thing or two while you can."

Tears began to form in Honoria's mint eyes, and she could no longer control her overwhelming emotions; she knew it would be no small cost for Berengar to hire sailors to teach her how to sail, and yet despite barely knowing her, he was willing to go so far to help her find out her dreams in life.

She could barely contain her happiness, and as such, she quickly latched onto Berengar and hugged him tightly while whimpering in his chest.

"Thank you!"

Berengar did not know what exactly this girl had been through to be so happy over what to him was such a little favor. However, he decided to let the girl cry herself out into his doublet and merely patted her head as she did so.

Of course, the moment Honoria latched onto him, Berengar could see the sky blue eyes of Linde staring at him with a murderous glare in the doorway. This sight immediately sent shivers down Berengar's spine, and though he tried to jump up from his seat, he was held down by the whimpering princess.

Linde did not bother entering the room, Berengar had already seen her displeased appearance in the doorway, and that alone was enough to send a message to him. When she finally left, Berengar sighed deeply before thinking in his mind.

'I am going to pay for this later...'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 249: A Jealous Lover
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After having his little discussion with Honoria, Berengar sent her away from his office, claiming that he had work to do. She was happy to oblige and thus left Berengar alone in the room. Not long after Linde arrived and appeared rather upset, the moment she closed the door behind her, Berengar knew he was in trouble.

Linde stood before Berengar's desk while staring him down; after a few moments of awkward silence, she sighed before sitting down and resting her pretty face on the palm of her hand before speaking.

"I can't leave you alone with the girl, can I?"

Berengar had a worried expression on his face, he was well aware of how dangerous Linde could be when she was upset, and though it was a misunderstanding, she would not easily believe him. Thus he tried to explain his innocence to his lover.

"I swear I am innocent, I simply did her a favor, and she latched onto me like a leech; how was I supposed to know she is so clingy?"

Linde's sky blue eyes stared at Berengar with a curious gaze before she asked the question on her mind.

"You did her a favor, huh? What might that be?"

Berengar had nothing to hide, and as such, he explained the conversation he had with Honoria.

"I merely told that since she was interested in sailing, I could hire someone to teach her how to sail a riverboat properly. If she was interested further, I could always send her to the Naval Academy I am building sometime in the future."

Linde had a hard time believing Berengar's words; after all, the girl was clinging to him so tightly, and thus she narrowed her gaze at Berengar to see if he was lying. Though Berengar was nervous, he was innocent of any foul play, and as such, he returned Linde's glare with one of grit.

Seeing how Berengar wasn't lying, Linde sighed before giving him a friendly warning.

"Don't let that little vixen dig her claws into your heart; if she turns out to be the Byzantine Princess, it could only bring trouble..."

Berengar nodded his head in response as if he understood Linde's message. Though in reality, he had begun to reconsider his options regarding this so-called "Lady Valeria." If the girl was Princess Honoria, then several paths presented themselves on how to proceed.

Linde was no fool the moment she saw Berengar nod his head, the look in his eyes flashed from being genuine to being deceitful, and thus she glared at him before demanding answers from him.

"Just what is it that you are thinking in that scheming mind of yours?"

When Berengar heard that Linde had already discovered he was plotting something, he smiled bitterly before revealing this thought.

"I can't hide anything from you, can I? Fine, I will tell you my schemes."

Hearing this, Berengar poured himself and his lover a drink as they began to chat about his plans. He ran a chalice of fortified wine for himself, but since he and Linde aimed to have another child, he poured her a cup filled with water.

"Let's say that the girl is Princess Honoria; aside from appeasing the Byzantines and preventing a diplomatic crisis, what can we possibly gain from shipping her back to the Empire?"

When Linde heard this, she thought about it for a few moments and answered her question.

"We could potentially gain their gratitude, further increasing the amount of trade we have with them? Isn't that enough?"

When Berengar heard this, he wagged his finger and clicked his tongue.

"Tsk tsk tsk... You are thinking too small, my dear. If she is the Princess and has fallen for me, why not take advantage of this and have a son with her? If I do this, my Dynasty gains a claim to the Byzantine Empire, a weak claim sure, but enough to depose the next Emperor if he proves hostile to us."

Linde looked at Berengar as if she were speaking to a madman before expressing the thoughts on her mind.

"That is a little risky. If the Byzantines find out we are harboring their runaway Princess with the intent for you to make her into another one of your consorts, they will surely take action against us!"

To this, Berengar leaned back in his chair and smiled before speaking his opinion on the matter.

"By the time they can take any practical action against us aside from severing trade, our Army and Navy will be greater than theirs. It will take years for them to conquer North Africa, assuming they ever find out that we harbor the Princess.

How many people know what she looks like? How many of them are here in Kufstein? Only Arethas would be able to reveal her identity, but she can easily be hidden from him. Sure there is a significant risk, but there is an even greater reward.

Even if they do paint a picture of her and use it as a bounty for her safe return, let's be honest, how many people will recognize her? The artistic talent of people these days is not exactly lifelike. Not like the artists I have fostered here in Kufstein!

Of course, all of this relies on the fact that she is the Princess. If she is who she claims she is, then I have no interest in the girl, and you can rest easy."

After hearing this, Linde sighed before looking deeply into Berengar's eyes and asking the question on her mind.

"So you don't have feelings for her?"

Berengar smiled with a wide grin on his face while leaning back into his chair; as usual, he was blatantly honest with his lover on how he felt about the other women around him.

"At the moment, no, I am simply planning for the future. However, if she proves to be Princess Honoria and my plans come to fruition, which is to say I do not fall for the girl? After all, her innocence is quite charming, and I have more than enough love to give to three women..."

To this, Linde scoffed; it was hard enough balancing things with Adela; if a third girl entered the picture into their already complex relationship, she knew she would have a headache. Despite this, she also knew that once Berengar had set his mind to something, it was impossible to convince him otherwise.

As such, she took ahold of the chalice she was provided and quickly downed its contents, carefully making sure not to spill a single drop of the water within before responding to Berengar's audacious claims.

"I hope you know what you are doing..."

Before Linde could get up and walk away, Berengar spoke again, instantly gluing her attention to the words he spoke.

"Of course, there is another option available. I could always marry the girl and seal an alliance with the Byzantine Empire. Though this would require effective diplomacy, and at the very least, I would have to elevate my status to that of a King, in order to gain the Emperor's approval."

Hearing this, Linde was shocked and immediately began to stare at Berengar as if he were a scoundrel.

"You would break your betrothal to Adela for this woman you barely know!?!"

To this insinuation, Berengar feigned offense as he clarified his thoughts to his lover.

"Why Linde, I am offended that you would suggest such a thing; you know how much I love my little fiancee. Of course not, but who is to say I am limited to one wife? As King, I could easily enact Polygyny.

After all, with my new succession laws, it will not be an issue for the future of the Kingdom, and if the reformists have a problem with it, I can always justify it with the fact that Abraham had multiple wives."

Hearing this, Linde stared at Berengar with shock for a few moments before expressing the thoughts on her mind.

"You have truly thought through everything, haven't you?"

To this, Berengar nodded his head with a smug grin on his face before answering in the most arrogant way possible.

"Someone has to, do they not?"

After hearing this, Linde smiled before departing, though after she left, that smile quickly shifted to a frown. She was not happy about this new arrival or Berengar's plans for her. As such, she quickly got to work writing a letter to Adela to inform her about the appearance of a new rival in their complicated relationship.

Perhaps together, the two girls could convince Berengar not to go through with such a thing. Of course, Berengar had no idea that his two women would begin to scheme behind his back to prevent Honoria from entering his little harem.

After all, he was much too busy overseeing the management of the Duchy of Austria and implementing a series of reforms that would change the political and legal landscape of the realm for the foreseeable future.

Under his guidance, the Industrial Age would soon be forced upon Austria. If he wanted his territory to enter the new era peacefully, significant changes would have to be drafted to his rudimentary constitution and transitional government.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 250: More Constitutional Reforms
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A new day had arrived, and with it, Berengar had found himself thrust headfirst into work and approving his reforms. The first order of business was redrafting his Constitution so that it could apply to the entirety of the Duchy. As the Duke of Austria who had just put down the rebellion of his most disloyal subjects not long ago. Berengar was in a unique position to overhaul his territory.

As such, he was currently in the process of fixing some of the errors of his Constitution that he had previously established. For example, he was moving away from the House of Commons and House of Lords to implement a more streamlined bicameral legislation partially based upon the early days of the United States Constitution from his past life.

A House of Representatives was established as the lower house of his bicameral legislature. These representatives would be voted in by those people who met the qualifications to vote. Such as German men of upstanding character and proven intellect.

The second department of his legislature was the Senate which was voted in by the County Legislatures. Much like America, the House of Representatives would be determined by the total population, while the Senate would have two individuals per State or in this case, County as Senators.

These representatives and senators had a term limit of four years. If deemed incompetent, corrupt, or any other number of charges could be removed by the executive and replaced with a person of his choosing until the next election.

The House and Senate worked was similar to that of the United States but functioned in a more streamlined manner. Those would first introduce a bill, which would be sent to the Senate for retirement or acceptance when passed by a majority vote.

From there, it would be given to the Duke where he could either sign it into law, revise it to his wishes and then send it back to the Senate for approval once more, or veto it.

Unlike the American Constitution, there was no overriding of a Duke's Veto, though the bill could still be reintroduced through the legislative process. However, a veto was usually considered a firm stance by the Duke that he did not desire such a law.

The so-called House of Lords would be repurposed as the Duke's Council, which essentially acted as a cabinet. Their responsibility would be to help lead Berengar's reforms while serving under him. The Duke's council could be appointed and dismissed at any time according to the reigning Duke's determination.

Part of the Duke's Council's responsibilities were selecting a successor to the Duke in the event that the Duke had passed away without appointing a successor himself. The process to this was voting upon eligible members of the von Kufstein Dynasty for the position. Whoever had the most votes was chosen.

This was a fail-safe, established so that the most competent successor would be chosen in the event that the Duke was to pass away before selecting the best candidate from his Dynasty to replace him. The Duke's Council would only choose the successor in very limited circumstances.

The Executive Branch of government was ruled by the Duke at a federal level, as for a State and Local level, the reigning Noble of the territory would act as governor. They would still need to introduce a localized form of government such as a State Legislature, and Court System, to aid them in their reign.

The nobility who ruled over their territories were allowed to continue to do so as governors, though the succession laws that applied to the Duke were also applied to all Governors. This was to ensure the most competent person was selected as the Governor of their region.

Of course, each Duke had executive powers, which allowed them to pass legislation without the approval of the federal and county legislatures. However, these could just as quickly be repealed by the next Duke. This was to ensure the political power of Berengar and his descendants so that they did not just become another powerless figurehead.

With the Legislative, and Executive branches refined, the Judicial branch was further elaborated and based upon the American Republic from Berengar's previous life. With a supreme court, which determined what was legal based upon the Constitution.

As with all judges, these supreme court justices were appointed by the Duke and served for life. However, if the Duke determined that they had failed to fulfill their duties according to the law and instead operated on some form of personal agenda, he could have them removed and replaced.

This Constitutional system allowed for some semblance of freedom while still retaining significant control of the government in the hands of Berengar and his Dynasty. In doing so, he created a Semi-Constitutional Monarchy; as in practice, Berengar still had the power to effectively make any decision he pleased and could stack the government in his favor.

He also maintained a strict stance of a small, intelligent electorate comprised of full-blooded law-abiding German males, preventing any foreign influence in his elections as the non-german minority had no voting rights whatsoever. Thus maintaining the idea of a united German fatherland for years to come.

Of course, he once more allowed a transitional period of ten years where he still ruled as an absolute monarch. This transitional period could be further extended by the Duke if deemed necessary. This way, he could slowly assimilate his territory into his new style of government.

After drafting these constitutional reforms, Berengar sighed heavily; he had spent a lot of time and effort revising his Constitution. It would also likely change in the future when he went from Duke to King, to Emperor. For now, this was the best effort he could put forth.

With this, Linde arrived in his room and placed a flagon of beer on Berengar's desk, and in her own hands was a goblet filled with milk. She took a look at the reforms and noticed the exhausted expression on her lover's face. After doing so, she sighed before commenting on Berengar's work.

"You do realize that when word of this gets out, the neighboring Duchies and Kingdoms will be even more upset with you than they currently are. You are single-handedly overhauling centuries of governance into something new which greatly strips away the nobility's power."

To this, Berengar laughed as he grabbed ahold of Linde's perfectly shaped face before expressing his views on the matters at hand.

"Sure, the nobility loses their ability to draft troops, issue their currency, and own all of the lands. However, they will still act as de facto governors of their territory and will have more wealth than before when my reforms go into place.

At the moment most noblemen gain their wealth by taxing poor peasants. With the industrial age upon us, businesses will boom, and goods will be sold. The common people will grow wealthier and afford nice houses, which the currency they use to purchase the land to build those houses upon will go into the hands of the nobility, who currently own that land.

It is not like I am taking all of the lands of nobles away from them. They will still have vast swaths of territory, and they will more than make up the loss of land with shares in the businesses that are bound to sprawl across Austria in the coming years.

The nobles may not hold all of the wealth of the Duchy in their hands, but they will be wealthier than they were before, and that is all that matters. When the neighboring Kingdoms realize that our realm's nobility is more affluent than they are, they will grow envious and spiteful.

They might lash out against us, but we have the power of industry on our side, and their feudal armies have already proven not to be the match of my professional army."

Hearing Berengar's long-winded speech about the forthcoming age, Linde grew wide-eyed as she imagined what it would be like. She greatly admired Berengar's vision for the future and the lengths he was willing to go to to achieve it.

Thus she wrapped her arms around her lover, and gazed at the latest draft of the Constitution, and asked another question that was on her mind.

"In the end, all the power rests in your hands, doesn't it? Everything else is just a ruse to appease the commoners and the nobles. According to this Constitution, you can pretty much replace anyone you don't like in the government with someone who supports you."

To this, Berengar smiled and took a sip from his beer; after doing so, he thought about it deeply for some time before responding.

"The average person can't be trusted with any semblance of political power. Even if I were to make my population fully literate, the masses would never understand the inner workings of government. They inevitably will vote into power people who promise to give them the most benefits at the expense of the Nation.

With that, corruption will take hold of society, and the Nation will slowly decline into total collapse. Only by maintaining an educated and intelligent electorate can a Republican-style government genuinely thrive. However, the more literate people become, the more they will ultimately want representation.

Thus if I try to hold onto all the power like a Despot, there will inevitably be a revolution. Creating a lasting Empire is built upon compromise. With this, I hope to make a long-lasting system where our descendants maintain power, and those intelligent enough to understand how the government works are placated with appropriate representation of their interests."

Hearing this, Linde nodded her head, and a sly smile appeared on her face.

"In other words, the Duke knows best, right?"

To this, Berengar chuckled before responding.

"I suppose you could say that…."

Thus with this, the Constitution of the Duchy of Austria was drafted, in a system that somewhat resembled a limited republic, while still giving significant control to the nobility and the Duke.

Berengar had carefully drafted a constitution that he felt limited the negative effects of constitutional republics, and monarchies alike while still maintaining a significant degree of control for himself, and his Dynasty.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 251: Adelas Concerns
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Within the city of Graz, deep inside the belly of its Castle, was a young woman in the middle of her adolescent years. This girl was Adela von Graz the fiancée of the infamous Duke Berengar von Kufstein. While Berengar was beginning to introduce a series of legal reforms that would shock the European world, his fiancée was reading a letter written to her by her rival in love.

This rival was none other than Linde von Habsburg. With the arrival of Princess Honoria, Linde felt a significant threat to her position and thought it was necessary to inform Adela about the situation since Berengar had purposely neglected to mention the appearance of a new potential rival.

This letter did not openly entail the secret that Linde suspected this young woman from the east to be the lost Princess of the East. Instead, it merely introduced her as a young maiden lying about her identity and trying to get close to Berengar.

However, as Adela read the contents, her expression began to sink. She was well aware of the relationship between Berengar and Linde at this point; after all, it was common knowledge. She had even come to terms with the idea of Berengar taking a lover on the side and had convinced herself that great men were capable of doing such a thing.

However, news of a foreign beauty from the east who was potentially lying about her identity while trying to capture Berengar's attention was something Adela did not take lightly. Judging by the contents of the letter, Adela figured there was more to the story.

If Linde was worried about this new arrival to the point where she would write a letter to Adela, it was a fairly serious situation. Adela lay down upon her bed as she read the contents of the letter with a pouting face. She instantly voiced her discontent with the situation.

"Berengar, you dummy!"

Adela had a quick wit, and she instantly looked closer at the letter; perhaps something that she missed would explain Linde's worry more adequately. After studying the letter, Adela found it was written in code; if she could write down the first letter of every third word, it formed an expression of its own.

She quickly began to decipher the content, and after writing it down on a separate piece of paper, two words stuck out like a sore thumb.

"Princess Honoria"

Adela was not too familiar with the royal court of the Byzantine Empire, and as such, was utterly unaware of who Princess Honoria was. Still, the fact that this young maiden from the east had the title of Princess could only mean one thing. Adela's position as the primary wife was being threatened.

After all, if Berengar were to add a Princess to his collection of beautiful young women, then indeed it made sense for him to marry her instead, especially if she came from a powerful kingdom. With this news, the young girl was beginning to nibble on her thumbs in anxiety.

After careful consideration, she realized that her fourteenth birthday was around the corner, and she would have to have a conversation with Berengar about this when he finally arrived. As such, she wrote a letter to Linde thanking her for informing her of these matters and requesting her presence at her birthday so the two of them could confront Berengar about this issue together.

After writing the letter, Adela heard a knock on her door. As such, she quickly walked over to the door and opened it, revealing the voluptuous figure of her eldest sister Ava, who by now had a worrisome expression on her face.

Since Berengar's reconquest of Austria, Ava's husband Wolfgang had been deposed as count of Salzburg and replaced by his younger brother at Berengar's behest. Despite her and her husband's apologies for their actions while Berengar stayed in Graz, the man had gone through with his threat. He thoroughly removed Wolfgang from any position of authority, he did so while Conrad was still alive, and he was the Regent of Austria.

Since then, Wolfgang and Ava had permanently moved to Graz at the behest of the new Count of Salzburg; after all, the man could never forgive his older brother for forsaking their homeland and fleeing Steiermark while Salzburg was embroiled in warfare.

Since then, Ava and her husband had become humbled, and with Adela being the fiancée of the new Duke of Austria, Ava no longer found her for the daily conflict. Instead, she had begun to grovel at Adela's feet so that the young girl might convince her future husband to restore Wolfgang's position.

Thus after Adela saw Ava in her doorway, she began to sigh and shake her head as she asked Ava the question on her mind.

"What now, Ava? I am a little bit busy!"

Ava could tell that Adela was distressed, which was unusual for the little girl who was usually so full of life; as such, she instantly saw it as a way to curry favor with her younger sister. Thus Ava put on a worried fa?ade and returned Adela's question with one of her own.

"Little Adela, is everything alright? You look quite upset…."

Though Adela knew what games Ava was playing, she honestly didn't care, as it would be nice to vent her frustrations to someone. As such, she opened the door all the way and allowed Ava into the room before she sat down on her bed and hugged her pillow.

"A Princess is visiting Berengar, and I am afraid he will try to marry her instead…."

Ava was quite shocked by this; when she had tried to seduce Berengar, he paid no attention to her natural charms. Thus she was also quite upset when she heard some other woman had begun to attempt to latch onto her little sister's beloved fiancé.

However, she hid her inner fury and tried to console Adela instead

"A princess, huh? What Princess? Do you know her name and what Kingdom she is from?"

Hearing this, Adela merely shook her head before responding to her sister as she stared at the floor.

"I have never heard of her before. Do you know who Princess Honoria is?"

Ava had to think about it for a few moments before a light sparkled in her eyes, and she remembered where she had heard the name.

"Where did you hear that Princess Honoria had visited Berengar? That should not be possible; as far as I know, there is only one Princess by that name, the Imperial Princess of the Byzantine Empire, supposedly she is quite the beauty.

However, she has been locked up in the palace her entire life and is restricted from interacting with outsiders. There is no possible way she has visited Kufstein to see Berengar, her father the Emperor wouldn't allow it!"

Hearing this, Adela's eyes lit up, and the dread she felt began to fade away; she might have been reading too much into the letter. Still, the odds of a hidden message like what she had found by pure coincidence were entirely non-existent.

As such, she decided to show Ava the letter, and after explaining to her how she found out about the Princess's name, a scowl formed on Ava's face as she tried to think through what this meant. Eventually, Ava came to a conclusion and began to suggest what she thought the message conveyed to her little sister.

"In the actual letter, it appears as if this girl is going by the name Valeria Zonara, and she claims she is from Antioch. However, Linde suspects she is lying about her identity. The hidden message might be the guess she has about her identity.

I highly doubt that it is princess Honoria, unless, of course, she ran away from home to visit Berengar, but that's impossible, right? I mean, how would she even know who Berengar is? Let alone how could she get to Kufstein by herself? This has to be some form of mistake."

Adela nodded at Ava's comment; it made sense. However, she also knew Linde's character well enough to know that she would never panic like this and send Adela an encrypted message with a suspected identity unless she was positive about her conclusion. Thus her sister's comments did little to calm Adela's nerves, despite the sound logic.

After a few moments of thinking things through, Adela realized there was no point worrying about such a thing. She would have to confront Berengar when he arrived for her birthday. It was not far away, and she could wait patiently for an answer until then.

Seeing Adela cheer up, Ava began to ask her the question that was actually on her mind.

"Now that you are in a better mood, can you ask your fiancé to restore Wolfgang's position for me!"

Hearing this, Adela merely rolled her eyes and began to push Ava out of her room.

"Get out of my room Ava!"

Despite Ava's protests, she eventually found herself on the other side of the door pouting. This was the thirteenth time she had asked Adela today, and as per usual, she was rejected. She would have to find some other way to convince the girl to talk to her fiance about the issue at hand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252: Berengar and Honoria
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was in the middle of his usual office work, Honoria patiently waited outside his study. Even though she was allowed to move within the City of Kufstein freely, she mainly had stayed inside the Castle, waiting for opportune moments to approach the man that had caught her interest.

Because Berengar was constantly guarded by Linde's watchful gaze Honoria had few opportunities to get to know Berengar very well.? Berengar had not responded well to her advances up to this point. At least not as well as she had hoped.

She was beginning to doubt her charm; after all, Berengar already had Linde, a woman so beautiful she was dubbed one of the three heavenly beauties of Austria. Even Honoria had begun to doubt her charms when in comparison to Berengar's lover.

Nevertheless, she was undeterred, so long as she was staying in Kufstein, she wanted to find out more about Berengar and determine whether or not he was indeed fit to be her man. Thus she was waiting outside his study door, so she could "conveniently" run into him, giving her an excuse to ask him to lunch.

After several hours of waiting around the Castle, Berengar finally receded from his seclusion. When he did, Honoria immediately began to walk by and attempted to bump into him casually; however, she somehow ended up tripping over the air and fell to the ground. Luckily as she was falling, Berengar reacted and grabbed ahold of her, steadying the young princess on her feet as he did so.

Berengar gazed worriedly into Honoria's mint green pupil's as he asked the question on his mind.

"Are you okay?"

Honoria began to blush as she stared into Berengar's one good eye, his charming face gazing at her with worry-filled her heart with feelings she was uncertain about. Thus she looked away and pulled herself from his grasp, standing on her own two feet.

"I am fine..."

Seeing her embarrassed, Berengar laughed and nodded his head as he expressed his thoughts.

"Good... That's good!"

After saying this, Berengar began to depart, it was about lunchtime, and every day he would meet up with Linde at this time to share a meal. It was what you could call their daily date. However, the moment he began to walk away, Honoria started to panic and quickly grabbed ahold of his puffy sleeve, stopping him in his tracks.

After doing so, Berengar looked behind him to see what was obstructing his journey to see Honoria's cheeks flushed as red as can be, her eyes fixed to the ground in front of her as she did so. She was holding onto her chest with her free hand and seemed to have difficulty getting the words out.

After a few moments of Berengar staring at her, Honoria finally managed to work up the courage in her heart and quickly voiced her thoughts.

"Will you have lunch with me?"

Berengar thought about this for a few moments before shrugging his shoulders and agreeing to her request.

"Sure, why not?"

He ate lunch with Linde every day; she would not be too upset if he missed a day, would she? Upon hearing this, Honoria's eyes lighted up in response, filled with excitement; she quickly grabbed ahold of Berengar's hands, her heart fluttering as she did so.

"Do you mean it?"

To this, Berengar was taken aback ever so slightly. However, he did not reveal it on his handsome face, and instead, he patted the girl on the head and nodded his head before responding.

"Of course!"

Honoria nearly passed out from excitement upon hearing this. Nevertheless, she quickly got a hold of herself and explained the date she had planned during the previous night. She had stayed up late thinking about it.

"I thought we could go to one of the sandwich shops in Kufstein, I have never tried such food before, and I felt as if it would be exciting!"

To this, Berengar nodded his head in agreement; it was good to eat a sandwich every once in a while; after all, he dined exclusively on top quality German cuisine while living in the Castle. As such, he responded to her idea positively.

"An excellent idea, I know just the place; if you would follow me, I would be more than happy to escort you."

With that, Berengar offered his arm, where Honoria quickly latched onto it with a happy grin on her face. Afterward, Berengar led her out of the Castle and into the City below. Of course, on the way, he picked up an escort of his guards who closely trailed behind them, watching with careful eyes for any attempt on their sovereign's life.

After entering the City, Berengar led Honoria through the streets until they arrived at the old sandwich shop that Berengar had previously taken Adela to during their first date. The City had grown exponentially since then, and thus Berengar felt great nostalgia looking back on what was merely a year ago a small agricultural town.

As Berengar entered the sandwich shop, he noticed there was an extensive line. Because Berengar frequently visited the shop in the past, it had become quite the popular destination within the town. The owners even purchased ahold of the nearby buildings and rebuilt the shop into a much larger and more delicate destination that employed over a dozen employees.

There was outside dining available for those who desired it, and due to it being the end of summer in the alps, it was the perfect time to do so. Who knew when Berengar would have another chance at such a thing.

As they entered the sandwich shop, the line quickly parted for the Duke and the pretty girl on his arm. The people in line instantly began to comment about the unknown women attached to Berengar.

It was commonly known that the Duke had both Adela and Linde, yet the white-haired beauty latched onto him with a loving smile was an unknown entity for the people of Kufstein. Immediately men began to gaze at the Duke with envy and sigh to themselves. They instantly admitted defeat when comparing themselves to Berengar.

Helga was quite surprised to see Berengar arrive, as he had not been to her shop for some time. It is not as if Berengar did not desire to do so; it is simply a matter of not having the time. If Honoria had not approached him for a date, he would not have likely come to this place any time soon. As such, the woman had a pleasant smile on her face as she greeted the man who was not long ago a Baron's son.

"Your Grace! It is good to see you are doing well! It has been some time; who is this lovely maiden so lovingly attached to your arm?"

Upon hearing that, Honoria could see the gazes of those around her narrowing with curiosity as they too wondered just what kind of girl Berengar had picked up now. The young girl's pale face instantly began to flush as he heard the grown woman speak. In response to this, Berengar smiled as he introduced Honoria by the pseudonym she had given him.

"This is Lady Valeria; she is from the Byzantine Empire and is here in Kufstein for trade. I am simply treating her to some of the local delicacies."

Though Berengar did not introduce her as yet another of his girls, the bystanders refused to believe that Berengar had no intentions of making such a beautiful young maiden a member of his Ducal Harem. After all, he was well renowned as a shameless lecher by the men of Kufstein, on that they all greatly envied.

Helga nodded as she heard this; she too suspected something more serious between the couple, but if Berengar did not want to publicly announce her relationship to the girl, it was far from her position to inquire. Thus she asked a far more appropriate question.

What can I get you, your grace?"

Berengar immediately responded with what he had on his mind; after all, such food was new to Honoria.

"I would like a basket from of Bierocks and two pitchers of fresh milk."

Hearing this, Helga nodded her head and responded with a smile

"Coming right up!"

After doing so, Berengar took a few silver pfennigs from his coin pouch and handed them over to the woman, where she immediately began to decline.

"Your grace, you do not have to pay! It would be rude for me to ask that of you!"

However, Berengar merely laughed at the woman's response and joked about it.

"How do you stay in business?"

To this, the mature woman blushed, and Berengar forced the coins into her hands.

"I can't have you and your employees working for free just because I am the Duke; you deserve to get paid for your services."

With that, he walked away with Honoria by his side, where they sat at the outside dining area while waiting for their food.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 253: Berengar and Honoria II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eventually, the food arrived; it was a tray filled with bierocks and two bottles of fresh milk. The bierock was a Volga-German dish from his past life. In other words, it originated from a group of German immigrants who had moved to Russia during the 18th century with the purpose of farming Russian Land. This occurred during Berengar's past life.

They were allowed to maintain their own culture, and as such, some very unique cuisines originated from the Volga-Germans. Berengar could partially trace his ancestry back to these people and had plenty of their recipes within his brain.

The bierock was a roll stuffed with hamburger meat and cabbage. It may not sound like much, but to Berengar, it was delicious, and it was easy to make. The delicacy had become quite popular as a lunch food within Kufstein and was beginning to spread to the rest of Austria.

After sitting in awkward silence while eating the food for some time, Berengar finally tried to create a conversation with Honoria, and so he asked something simple about her background. Even though she was lying to him, the girl was not very good at it, and he knew anything he inquired about regarding her past would most likely be accurate.

"So, Lady Valeria, tell me about yourself. Do you have any siblings?"

After hearing this, Honoria was snapped out of her daze and caught off guard. She had not thought too deeply about her background and thus opted to be honest; after all, she did not know how to make up a lie on the spot.

"I have three brothers, all of them older than me…."

Berengar nodded his head at this, though she had no way of knowing he was asking simple questions based on what he knew about the Byzantine Royal Family's makeup, and what she had just said acted as another confirmation of his suspicions.

"What is your relationship with your brothers? Do you get along at all?"

Hearing this, Honoria went silent and began to fidget with her hands, not knowing how to respond. She thought about what to say next deeply before responding once more with the truth. After all, she was growing more fond of Berengar by the day, and it was better, to be honest about small stuff like this than make up a completely fabricated background about herself and have to explain her real past later on. Thus she sighed before entertaining Berengar's thoughts.

"I would not say we get along, but we certainly aren't on bad terms either. Growing up, they mainly left me alone, my father was pretty strict since I was his only daughter, and he made it well known to my siblings that I was special. They looked out for me, but honestly, I think deep down they were deeply envious of how pampered I was."

Berengar nodded his head as he listened to her story; by the look on Honoria's face, she did not want to speak of her past anymore at the moment. However, Honoria's following words shifted the conversation out of his favor.

"What about you? Is Henrietta your only sibling?"

Berengar could tell the girl was honest with him, and as such, he decided to do so as well; his fists began to curl as he reflected upon the past; while doing so, he spoke in a grave tone.

"I had a brother…."

After hearing this, Honoria was naturally curious and thus asked the question on her mind.

"Had?"

To this, Berengar sighed heavily before admitting the truth

"He tried to kill me multiple times; you could say he was envious of me, in so far that he wanted what was naturally mine by right. For this, he was disowned and sent to the Teutonic Order."

Honoria could tell there was more to this story and thus asked about this once more.

"And then?"

Berengar's eyes shifted over to Honoria's as he witnessed the inquisitive gaze in her eyes. However, he ultimately decided not to reveal the result of Lambert's death, at least not at the moment, and thus, he calmly replied to her with a determined expression.

"That is a tale for another time…."

Honoria quickly realized that Berengar wanted to shift the conversation. As such, she asked another question about him; after all, her curiosity about the man would not be fulfilled with a single query.

"So I heard from some people around town that all of these magnificent changes that have occurred in Austria over the past year are solely because of you. Where did you get all of these ideas from?"

Berengar smiled and laughed as Honoria commented on this; he decided to mess around with the girl and leaned in class to her before whispering.

"Do you know what reincarnation is?"

Surprisingly to this, Honoria nodded her head.

"One of my brothers once talked to me about it; he heard about it from some merchant from the far east; it is supposedly the idea that when you die you are born into the body of another person, right? What does that have to do with your ideas?"

Berengar nodded his head while he continued to tease the girl.

"Suppose I were to say I was reincarnated, from the distant future, in a world far more advanced from this one. What would you say?"

Surprisingly the girl did not call him crazy or think he was joking; instead, she took it seriously and looked at Berengar with disbelief. She quickly blurted out the thought on her mind.

"Are you serious?"

With this, Berengar knew he had revealed something he shouldn't have. If the girl believed him, that could create some troubles, and as such, he quickly shook his head and denied the reality.

"No, I was just joking, Valeria. You shouldn't take comments like this so seriously."

To this, Honora chuckled awkwardly before responding to Berengar.

"Of course! I knew that!"

After saying so Honoria began to pout; she did not enjoy being made fun of, especially by Berengar. Noticing that she was displeased, Berengar made up some story about how he came to understand these things.

"There's a lot of good information in old books. You'd be surprised what you can find in them. I took their ideas, thought about them for a while, and deduced the things I created. Without those who laid the groundwork before me, I never would have been able to dream up of what I know."

Honoria bought this line immediately; it sounded far more feasible than being reincarnated into the past from the distant future. Seeing that Berengar was supposedly honest with her, she began to lighten up. Berengar, of course, took advantage of this to push the conversation back towards Honoria.

"So now that I have told you something interesting about me, why don't you tell me something interesting about yourself?"

Honoria froze to this; she did not have anything interesting to say about herself, for she genuinely believed that besides being the princess of the Byzantine Empire, there was nothing remotely interesting about her.

As such, her expression suddenly turned downcast, and Berengar began to change the subject.

"So these bierocks are pretty good, aren't they?"

The moment Honoria heard Berengar voluntarily change the subject because of her sadness, she felt touched and put a smile on her face while sniffling back the tear that had formed in her eye.

"Yeah, they're perfect. I can't believe your people eat such delicacies daily."

With the simplicity of the meal and the burgeoning middle class, such food was relatively inexpensive, healthy, and exceptionally filling, especially when paired with a glass of milk. As such, the bierock had become a standard item in the hands of those who could afford it.

Honoria shifted the conversation to another question on her mind as she ate from her meal.

"So I hear you weren't always this amazing. Some people even refer to you as a completely different person than you were two years ago. However, nobody ever elaborates, as if they are afraid to speak about it. So I have to ask, what were you like when you were younger?"

Berengar chuckled lightly at this answer; he was not afraid of his past before his reincarnation, so he answered honestly.

"Honestly? I was a weak, lazy fool who tended to throw a tantrum whenever something didn't go his own way. Though I am not proud of it, I have thrown more than my fair share of chalices at people because they insulted me. I am amazed I lived as long as I did because of how much of a pompous ass I was."

Honoria was shocked when she heard this; compared to the man sitting before her, she simply could not believe Berengar was once such a man. Unable to contain her curiosity, she asked about it.

"If you don't mind me asking, what changed?"

Berengar sighed heavily as he looked away towards the mountains in the distance with a bitter smile on his face. As if he was reminiscing about something serious, after doing so he responded in a grave tone.

"Somebody close to me poisoned me, I survived it, and I suppose you could say being on the brink of death, I realized how much I had wasted my life and desired to turn it around. I am amazed at the man I have become in such a short time..."

Hearing this, Honoria's mouth fell agape; however, she was relatively sharp and quickly pieced two and two together despite being naive. She had an awkward expression on her face as she asked her next question.

"Was the person who poisoned you your brother?"

To this question, Berengar sighed as he stood up from his seat and reached out his hand towards Honoria with a bitter smile.

"It is getting late; I will have to answer that question some other time..."

She noticed that Berengar did not want to talk about such a painful topic any longer; thus Honoria grabbed hold of his hand where he proceeded to lift the princess to her feet. After doing so, the two walked back towards the Castle, gazing at each other with affection as they held onto each other's hands like a loving couple.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 254: Appeasing Two Women I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was off at lunch with Honoria, Linde had been left behind. The beautiful young lover of the Duke was sitting in the middle of the dining hall in her seat gazing at Berengar's empty spot with a downcast expression. Her doll-like face was resting in her dainty hands as she blew out her mouth, trying to lift her bangs with her breath.

She was dreadfully bored and did not know what was taking Berengar so long. For the past few months, Berengar and Linde had synced their lunch schedules so that they could enjoy a meal together every day as a couple. Yet, for whatever reason, the man which her heart yearned for was not present.

There was nothing Linde could do about this, and thus she waited patiently like a loyal dog. After well over an hour, the doors to the Castle opened, and Berengar entered the scene. Though he had no intent to go to the Dining Room, Linde quickly found her way to the entrance.

When she noticed that Berengar was holding hands with another woman other than Adela, she instantly began to frown. She gave Berengar the chilling stare of someone about to commit murder. The moment Bernegar witnessed this perilous gaze, chills were sent down his spine, and he instantly reacted by ripping his hand away from Honoria.

This caused the teenage Princess to pout. No matter what, she could not seem to get one over on Linde. The two young women glared at each other with vicious intent for several moments before Bernegar broke the silence.

"Sweetheart, what are you doing waiting around at this hour? Should you not be at work?"

The moment Linde heard this, her attention snapped from Honoria to Berengar, and she immediately began to pout; in doing so, she turned her head to the side, not even dignifying her lover with a glance. At this moment, Berengar knew that Linde was truly angry with him, and thus he began to apologize.

"I'm sorry, Valeria approached me first and asked me to accompany her; you understand, don't you?"

With this, Linde still did not look in his eye; she was genuinely furious at her lover at this point. Though she was aware Berengar intended to make the girl a concubine or another wife, she honestly did not care.

She was most upset that Berengar was willing to enact Polygamy because this little vixen was quite possibly a princess and not because he loved herself enough to make her a proper bride. Berengar was not wise enough to notice the underlying reason for Linde's fury, and thus Linde did not accept his apology.

Honoria saw this as an opportunity to take Berengar for herself, and she ran up to Berengar and grabbed ahold of his arm, burrowing it deep within her cleavage, in doing so intended to make Berengar aware that she too was well developed.

The sight of this nearly made Linde's eyes pop out, and she instantly began to frown. However, before she could discuss her dissatisfaction, Honoria began to insult her.

"Linde, you are rather unfair to Berengar; all he did was listen to a small request of mine; I mean, it is not like you had lunch plans already. For all you know, we were merely discussing business. There is no reason to be so jealous!"

The moment Linde heard herself be called Jealous, she wanted to grab ahold of Honoria and strangle her; this little brat was taking things too far. However, she managed to contain her fury and instead approached Honoria and questioned her story.

"Were you discussing Business?"

Berengar tried to interrupt, but Linde merely lifted her hand and shooshed him. In response, Honoria put on a pretty smile and spoke the words that she knew targetted Linde's insecurities.

"Of course not! We were discussing our wedding plans!"

Upon hearing this, Linde nearly started swinging. Meanwhile, Honoria stuck out her tongue at the already outraged Linde while Berengar tried to soothe her. By the time he turned his head around, Honoria had begun the act of innocence.

Though Berengar had not seen the act, judging by Linde's sour expression, Honoria had done yet another thing to provoke his lover. As such, he began to become slightly perturbed by the girl's childish behavior and began to raise his voice as he addressed her.

"That's enough, Valeria; you are taking this joke too far!"

Hearing this, Valeria was shocked she had never been scolded before in such a way and felt heartbroken; it was only a small joke, but Berengar had raised his voice, the authoritative voice of a male who had been scorned was not something a sheltered princess-like Honoria had ever witnessed before, and thus she slowly began to break out into tears.

Before the waterworks could fully erupt, she ran off to her room like a spoiled child. When she was finally out of earshot, Linde merely crossed her arms and looked away from Berengar while pouting. While doing so, she muttered under her breath.

"Shouldn't you go check up on her? A spoiled brat like her has probably never had a man raise his voice to her before."

Seeing the way Linde was looking at him broke Berengar's heart, and instead, he grabbed ahold of her hands and gave his command to Linde.

"Look at me!"

Linde was startled, but she refused to break to Berengar's command; when Berengar saw this, he raised his voice to Linde just like he had done to Honoria. While doing so, he yanked her into his embrace and grabbed ahold of her pouting cheeks.

"Linde, I said, look at me!"

Hearing this, Linde's training was triggered, and she obediently looked at Berengar, who had an affectionate smile on his face. Rather than being angry, the gaze in his eyes was filled with love, as such stuffed her head into his chest and gently stroked her silky strawberry-blond hair while whispering in her ear.

"I think I understand why you are angry... You are mad because I said I intend to enact Polygamy to marry her and create an alliance with the Byzantine Empire, aren't you? My silly girl, do you think that I would ever leave you out of such a thing?

Of course, I intend to Marry you first. I have had this idea for quite some time; you deserve a proper wedding and the title of my wife; even if you aren't the Empress of the Empire that I will one day forge, you will still be my wife!"

Hearing this, tears began to stream down Linde's exquisite face; she was significantly wounded when Berengar said he intended to marry Honoria and had failed to mention her fate. For too long, she had desired to be with Berengar more than as just a lover, but due to Berengar's affection towards Adela, she knew she could never fulfill such a place in his life.

When he had stated he might one day enact Polygamy, she was ecstatic but worried at the same time since Berengar did not explicitly state that he would marry her as well; instead, he mentioned Honoria as a potential candidate for a second wife.

Hearing this Berengar express his intent to marry Linde made her happier than anything else Berengar could have stated at this moment. After tugging on Berengar's collar with an embarrassed expression, Linde whispered to him in a voice so low he almost couldn't hear it.

"I love you!"

Before Berengar could respond, she violated his tongue with her own and pressed him against the wall. Berengar was shocked at first but immediately took control of the situation while reversing their positions.

The two began to fondle each other in the middle of the hallway until Linde sighed heavily and pushed Berengar away. This act immensely confused the man. As such, he expressed his doubt towards Linde's actions.

"What is it? Did I do something wrong?"

Linde sighed again before expressing the thoughts on her mind.

"No, it's not that. As much as I want this, I know that little girl is crying up a storm in her room, and I think it would be best that you talk to her before she becomes entrenched in depression. We can always have our fun later tonight."

At this, Berengar began to chuckle lightly, and Linde shot him a glare.

"What is so funny?"

Berengar wiped a small tear from his eye before shaking his head and speaking his mind.

"To think you cared so much about the Princess that you would give up sex so that I can comfort her when she is dejected. It is funny; it is!"

This greatly outraged Linde, and she began to blush once more before pushing Berengar in the direction of Honoria's room.

"If you don't leave now, I really will have you here and now! Go!"

Berengar merely laughed his way down the hall, which made Linde even more furious; once he was out of earshot, Linde sighed once more before a beautiful smile spread across her face.

"Why did I have to fall in love with such a playboy?"

Berengar, on the other hand, walked towards Honoria's quarters and knocked on her door; after a few moments, all he could hear was sobbing, and thus he knocked once more. After doing so a second time, a meek voice could be heard from the other side.

"Come in..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 255: Appeasing Two Women II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Berengar had opened the door, he noticed that Honoria was wiping tears from her eyes while trying to put on a calm facade. She was distraught from the scolding Berengar had given her, and despite this, Berengar did not pity her.

Frankly, he found the girl to be spoiled, and he wondered how on Earth she was raised. Berengar was not the type to tolerate a woman's shit if she stepped over the line, and as such, he had no intention to apologize.

Honoria looked at Berengar from the corner of her eye, refusing to stare directly into his cold gaze. After a while, Berengar sat down next to her on his bed and began to lecture the girl about her behavior, albeit in a much gentler tone.

"You do realize you were out of line back there. I don't know what kind of conflict you have with Linde, but you should not purposely antagonize the girl."

To this, Honoria began to pout without responding. She was greatly displeased that Berengar had come to lecture her instead of apologizing. However, she did not make her thoughts known. Instead, she sulked in silence. Berengar knew full well what she was thinking and elaborated on his thoughts.

"I am not going to apologize to you for raising my voice. From what I understand, you have been pampered and spoiled your entire life, and the fact that you expect me to get on my knees and profess my guilt is a sign that you were poorly raised growing up.

As long as you are under my care, I will properly discipline you when you step out of line, something your father should have done a long time ago."

When Honoria heard this, she began to frown bitterly; her entire life, she had been doted upon by her father, and it was part of the reason why she acted like such an entitled brat. However, Berengar would not tolerate that behavior; if this girl was Princess Honoria, she needed to be molded into a proper young lady.

The fact that Berengar had to become a father figure to this naive, pampered princess was exhausting in its own right, but since her father had utterly failed in that regard, Berengar supposed he could step up to the role.

Eventually, Honoria looked over at Berengar with a sheepish expression, hearing Berengar so boldly declare that he would take care of her bad habits left a favorable impression upon her. The young princess fiddled with her fingers for a few moments before expressing her thoughts.

"I am sorry... You spend so much time with Linde and give her so much attention; seeing her jealous for once made me want to boast."

Berengar immediately responded to this with a stern tone.

"I am not the one you should be apologizing to. What you said to Linde was vile and mean-spirited. You intentionally targetted her insecurities in an attempt to hurt her, and I will not tolerate such behavior. If you continue to act in such a manner, I will have no choice but to send you back to the Empire."

Upon hearing this, Honoria instantly froze, and tears began to fill in her eyes as a pleading expression took hold of her flawless face. The princess latched onto Berengar's hands and began to beg for forgiveness.

"Anything but that! Please, I will do better! Do not send me back home!"

Hearing this, Berengar began to chuckle; the look on the girl's face was priceless, and as such, he flicked her on the forehead before responding.

"Then you better go apologize to Linde and hope she accepts it. Ultimately it is up to her whether or not you are allowed to stay in Kufstein."

Of course, Berengar did not mean such a thing, but Honoria had no way of knowing this. Thus she quickly got up from the bed and ran out of the room, looking for Linde. Leaving Berengar by his lonesome in the quarters the princess was staying in, he began to sigh and express his thoughts.

"I should have stuck with two women; balancing a trio of bitches will be the death of me..."

After saying this, Berengar began to dust himself off as he stood up from his seat and looked towards the entrance that Honoria had run past not long ago. A wry smile appeared on his face as he voiced his thoughts aloud.

"Well, it is too late now, I don't know how she managed to do it, but that little brat has somehow managed to burrow her way into my heart. Hopefully, something good can come from this..."

Berengar moved for the door, where he followed Honoria's steps until he arrived at a scene of the girl prostrating herself before Linde as she apologized for her previous actions. Linde was snickering as she gazed at the princess, lowering herself to a simple concubine.

"I am sorry for my cruel words and childish actions. I promise I will behave myself in the future!"

After listening to Honoria's apology, Linde feigned indifference for some time; this caused a sense of worry to fill Honoria's heart. However, the girl waited with her head bowed until Linde forgave her.

After a few minutes of awkward silence, Linde sighed heavily before resting her forehead in the palm of her hand.

"Fine... I accept your apology. However, if you purposely try to invoke my ire in the future, I will surely have you shipped back to Antioch!"

Honoria felt chills down her spine as she heard this, and as such, she quickly raised herself from her kneeling position and nodded her head. Afterward, she said nothing more. Meanwhile, Linde ignored the young princess and went over to Berengar, wrapping her arms around his back and pressing her mighty bosom against his chest. As she did so, the young beauty whispered in Berengar's ears.

"Why don't we leave this little brat be and go enjoy ourselves?"

A devilish smile appeared on Berengar's face as he grabbed ahold of Linde's plump behind in front of Honoria; this was the punishment that Honoria deserved for her actions; it was now her time to be jealous.

Of course, it did not quite work as Berengar had planned, as the couple's flirtatious actions made Honoria flush with embarrassment and cover her eyes. She was far too young and innocent to be witnessing the intimate display between Berengar and Linde as they violated each other's mouths with their tongues.

After making out for a few moments, Berengar took Linde's hand and led her away towards their bed chambers; as the two left the room, Linde smirked at Honoria and blew her a kiss before departing with her lover.

It would be some time before the two returned from their joint exercise. After doing so, they noticed Honoria sitting in the dining room with a flustered expression. The girl was too embarrassed to move from her seat and was staring off into space.

Seeing how it had been well over an hour, and the girl was still shocked by his lecherous behavior, Berengar decided to play a prank on the girl. Thus he snuck up behind her and whispered in the girl's ear, snapping her out of her daze as he did so.

"Are you perhaps jealous?"

Feeling the warmth of Berengar's breath on her ivory ear, the girl quickly jumped out of her seat and gazed at Berengar like a frightened rabbit in front of a big bad wolf. Seeing the defensive look on her face was outright adorable, and as such, Berengar merely shook his head before responding to the girl.

"I am only joking, Valeria; you do not need to be so terrified. Sit, enjoy some food and wine."

Hearing this, Honoria began to settle her racing heart and sat in her chair while Berengar and Linde sat beside one another at the head of the table. Eventually, Henrietta arrived and sat in her spot as well.

Thus Berengar drank from his skull chalice once more; after taking a sip, he exhaled heavily before peeking over at Honoria, who still seemed to be a bit flushed from the passionate display he had shown her with Linde. Thus he used this opportunity to inform the girl of the upcoming events.

"Valeria, the sailor I have hired to teach you will arrive in Kufstein tomorrow. It would be best to awaken bright and early to receive your training. I do not want my kindness to go to waste."

After hearing this, Honoria's appearance began to return to normal, and she nodded her head slowly and silently. It had taken some time for her to get accustomed to the sight of Berengar and Linde kissing passionately in the open. Despite being inexperienced; she knew enough to understand what Berengar and Linde had gotten up to after leaving her behind.

In a way, she felt defeated by Linde once more. Though she was interested in Berengar, it was not until she saw him locked in another young woman's embrace that she began to understand her feelings for the man.

Inside her heart was a mix of emotions she was trying to work through, and as such, she merely ate her meal in silence while the other three members sitting at the table discussed various topics. She began to ponder the possibility that the reason she was jealous of the attention that Berengar showed Linde was that she had fallen for the man.

After eating her meal, Honoria returned to her room, where she prepared herself for sleep. While waiting for her weariness to overtake her, she had thought long and hard about what complex emotions she had felt throughout the day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 256: Honorias Request
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today was the day that the sailing instructor from Venice had arrived in Kufstein to teach Honoria how to sail. Honoria had awoken bright and early to begin her instruction and had not taken Berengar's kindness for granted.

She was currently learning to sail a Caravel, a simple sailing vessel used by most nations in the Mediterranean. Berengar had already purchased a few of these vessels for teaching his naval draftees how to sail, and as such, he had more than one available for her to train with.

Today was a special day for Honoria; Berengar took the day off from work to observe her progress and see if she was using the time and resources he had given her wisely. To his surprise, she was already partially knowledgeable in the art of sailing.

Even though her instructor was not pleased with teaching a woman how to sail, he never complained; after all, he was being paid an absurd amount of money to teach this young maiden to sail. Instead, he did his best to equip Honoria with the knowledge necessary to do such a thing as such.

Berengar stood next to Heraclius, who was perched on a post next to him, as the two of them observed Honoria's actions. The pretty smile on her face was one of genuine happiness as she began to rig the sails as instructed.

Seeing this, Berengar and Heraclius both looked at each other before gazing back upon Honoria. The moment their eyes made contact, there was a slight nod of their heads, as if they were thinking the same thing. Which was

'this girl is too precious.'

After sailing down the Danube for a bit and back to Kufstein, Berengar, Honoria, and Heraclius departed the vessel where Berengar handed the instructor a sack filled with silver coins before thanking the man.

"Thank you for this, I know about your reservations, but you have helped me a lot."

The man quickly snatched the pouch from Berengar's hands, where he began to count the coins to ensure the proper amount that was agreed to was still there. After doing so, he spat in the river before addressing Berengar's statement.

"I don't like it; a pretty young thing from her should not be sailing; she should be at home making babies. However, you are the Duke of Austria, and if this is what you like to do with your playthings, far be it from me to complain…."

Hearing this, Berengar merely scoffed; he could not care less what this sailor thought of him. He was simply a means to an end. After confirming the payment, the sailor departed to the City of Kufstein for the day. Like every night, he would spend the silver he gained from Berengar on wine and wenches.

As for Berengar, he escorted Honoria back to the Castle as he began to ask her about her day.

"I see you are not wasting my charity; that is good. Tell me, now that you have some experience sailing, how do you feel about it?"

Honoria thought about Berengar's questions for a few moments before responding with a bitter smile.

"I enjoy it. However, something feels off. It is not like when I was sailing with Agnellus…."

Berengar thought about this for a few moments as he began to address her concerns.

"I can think of two potential reasons for that. First, you have feelings for Agnellus, and you were more interested in spending time with Agnellus than you were sailing."

Hearing this, Honoria began to laugh at Berengar's speculation before teasing him.

"Why, Duke Berengar, are you perhaps jealous of my relationship with Agnellus?"

To this, Berengar scoffed before replying

"You greatly overestimate your importance."

When Honoria heard this, she instantly pouted, and the two walked in awkward silence for a while. After they had walked for a few minutes, she asked Berengar about the second possibility he had mentioned.

"What was your second idea?"

Berengar seemed to be knowledgeable and worldly. As such, Honoria highly valued his opinion. After hearing the princess's question, Berengar scratched his chin for a few moments before saying the second thought he had on her reasoning for not enjoying sailing as much as she used to.

"The second reason could be that the thing you loved most about sailing was the freedom you experienced, and because I have you in a controlled setting as you learn how to sail, you feel as if that liberty you once felt is missing."

The moment Berengar said this, Honoria's eyes flashed, and she looked at Berengar with a complicated expression; after doing so, she smiled bitterly and revealed some of her past to Berengar, completely forgetting her cover story as she did so.

"You are right… Growing up, I was never allowed to leave the Palace. My father was strict and overprotective and did not even allow me to associate with other nobles my age. Though he doted on me for the most part, the reality is that the only company I had was my siblings, and they all treated me like a doll in a glasshouse.

I used to gaze down from my window into the harbor every night as the sun began to set, imagining what life would be like if I were just to run away and hop on a ship sailing to parts unknown—going on a grand adventure, discovering new lands, and meeting new people!

When my father tried to marry me off to the various princes, I was too shy to talk with them. Of course, I was too proud to admit that and merely told myself that they were too lazy, skinny, fat, ugly, unambitious, drunk, or any other excuse I could think of to justify in my mind that I was too good for them. As such, I rejected every suitor ever brought to me, resulting in me being betrothed to the worst of them all…."

Hearing the girl's story, Berengar was fully convinced that she was Princess Honoria, as her background was the same as what he knew about the princess from the Eastern Empire; not only that, but she had used a term like Palace to describe her family home instead of Villa which was an obvious indicator of her real identity.

However, Berengar did not spoil the moment and merely decided to pet the girl on the head and comfort her. This caused Honoria to look up at Berengar in shock, where she saw his charming smile before he said the words.

"I am sorry you had to go through that; it must have been terrible… I too know what it is like to live a life of loneliness, without a single friend to call my own."

Berengar was genuine when he said this; in his past life, he had spent most of it alone, both of his parents worked all day, and he was forced to endure a life of solitude in an empty house. When he was at school, he was always reading some books, thus causing the other kids to ignore him often.

From the day he was born until he died, he did not have a true friend, merely a string of acquaintances that came and went from his life as time passed. At one point, he, too, had put on a confident fa?ade.

In doing so, he convinced himself that he was better than everyone else and that no woman was good enough for him. Because of this, he could partially understand Honoria's feelings about her lonely past, as he experienced a similar childhood.

Hearing Berengar expresses his sympathy as a kindred soul; a tear began to form in Honoria's eye, which Berengar quickly wiped away with his finger and grabbed ahold of the girl forcing her into his embrace as he stroked her silky white hair while speaking words of comfort.

"Don't cry; you have something that I never had!"

Honoria began to sniffle as she looked up at Berengar's gleaming sapphire eyes with curiosity in her minty orbs before asking Berengar what he meant.

"What's that?"

Berengar then glanced up at Heraclius, who was flying in the sky above, watching over his master like a guardian angel. While doing so, Berengar spoke his words.

"You have a loyal companion in Heraclius; at the very least, that gives you an advantage I never had…."

Hearing this, Honoria began to break out in laughter; it was true; she was incredibly blessed to have such an intelligent and caring pet. The more she laughed, the more her sorrow in her heart began to fade until finally there was silence.

After two stopped outside the Castle's gates, Honoria looked back at Berengar with a gentle smile on her face before making a request of him.

"Promise me something, will you?"

Upon hearing this, Berengar merely smiled and nodded his head before responding, not expecting it to be anything serious.

"Sure, what is it?"

After getting Berengar's assurance, Honoria spoke her conscience

"When you next find yourself troubled by your lonesome past, seek me out, and talk to me about it. In return, I promise to tell you everything there is to know about me."

Berengar was stunned about this; however, before he could respond to Honoria's request, she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the cheek. As she did so, her cheeks began to flush as she boldly announced her feelings.

"I think I am starting to fall for you."

With that, Honoria ran off into the Castle, too embarrassed to face Berengar any longer. Berengar merely stood in the doorway to his Castle while stunned, utterly unaware that Linde had seen the entire display from the tower above the courtyard with a frown on her face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 257: Legal Reforms
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After getting a good night's sleep, Berengar awoke the next day, and after having his morning tea, he immediately thrust himself into his work. For starters, he had begun to refine the legal system of the Duchy of Austria. Berengar was of the mindset that crime could not be tolerated, whether from the perspective of the law or within a community.

To Berengar, the level of crime that existed within a community was whatever the people within it were willing to tolerate. He planned to expand legal reforms and included propaganda to inspire communities to report crimes to their nearest official.

As such, he was in the process of designing comprehensive legal reforms. Though crime in itself was rare in Tyrol and especially within the city of Kufstein, it had begun to become widespread throughout much of Austria, and not just minor offenses either.

The devastation caused in the wake of the Bavarian Occupation resulted in thousands of peasants fleeing to the cities' sanctuary. In their desperation, these peasants turned to crime to survive, which in turn lead to the creations of Criminal Syndicates that had begun to pop up across the more impoverished regions of Austria.

Because of this, Berengar had started his legal reforms with strict countermeasures to Organized Crime. Any person convicted of a crime who was determined to be associated with a Criminal Syndicate recognized by the Department of Intelligence's Internal Service was to be sentenced to death by firing squad.

The Criminal Syndicates were still in their infancy. Thus they had yet to entrench themselves in the critical sectors of society. Berengar fully intended to route them out and destroy them from the roots to the stem. He refused to allow businesses and politics to tie themselves to criminal syndicates like in his previous life.

Thus even if someone committed a non-violent misdemeanor like fraud or theft, so long as they had ties to any known Criminal Syndicate, they would be sentenced to death. It was cruel, but Berengar had seen the rise of Narco States in his past life and desired to end such a possibility before it had a chance to become a reality.

Gangsters were the first among the people who would be sentenced to death under this new system; other heinous crimes such as Murder, Kidnapping, and Rape were also deemed worthy of such a punishment.

As for Child Molesters, Berengar had a special hell intentionally designed for them; they would be castrated and then sentenced to indentured servitude. They would engage in hard labor for the remainder of their miserable existence. If they dropped dead from over-exhaustion, Berengar did not care; that was just one less mouth to feed.

To make his stance clear, a strict federal age of consent was applied at the age of 16; any adult caught having sexual relations with a minor would be tried as a child molester, and if convicted, sentenced to the punishment mentioned above.

Every other violent crime had a sentence varying from 3 years to life in prison, depending on the severity of the crime. Berengar intended to construct labor camps to act as the prisons in his society.

The convicted criminals would pay off their debt to society with physical labor, usually in the form of dangerous jobs that provided significant risks to the civilian population or monumental projects like canals and road building.

There was a three-strike rule in place for this system when it came to felonies of all kinds. If convicted three times of a felony, they would be sentenced to death, just like the gangsters, murderers, kidnappers, and rapists.

In this court system, if one were sentenced to death, they would be allowed a single appeal to the courts. In doing so, the crime would be re-investigated, and if the criminal were found innocent of the crime, they would be released from their sentence.

However, if determined guilty after a single appeal, they would immediately be executed by firing squad. Berengar had seen taxpayers' money wasted on keeping criminals who were clearly guilty but awaiting their seventh appeal alive during his past life.

To him, a second chance at a trial was fair enough; after that, if they were still determined to be guilty, there was no point keeping such monsters alive; it was an absolute waste of resources. For Berengar, mismanagement of the finite resources on this Earth was a grave sin, and he had no desire to provide food and water to a criminal while it could be given to a starving child instead.

As for non-violent crime, it would entirely depend on the crime that had been committed. For example, if one were to be convicted of theft, they would lose the hand they used to steal the item. Others included imprisonment for a limited duration, assuming they survived the backbreaking work given to prisoners. They would either fear going back to such a hell or become a repeat offender, thus adding to their three strikes.

Anyone convicted of a felony was illegible to vote in the future. As such, they were also losing their say in how society was run, assuming they met the qualifications to be a member of the electorate in the first place.

Though the system was harsh, it also had its fair points. For example, it was based on the American principle of "Innocent until proven guilty," and the burden of proving guilt fell upon the prosecutor. The determination of guilt was left up to a jury of the suspect's peers.

Berengar also declared the need for public defenders and the need to pay these public defenders well so that it is considered a desirable position by talented lawyers. Like all of the other reforms Berengar had begun to make, a date as set for transition, which was twenty-five years, this date could be renewed if there were not enough Lawyers that existed to fulfill the needs of the criminal justice system.

The law enforcement system would be partially based on the United States of America from Berengar's previous life. Small towns and villages would fall under the jurisdiction of Sheriffs that were local to their community. There would also be State, and Federal agencies, including a dedicated department of border guards. Ensuring the migration of people into Austria was through a legal and safe manner.

As for cities and larger towns would have dedicated police departments comprised of volunteers; these had to be Austrian citizens who did not possess a criminal background. They were authorized to use lethal force in self-defense and in scenarios where a perpetrator was fleeing the scene of their crime.

Torturing criminals for a confession, or intelligence was outlawed, so long as they were Austrian citizens. While advanced interrogation methods were legal to be used on foreign agents, and criminals, the more barbaric practices were outlawed altogether.

To outfit these upstanding men of the law, Berengar would supply them with breastplates, gorgets, burgonets, and revolving flintlock pistols; these pistols were rifled for greater accuracy and fired a smaller caliber variant of the mine ball for more significant effect.

They also had a rifled flintlock cavalry carbine; this carbine could have a bayonet affixed if necessary. These officers would be trained in the skills needed to fulfill their duties to the best of their ability, including horseback riding.

Unlike the Grand Army of Austria that wore black and gold Landsknecht attire beneath their armor, these police officers wore blue and black Landsknecht attire beneath their blackened steel cuirasses. NCOs and Officers armor was trimmed with a mirror polish that slightly resembled silver.

The reason for this was twofold; firstly, it was to protect the officers from potentially violent criminals. More importantly, it was established so that it was easy to distinguish law enforcement from military officials.

Until now, Berengar's cities were garrisoned by military personnel who also acted as law enforcement agents. Because of this, there was a feeling of oppression in the air of many of the regions whose lords had previously rebelled against his rule. By establishing dedicated police forces from among the locals, he attempted to appease the masses by allowing them to be policed by their own people.

Berengar had worked the budget around to fund all of this, and due to his business that would soon start production, Berengar knew he could easily afford it. He had to stamp out the new wave of crime as quickly and efficiently as possible; until such law enforcement agencies could be drafted, the garrisons would have to fulfill their duties according to the new laws.

Berengar did not need prisons, but labor? One could never have too much of that as such dedicated prisons like those that existed in his past life would practically be nonexistent in his State. However, detention centers for those awaiting trial would be constructed shortly.

Compared to the medieval ideas of justice, this system was the fairest and most righteous treatment of suspects and criminals that anyone had ever imagined. Though many from Berengar's past life would label it as cruel and inhumane, it was a significant step forward in progress.

Besides, those people did not exist in this world. As for those from the future of this timeline hopefully, they would one day look back, and be intelligent enough to realize that everything Berengar did was to modernize the medieval German world. Sometimes harsh methods were necessary to do so.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 258: Venetian Response
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks had passed since Berengar had begun production on the first glass factory, and at the moment, it was partially functional. Using Agnellus' trade connections, Berengar had started selling the new crystal glass in limited quantities to the wealthy noblemen of the Byzantine Empire.

His plan was simple, create a demand for his luxurious glass products and then increase production at a rate capable of overtaking Venetian business. The crystal glass had become extensively popular in the east after the first batch was sold at a high price.

As Berengar eyed the Republic of Venice's glass monopoly, they too had begun to observe his actions, especially regarding the shipyards being constructed in the region known as Istria. The construction of three large shipyards far larger than the ones which Venice owned was of great concern to the Venetians.

In response to this, the Venetian Doge sat in his office surrounded by members of his Admiralty. These Admirals were the greatest of his Naval Commanders, and they had gathered to discuss the potential rise of a Grand Austrian Navy and the threat such a thing posed to Venice.

One of the Admirals stepped forward and immediately presented a sizeable transparent glass bowl. This absurdly clear glass was shocking to the president, and he gazed upon it with wonder as he pondered where such a marvel had come from.

The Doge was a position similar to that of President from the United States of America in Berengar's previous life; he was the de facto head of State for the Venetian Republic, which was a vassal state in this timeline of the Kingdom of Italy.

With the unification of Italy in this timeline and their current Monarch being the Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire, the Venetian Republic and the Genoans were allowed certain autonomy in regards to how their local governments functioned. If anything, they were closer to protectorates than they were to Vassals.

The Venetian Doge was shocked when he saw such high-quality, transparent glass and began to question his eyes.

"Is this glass? Who created such a masterpiece?"

Without hesitation, the Admiral responded to the Doge's statement with a frown on his face.

"That would be the Austrians…."

While the Doge initially smiled, his face immediately turned sour when he heard this news. This immaculate crystal glass was a threat to Venetian dominance of the market, and as such he had to make sure his ears were not lying to him.

"Are you telling me that bastard Berengar has created such pristine glassware? Does he seek to seize our monopoly on the glass trade?"

The Admirals looked at each other silently before the head Admiral placed a document on the Doge's desk with a grim look in his eye before summarizing its contents.

"That is not all; there are reports that he is building three shipyards, far more significant than our own. We can't even fathom what kind of monstrous vessels he seeks to create within them, but needless to say, it does not bode well for us.

If Berengar seeks to challenge not only our monopoly on the glass trade but also our authority on the sea, then we can not simply stand by and allow him to build a Navy capable of competing with us! Something must be done!"

After hearing the Head Admiral's concerns, the Doge nodded his head. However, he was not as concerned as the admirals, for how could Berengar challenge their might?

They had hundreds of naval vessels; some of them were even armed with bronze cannons; it would take years for Berengar to build a navy capable of challenging the Venetian Republic, or so he believed. As such, he was much calmer than the men gathered in his room.

"I understand your concerns. However, we can't just take action against the Austrians, our Navy might be superior to theirs, but their Army could easily invade our lands and cause us serious trouble. We should wait and observe.

At least until we know what kinds of ships Berengar is manufacturing, there is no way he will be able to compete with us, it will take him years to build enough ships to challenge our authority. Even if he were to somehow use the methods we have achieved to rapidly produce vessels. It is not something to be worried about, we can always declare war on him and sink his ships before he can produce enough to be a threat.

For now, we should focus on building our Army and strengthening our ties with the Emperor; if all of Italy unites behind us, there is no way for Berengar to defeat us in a war. For now, we should bribe pirates to seize the glass he seeks to sell across the Mediterranean."

Hearing this, the Naval officers gathered had awkward expressions on their faces, which spurred the Doge to question their glances.

"What is it? Is there something I am missing?"

One of the Admirals who was standing at attention immediately presented his report.

"It would appear that Berengar is currently trading what little glassware he has produced so far to the Byzantines, using their merchant's vessels. If it were revealed that we were sponsoring pirates to rob Byzantine ships, it could ignite a conflict with the Empire to the east!"

When the Doge of Venice heard this, his expression sank. Even if it was a slight possibility, they could not risk a war with the Byzantines; after all, that was one of their most significant trading partners. As such, he was left at a loss in how to handle the scenario he was facing.

This crystal glass was infinitely superior to the quality of glass they produced in Venice and could quite easily put them out of the glass business, which was one of their biggest trades. The blow to their economy that such a thing could cause would be disastrous.

Berengar had risen to power too quickly for anyone to predict what he was fully capable of accurately. It seemed like every time the man's name was mentioned, he had either achieved another overwhelming victory in warfare or invented something new that was worth a fortune.

To many observers, the rise of Austria as the preeminent German State was a certainty, however, if they were allowed to possess a powerful Navy and Merchant fleet on top of their overwhelming Army. Then they were destined to rise to a status that could rival the greatest Kingdoms and Empires within Europe and the Mediterranean; such a thing could not be allowed, especially since Austria had become the heart of the German Reformation.

As such, the Doge of Venice came up with only one solution to halt the progress of Austria.

"Contact the Pope, and offer him our unlimited support in his upcoming crusade against the Berengar Heresy. Berengar von Kufstein must die!"

Since infiltrating Kufstein and assassinating Berengar was not an option due to Berengar's effective counter-espionage network, the only solution was to throw the weight of the Catholic world against him and pray that he fell.

As such, the Admiralty saluted as they announced their support for the Venetian Doge's decision.

"Yes, your Eminence!"

With this, all Admirals except for one, the Head Admiral, had left the building and begun to prepare for the upcoming conflict. The Admiral who remained looked at the Doge with a grim expression on his face before asking the question on his mind.

"I hear he has cannons capable of launching explosive projectiles. Do you think he will mount such fearsome weapons on his vessels?"

In response to this the Doge was silent, the confident facade he had shown the other Admirals instantly crumbled. As such he reached for a glass out of his cabinet and began to pour the wine.

This glass had a deep blue color and was not exactly the most transparent material. After pouring wine into the blue glass, the man handed it to his Admiral before pouring another drink into the crystal glass Berengar had created.

After carefully observing the merlot liquid within the container, the Doge began to frown. He could quite easily see the deep red color of his wine, and this infuriated the man. After seething in rage for a few moments, the Doge finally answered the Admiral's question.

"Without a doubt, I have no idea what kind of effect such mighty weapons will have on our ships, but it most certainly will be disastrous. Even if he manages to create a few dozen vessels armed with those weapons, it could cause us some trouble.

Thus in response to this threat, I want our Armada expanded. I want a total of 1,000 naval vessels, each armed with a minimum of four guns created within the next five years! I don't care how you have to do it; just make it happen!"

To this, the Admiral sighed, at the moment the Venetian Navy had between 300 and 400 ships. If they were to gain a total of 1,000 in five years, they would have to produce over 600 ships in that time. It was simply outrageous, yet he would try his best. As such, he responded by saluting the Doge.

"Yes, your eminence!"

After doing so, the Doge merely sneered before uttering his next word.

"Dismissed!"

Afterward, the Admiral left the office of the Doge, where the man was left to his lonesome. He quickly downed the contents of his glass before swiping it off his desk in a fit of rage, shattering the perfect piece into thousands of tiny shards.

After doing so, the Doge began to curse in the air.

"Make no mistake Duke Berengar von Kufstein; I will make you regret sticking your nose in my business!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 259: Fourteenth Birthday I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks had passed, and finally, Adela's birthday was nearing the corner as such Berengar had already left the Castle in Kufstein. Much to his surprise, Linde was invited to come with him; he supposed his two women were beginning to get along, which was a good sign.

He had no idea that the reason for this was because the two women had conspired behind his back to meet up and convince him together to end his newly formed relationship with Honoria. As such, he was in a good mood as he sat in his carriage, which drew him closer to Graz, with his arm wrapped around his lover, holding her tightly.

Linde was frowning heavily at the moment; despite the affection Berengar was showing her, there was an unwanted person in this carriage, and it was not Henrietta. Though the little girl was also present, the person who had so thoroughly ruined the mood was none other than Honoria.

To be Frank, Berengar did not trust the girl by her lonesome; she was a spoiled, entitled brat, and though he was beginning to take measures to correct this behavior, he had ultimately decided to take her with him to Adela's birthday, rather than allow her to cause trouble in Kufstein while he was absent.

Even though Honoria had apologized for her rude behavior, Linde was still unhappy with the girl's presence. Though she was aware that Berengar's intentions for the girl mainly were political at this point, she was still worried that Berengar might fall for the young, naive princess.

Thus there was an awkward silence in the carriage as Berengar, and his companions waited to arrive in Graz. After most of the day had passed, the caravan finally arrived in Graz, and they were not the only visitors.

Count Otto held an esteemed position in Berengar's government; he was on the Duke's Council and, as Count, was the de facto governor of Steiermark. This was thanks to his daughter, Adela, who was Berengar's fiancee. However, Otto had made a name for himself in Berengar's campaign against the Bavarian occupation and, as such, was held in high esteem by the other Counts.

As Berengar and his carriage entered the Castle's courtyard, they were greeted by Count Otto and his family. Berengar was the first to step out of the carriage, followed by Linde, then Henrietta, and finally Honoria.

Adela needed one glance to tell that this beautiful young girl was her competition and highly likely to be Princess Honoria. Ava, who was well aware of Adela's grievance, had a wide smirk on her face; she could tell instantly that the girl harbored feelings for Berengar by the way she glanced at him.

Count Otto also noticed this and felt slighted; Berengar had not just brought his lover but another young woman to his fiancee's birthday celebration. Regardless of this, Bernegar approached the Count and greeted him.

"Uncle! It is good to see that you are still in such good health."

Count Otto merely nodded, his gaze never shifting from Honoria's presence. Henrietta, on the other hand, sheepishly greeted her uncle.

"Uncle..."

The little girl hid behind Berengar as she said this; she was shy by nature, and though she had begun to make friends, often at the expense of her brother's reputation. She was still nervous around unfamiliar people; after all, Count Otto was seldom a part of her life.? Finally, Count Otto could not contain his curiosity and asked the question on his mind.

"Who might this beautiful young woman be?"

To this, Berengar glanced over at Honoria before returning his gaze to his uncle. He smiled while answering his question.

"This is Lady Valeria; she is from the Byzantine Empire and is a guest at my court for the time being. I did not trust her to behave herself by her lonesome in Kufstein, so I brought her along with me."

This was the truth of the matter, but for some reason, Count Otto expected there to be more to their relationship than this. As for Honoria, she pouted when she heard this; she was not necessarily a troublemaker, aside from getting on Linde's nerves for the fun of it.

However, after being threatened with removal from Berengar's court, she had halted such actions in fear that Berengar would go through with his threat and ship her back to the Byzantine Empire. As such, she had been behaving herself for the last few days. Honoria greeted Count Otto by bowing respectfully.

"I thank you for your hospitality, Count Otto."

To this, Otto merely nodded before shifting his attention back to Berengar

"Welcome to my home, your Grace; I trust that my daughter's birthday celebration will be to your liking!"

Berengar nodded when he heard this and followed Count Otto and his family inside. While doing so, he approached his little fiancee and grabbed ahold of her hand. However, to this, she merely ripped it away from his grasp and pouted.

She was already displeased that Berengar had taken a liking to yet another girl, yet he had the gall to bring her to her birthday celebration? To this, Adela felt insulted. Seeing that his fiancee was upset, Berengar sighed heavily before expressing the thoughts on his mind.

"You look beautiful, Adela; it has been some time since we last met. Did you miss me?"

Adela pouted in silence, not bothering to speak with Berengar. After seeing both Linde and Honoria clinging onto her fiance, Adela had grown quite self-conscious. Not only in regards to her position in Berengar's life but also in terms of her appearance.

Though she was still growing, she felt as if her charm did not match that of an exotic princess from the East like Honoria, nor did it match the sex appeal of a buxom beauty like Linde. As such, she simply sulked for the time being.

Eventually, Berengar was led to his quarters, where Linde was separated and given her room. It would be disrespectful to Count Otto and his daughter for Berengar to have carnal relations with his lover while under their roof.

After a while, Linde regrouped with Adela and hugged the girl before stuffing her into her bust, nearly suffocating the girl in the process as she stroked Adela's golden hair.

"Oh sweet little Adela, I understand how you feel; if you need to cry, let it all out. I am here for you!"

An unlikely alliance had formed between Linde and Adela, who were usually at each other's throats. For the time being, they were united against Honoria in this awkward trio that had been formed around the man they loved.

As women, they naturally needed comfort when they were upset. Thus they provided it for one another. Adela began to break down in tears as she tried to break free of Linde's large bust and sobbed heavily while expressing her thoughts.

"I didn't expect him to bring the girl here! I am so envious!"

To this, Linde sighed as she tried to comfort Adela

"Berengar doesn't love the girl, at least not yet. He sees her as a political tool to be used against those he deems his enemies. For whatever reason, he is confident he will be fighting France in the future and wants to do everything in his power to break the alliance between them and the Byzantine Empire.

Besides, now more than ever, he needs a powerful ally, and as such, he will likely enact Polygamy to marry the three of us. Despite this, he wants to make you Empress, so that should show you how much he cares for you and your position as first among his future wives!"

Upon hearing this Adela began to wipe the tears from her eyes as she slowly sniffled. After she had calmed herself down, she questioned the legitimacy of what Linde had just said.

"Really?"

Adela did not know how to feel about this, her worries about her spot as the wife being taken had become realized, in the sense that Berengar intended to become a Polygamous Monarch, but she still held the position of his Empress, and first wife, which meant that Berengar still had feelings for her.

Linde nodded her head and smiled as she stroked Adela's hair. To this, Adela replied with a bitter smile as she came to a sudden realization.

"There's no convincing him otherwise, is there?"

Upon hearing this, Linde's smile also turned bitter as she shook her head. Though the two had initially conspired to bring an end to Berengar's budding relationship with Honoria, Linde had realized during the time since then that Berengar would not be dissuaded because he knew that neither Linde nor Adela were willing to leave him over such an issue.

Thus, instead of convincing Berengar otherwise, Linde decided to convince Adela that it was simply not worth the effort and that Berengar still considered her first among his women. After all, Linde had gotten what she wanted in all of this, she would one day be an official wife of Berengar, and that was enough for her.

Seeing the look on Linde's face, Adela sighed before she broke away from Linde's grasp and expressed her acceptance of the predicament she found herself in.

"Fine... I accept it, but that does not mean I will not fight for his affection!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 260: Fourteenth Birthday II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Linde and Adela were comforting each other, Berengar was preparing for the upcoming celebration. The gift he had gotten Adela was a white Arabian Stallion, it was quite costly to obtain, but it was well worth the price.

While he was making sure the gift was ready for its new master, Honoria played with Heraclius, who she had brought along for the journey. The mighty eagle flew outside the courtyard where Honoria played about, waiting for the celebration to begin.

As such, the day passed before the guests had fully gathered, and night had begun to descend upon the city of Graz. As it did so, the various nobles of Austria gathered for the birthday celebration of the future Duchess of Austria.

Berengar was flanked on all sides by three beautiful women as he stood at the center of attention. Adela was latched onto Berengar's right arm, while Linde was clutching the left in between her mighty bosom. Honoria was behind him slung around his shoulder. The three girls were greatly intoxicated by the drinks provided at the party, and as such, they openly fought for Berengar's attention.

Though many of the men envied Berengar for the love of three beautiful young women, he was having a hard time maintaining his composure. The three girls began to fight among themselves over his affection the moment the alcohol had entered their bloodstream, thus he was trying his best not to chastise them for their unruly behavior.

Adela put on doll-like expressions as she began to rest her head onto Berengar's chest. Her face was flushed red from the wine she had drunk, and she began to speak slowly.

"Berengar... I can't wait for our wedding!"

To this, Berengar petted the girl's silky golden hair before nodding his head silently. He felt like if any words escaped his lips, he would not maintain the calm facade he had created. These three girls were clinging to him like cats to catnip, and he was not even able to drink away his discomfort.

Count Otto merely laughed as he drank with his wife Wanda; though he was initially unsure about Berengar's little harem, he now felt great joy watching the young Duke's displeasure; it was undeniable that he was not happy with it the way the girls were behaving.

As such, Otto merely sighed before addressing the curious sight.

"Well, all I can say is his grace brought this upon himself. He should not have been so greedy!"

To this, Wanda smiled; seeing her husband in such a good mood about the awkward scenario displaying itself was a good sign. It was so uncomfortable that none of the nearby nobles approached Berengar or the girls and maintained their distance while commenting among themselves.

Linde forced Berengar's hands onto her breasts as she boldly displayed her feelings. When she was intoxicated, it was common for her to forget her manners and act on impulse.

"Darling, I missed you in bed last night. Maybe tonight we can have some fun?"

Berengar immediately withdrew his hand and looked away; when he did so, he noticed that Adela was pouting, like usual, the girl could not handle Linde's suggestive comments. One could tell by looking at her that she was incredibly envious.

Of course, what came next shocked Berengar, he felt a slight nibble on his neck, and when he went to address it, he noticed that Honoria had sunk her teeth into him ever so slightly out of jealousy. Even though it was harmless, Berengar would not tolerate such violent action, and as such, he quickly shoved Honoria off of him and flicked her on the nose.

"Behave yourself, missy, or I swear to God I will drag you back to Kufstein myself and put you on the first boat back to the Empire!"

Seeing Honoria scolded so fiercely, the other two girls began to laugh at her misfortune, and Berengar felt degraded. Though he was not the slightest bit embarrassed, he had since grown used to such large social gatherings and was accustomed to the way people stared at him.

Honoria, of course, began to pout, and her adorable face as she did so caused many young men in the audience to clench their fists with envy. The three most beautiful women in the room were all clinging to one man, openly displaying their affection for him.

It was enough to drive any sane man insane, yet Berengar calmly reacted to this before deciding he had enough of the girls and their actions. Thus he clanged his glass before making an announcement.

"I have an announcement to make, though I wanted this to be later in the night; I figured now is as good enough time as any. I will show off the splendid gift that I have gotten my future wife for her fourteenth birthday."

After saying this, the servants left the room before shortly returning while leading a solid white Arabian stallion by the reigns. Its saddle was made of the finest black leather and the blanket of the finest silk. The metallic components were made of gold, and it contrasted with the white fur of the mighty beast perfectly.

Upon seeing this, Adela nearly lost control of the crystal glass in her hand provided by Berengar. However, she maintained a firm grip and merely covered her gaping mouth with her free hand.

After doing so, she ran up to the horse and began to pet it while staring deep into its dark eyes. The moment the rider and horse met their eyes together, they knew that fate had bound them together. As such, Adela hugged the horse before deciding on a name for it.

"I will call you Siegfried! After the dragon slayer!"

Hearing this, Berengar smiled; Adela seemed to have a similar naming convention to him. After playing around with the horse for a while, Adela jumped into Berengar's arms and pecked him on the lips as a token of her gratitude.

"Thank you, Berengar; I love him!"

Berengar merely took a drink from the glass of wine he had procured while Adela was playing with her horse and smiled before making a joke.

"Hopefully not as much as me, right?"

In response to this, Adela merely smiled and stayed in silence. Afterward, the horse was led out of the Great Hall and back to its stables, where it would be resting from then on. Berengar, on the other hand, began to chat with Linde while the rest of the gifts were brought in.

Adela revealed their contents like a kid on Christmas and thanked everyone for their support. However, nothing triumphed the mighty stallion from the east that Berengar had procured for his little fiancee.

After Adela had opened her presents, she found a way to sneak off with Berengar to the balcony, where the two began to talk alone. Berengar sighed heavily as he drank from his glass, waiting for Adela to ask the question on her mind.

After a few more sips of wine, Adela finally managed to get the courage to ask her future husband about her concerns.

"Do you love her?"

To this, Berengar made a snide remark

"Which one?"

Adela began to pout once more as Berengar was being purposely obtuse. She did not want to ask the question outright. Nevertheless, Berengar forced her to say it.

"Honoria!"

When Berengar heard this, he nearly spat out his drink. However, he managed to choke it down and regained his composure before responding to Adela.

"Linde told you, did she?"

It only took Berengar a moment to figure out that Linde was responsible for Adela knowing the truth behind Honoria's identity. As such, he placed down his glass and looked off into the full moon in the sky above before answering honestly.

"At the moment, no, at least not to any severe extent. I will admit that I find her attractive, and sometimes she can be charming. That is when she isn't acting like a spoiled brat. What is important is that she has already begun to fall for me.

I have no intentions to rush a relationship with our little runaway princess. I will take things slow and build a relationship with her step by step. After all, she has a part to play in my grand ambitions.

Whether she finds her way into my heart as anything more than a passing fancy is up to her efforts to improve herself. Regardless of how I feel about her, that does not change what I have to do. An alliance with the Empire is too valuable to give up over personal feelings or a lack of them."

While she was hearing this Adela sighed before grabbing ahold of Berengar's hand and holding onto it firmly. After doing so, she looked him in the eyes with a solemn gaze before announcing the words she had in her heart.

"Even if you become a Polygamous Scoundrel, I will support you until the end. Just promise me that I will be your first wife and that you will never leave me!"

Seeing the sincere gaze that Adela was giving him, Berengar grabbed ahold of her and dragged the girl into his embrace before wiping a tear from her eyes. As he did so, he whispered in Adela's little ear.

"I swear on my life that I will never leave you!"

With that said, Berengar kissed the girl on the lips before releasing his hold over her. After doing so, he lifted his glass of wine and drank its remaining contents. The remainder of the night was spent in celebration, and Berengar would depart for his territory within the next day after all the work of a Duke was never finished.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 261: The War in Bohemia Begins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Three months had passed since Adela's fourteenth birthday, while Berengar was within Kufstein overseeing the reconstruction of Austria after the devastation wrought upon it by Bavarian occupation. The war for Bohemia had finally begun.

After months of being supplied and trained by Austria and its industrial might, the Hussite forces had begun their attack on the Bohemian crown, which had fervently rejected their demands. Currently, the Hussites were split between two major factions, the moderates and the radicals.

During Berengar's past life, the moderates had betrayed the radicals and ended the Hussite wars, causing the Catholic Church to achieve victory. In this timeline, Berengar had no intentions of supplying the moderates or sending advisors to them.

A Hussite Bohemia would be a decent ally to have in his back pocket. Thus Berengar intended to aid them in any way he could short of full-scale military intervention. That is unless it was completely necessary. Eckhard and a group of Berengar's officers were standing alongside the sub-faction of the Radicals known as the Ka?parians.

The Ka?parians did not exist in Berengar's previous life. Still, in this timeline, they had become a powerful force with Berengar's aid and had already won a total of three battles since the war had begun. The leader of the Ka?parian Sect was a nobleman by the name of Alexej Ka?par.

The man was young, a few years older than Berengar but not by many. He was also handsome and charismatic, and it was these qualities that helped him gain the favor of so many other noblemen and knights to support his cause.

Currently, the man was dressed in a complete set of plate armor, with the Ka?parian banner draped over his torso in the form of a tabard. He was pointing at a map stretched out upon the table. Tiny figures were in place to represent the various armies of the ongoing conflict.

Eckhard was standing nearby; he was dressed in a set of brigandine and plate armor. The reason for this was simple, to avoid a diplomatic crisis, Berengar had openly taken a neutral stance in the Hussite Wars; due to how noticeable his nation's arms and armor were, it would be unwise for his military advisors to walk around in the equipment of the Grand Army of Austria.

Thus they wore the attire afforded to average Hussite men at arms. Only the officers of the armies they supported knew that these men were a means of Austrian support. As Alexej spoke about his battle plan, Eckhard slowly watched while scratching his grey beard.

"We will use our wagon forts to block the pass of the Catholic troops in this narrow valley. As they march upon our hand gunners protected within the wagons, Our cannons will rain fire upon them from above.

A spear wall will protect the wagon forts. Once the enemy has engaged our defensive line, we will encircle them with our cavalry and clash against them on both sides, ensuring our victory."

Though the Hussites had been victorious so far, the reality was that Berengar fully intended for this war to take years. The reason for this was two-fold; for starters, the conflict in Bohemia diverted the Church's attention from Austria, buying Berengar time to not only expand his Grand Army but establish a Grand Navy as well.

Secondly, the longer the Hussites fought, the more in debt they would be to Berengar. When the war was finally over, Berengar wanted the Hussites to be so indebted to him that they would be forced to cede the Sudetenland to Austria as payment.

Thus Eckhard did not offer any advice to the current plan, as it was good enough to ensure victory against the Catholic armies. Instead, he merely observed the map of Bohemia, which had been divided up into Hussite-controlled territories, and Catholic-occupied regions.

The Sudetenland was under Hussite control; the reason for this was quite simple. These lands were predominantly German in linguistic, ethnic, and cultural backgrounds. Because they were so close to Austria and were German themselves, they had been influenced by the German Reformation that Berengar and Ludolf had started.

Thus when the war broke out, they immediately threw in their support to the Hussite factions, as the Hussites were in many ways similar to the teachings of the German Reformation. As for the rest of the Bohemian lands, they were still largely under the control of the Bohemian Crown and their Catholic supporters.

Noticing that Ludolf was quietly observing the map, Alexej quickly voiced his concerns to the Austrian Field Marshal.

"Marshal von Hallstatt, what do you think of the strategy as it has been presented?"

To this, Eckhard looked around at the various Hussite knights and noblemen who had gathered and gave a nod of approval.

"It should work just fine. I have nothing to add at the moment."

Though Eckhard and his officers had assisted in training, tactics, and strategy, lately, they had taken a more background role and allowed the Hussites to proceed on their own. Alexej thought it meant that they would soon no longer be needed; he had no way of knowing that it was part of Berengar's plan to extend the conflict.

As such, the young commander smiled and nodded his head. Hearing Eckhard's approval of the plan brought him great joy. If Eckhard was appointed as the highest commander of Berengar's forces, then Alexej believed he must be a capable man, and thus he highly valued the man's opinion.

After observing the map for a while, Eckhard finally spotted an area that the Hussites were likely to lose, and as such, he walked over to the map and pointed his finger at the location.

"If the enemy is allowed to move unchecked in this region, they will conquer the lands held by the Taborites. It is necessary to send reinforcements to secure the region. I suggest sending a contingent of 2,500 men to assist our allies."

Hearing this, Alexej nodded his head in agreement; losing ground at this stage in the war would be detrimental to the cause. He moved two figures that represented 2,500 men into the region that Eckhard had pointed out.

This left a finite number of men that the Ka?parians could field to win the upcoming battle, but even then, the commander was confident in his ability to achieve victory. As such, Alexej asked for the opinion of men gathered at his strategy meeting.

"Does anybody else have any suggestions?"

After several moments of silence, Alexej sighed before giving his command.

"Dismissed."

With that, everyone began to leave the command tent; as Eckhard departed, Alexej called out to him.

"If you don't mind, Marshal, I would like to have a word with you in private."

Upon hearing this Eckhard stopped in his tracks before turning around and facing the young commander with a stern expression on his lips. After glaring at the commander for a few moments, he asked the question on his mind.

"What can I help you with, Commander?"

Alexej poured two chalices of wine before he responded; he handed one of them to Eckhard before taking a drink from his goblet.

"Could you relay my request for further material support from his Grace, Duke Berengar von Kufstein? If we are to win this war, we will need more hand cannons and armor than are currently fielded."

Hearing this, Eckhard smiled slightly before nodding his head

"Of course, I am sure that his Grace will have no problems transporting more supplies into Ka?parian lands. I will send a letter to him with haste. Is there anything else I can help you with?"

Alexej once more drank from his chalice before responding to Eckhard's question.

"An opinion would be nice."

Upon hearing this Eckhard decided to partake of the wine and took a small sip as he did so before responding.

"On what exactly?"

A solemn gaze filled Alexej's eyes as he spoke the thoughts on his mind.

"What are our chances of winning this war?"

Eckhard pondered for a few moments before expressing his opinion on the matter.

"With his Grace Berengar's support, 75% though it will likely be a long and brutal conflict. Without such backing, your odds are significantly lower. If necessary Berengar is likely to intervene in the war with his own Army, establishing a friendly state on his Eastern Border is critical for long-term stability.

However, he would only do so if you and your allies fall into a state of total collapse. So I would not count on overt military support any time soon. You can rest assured knowing that you are very likely to win this war with the help of our advisors and the supplies we give you. My advice is to be patient; wars are not won overnight."

Alexej reflected on this significantly and ultimately decided he would need some more time to consider his future. Thus he dismissed Eckhard with a single statement.

"I thank you for your advice; you can leave now."

After hearing that, Eckhard saluted the man before departing from his tent. He still had plenty of things to do, and Austria's request for further support was at the top of his list. As such, He wrote a letter to Berengar on behalf of the Ka?parians asking for additional material aid.

This would be just one of many times the Hussites came begging Berengar for more support in their war. With each shipment of arms, Berengar gave them, they would become indebted to Austria, and in doing so, fall further into Berengar's trap.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 262: Battle at the Eastern Border
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Months had passed and while wars waged in Bohemia, and North Africa, Eastern Europe was far from peaceful. Seeing that the Rus and the Golden Horde had begun to invade the Teutonic State, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth decided to avenge their loss at Grunwald and had joined the fray.

After their defeat in Grunwald and the increase in the Teutonic State's power, the Kingdom of Poland and the Grand Duchy of Lithuania had unified into the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth decades earlier than in Berengar's previous life.

The reason for this was simple, the Teutonic State was a growing threat, and by uniting their two countries they could gain an advantage against their common foe. As such the Teutonic State found itself surrounded by hostile forces, all of them held considerable power.

At the moment, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth was considered one of the great powers of Eastern Europe. With the coalition of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, the Golden Horde, and the various Rus states, the Teutonic Order was now facing an overwhelming threat.

The Order had already lost all of the territory gained from its war with the Grand Duchy of Moscow and had been forced back to their initial borders where they were currently holding the line against overwhelming odds.

The choice to withdraw from the newly conquered regions and defend the heartland was not taken lightly by the Grand Master of the Teutonic Order. He knew that his forces would be unable to keep ahold of the lands they had previously gained and thus opted to make a strategic withdrawal.

He hoped to sue for peace with the other powers by giving up their gains in their previous war. Instead, Poland-Lithuania joined the war and was hellbent on the Teutonic State's destruction. At the moment, the Grand Master of the Teutonic Order was standing on a castle's ramparts on the State's eastern border.

In the field below was a coalition of forces waving the banners of their nations and individual feudal lands. The army was well over 50,000 strong, compared to the 10,000 defenders the Teutonic Order had managed to scramble together to defend the gateway into their territory.

The man instantly cursed under his breath as he gazed upon the massive horde that had gathered outside the Castle.

"Damn that fool, Simeon! If he were not obsessed with getting revenge on Berengar the Accursed, I wouldn't have lost so many troops in Oberstdorf! With those 10,000 men, this could have been prevented!"

The Teutonic State was on the precipice and besieged on all sides. Whether they would continue to survive as an independent State or face complete and total collapse was up to him. To this, the Grand Master merely sighed as he voiced the thoughts on his mind.

"The last Grand Master of the Teutonic Order? I don't know whether to laugh or cry."

Luckily for him, none of the men beneath his command were around to hear his doubts. It would indeed harm morale if the word were to spread how doomed the Grand Master felt inside.

The siege had yet to begin truly. Instead, the army had gathered outside the gates with the intent to intimidate the defenders behind its mighty walls. Of course, to an army of Catholic Fanatics like the Teutonic Order, such a thing would never occur.

Even if they had begun to fill their ranks with criminals to compensate for their losses, the indoctrination that occurred during initiation had completely brainwashed these criminals into soldiers of Christ, who feared no death.

Thus the intimidation tactics had not achieved the effect desired by the besieging forces. At the moment, the besieging troops were in the middle of constructing trebuchets in the field. These weapons would be used to bombard the Castle for the foreseeable future.

Of course, trebuchets were constructed below the walls by the Teutonic Order, and upon seeing the enemy siege weapons being constructed, the Grand Master yelled at his men below the ramparts.

"Prepare to fire into the enemy formation! I want those trebuchets knocked out before they can do some real damage!"

With this command, the siege had finally begun, and as such, the Teutonic Order instantly began loading the trebuchets with jars filled with pitch; these jars would be lighted before being tossed at the enemy trebuchets which were under construction. The hope was they could eliminate the enemy's siege weapons before they could be built appropriately.

The numerous trebuchets within the Castle began to toss their burning pitch jars over the walls and enemy formations. The first volley fired utterly missed their targets and instead landed on soldiers in the field, lighting them aflame and spreading the tar-like substance across their ranks.

With this, the Grand Master lowered the visor on his helmet and ordered the archers to fire upon the enemy infantry.

"Knock! Draw! Loose!"

With these commands, a volley of thousands of arrows began to fill the sky and rain down on the opponents below, blocking out the sun as it did so, at least to some degree. Despite this, the attackers did not move their position, most of them raised their shields, and others were directly affected by the volley.

Arrows and Bolts made their way into the bodies of dozens of men; some of them died on the spot, others slowly fell to the ground and began to bleed out. Many were utterly unaffected as their armor had blocked the projectiles from achieving their goals.

As arrows and bolts were launched on the coalition forces below, the attackers returned fire upon the Teutonic Order's soldiers and loosed their arrows upon the men stationed on the ramparts. It was significantly more difficult to hit an archer hiding behind a merlon than it was to rain arrows on opponents standing in the field.

As such, the defenders were primarily protected by the Castle's mighty walls as they continued to reap the lives of the enemy forces with their volley fire. While the arrows fell upon the attackers, the Teutonic Order had finished reloading the trebuchets and launched another volley at their targets.

This time one of the pitch jars had landed on its target, and its flame instantly began to engulf the enemy trebuchet, which was nearing completion. Slowly but surely, the burning pitch began to turn the wooden siege device into ash.

The engineers nearby who were unlucky enough to be covered in the flaming tar-like substance screamed in agony as the flames engulfed their bodies. Despite this, nobody moved to help them, and soon they fell to their deaths.

Under the missile fire of the Teutonic Order, the General of the Golden Horde gave his Order from atop his horse.

"Raise the ladders!"

With that, men from all coalition nations began to rush towards the wall while carrying ladders with them. The intent was to scale the walls and fight the defenders atop the ramparts. While these ladders were moving into position, the Polish-Lithuanian commander gave his decree.

"Release the battering ram!"

Upon hearing this, the Polish-Lithuanian Forces in the vanguard immediately began pushing the battering ram into formation. The ram was wheeled and covered with fortifications to protect against missile fire. The heavily armored infantry used to push the device was relatively safe from the Defender's actions.

However, when the Battering ram finally got into position, the Defenders immediately unleashed a cauldron of burning pitch onto the enemy below; though the men operating the battering ram were directly protected from the substance, it slowly began to eat away at their covering.

Eventually, the coalition soldiers were left without protection from the missile fire. More importantly, the next wave of the burning pitch left them roasted alive in their armor as the enflamed viscous substance coated them.

When the Teutonic Grand Master gazed upon the sight of the enemy battering ram being destroyed, he smiled beneath his visor and yelled at the enemy, who could neither hear him nor understand him.

"Enemies of God! I Swear to the heavens that you will break your army taking this Castle! Though I may die, I will enter the Kingdom of Heaven smiling knowing that the Teutonic State survives!"

When the defenders heard these words from their Grand Master, they were overtaken with zeal and roared the battle cry of all crusaders into the air as they fought for their very survival.

"God wills it!"

The chant of the Crusaders while they desperately defended their Castle on their Eastern Border echoed into the air as the coalition forces attempted to break through the Teutonic Order's defenses. In doing so, the enemy forces fully understood the determination of the enemy they were facing and knew full well that this war would be a long and bloody one.

This was merely the first day of the siege at the Eastern Border, and it would last for many more. The brave German soldiers of Christ held onto their territory, fighting and dying for their belief against an army they deemed to be heathens.

The results of this battle would not be known to the world at large for some time. Ultimately the Teutonic Order would be defeated, and their Grand Master killed in battle. The loss the Teutonic Order suffered at the Eastern Border would open the flood gates for the coalition to invade their lands. Within a year's time, the Teutonic State would find itself in shambles, barely holding on to what little land they had left.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 263: Requesting Artillery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Months had passed since the Teutonic Order began its battle at the Eastern Border. On the other side of the world in Egypt, Arethas had pushed the Mamlukes back to Alexandria, seizing the city of Alexandria was of significant cultural importance to the Byzantine Empire. After losing it, the Emperor had personally sent his most excellent General to reclaim it. The rest of the territory would have to follow the recapture of the ancient city.

Arethas and his army were currently stuck outside the city of Alexandria, the siege had been going on for two weeks by now, and Arethas was starting to become impatient. What he needed was superior artillery.

However, he was armed with a few small bronze cannons. Because of this, he could not regularly bombard the city; instead, he had to maintain these cannons in fear that they might rupture from overload.

Because of this, the siege was going much slower than it usually would. After his first battle with the Mamluke's Arethas realized the need for field artillery; after all, Berengar's forces had been largely successful because of this. As such, he desired to get his hands on some field guns and use them to bring down these walls.

Since the first battle to recapture Egypt after centuries of being in the hands of other Empires, Arethas had sent word back to Andronikos, who was living in Constantinople, ordering the man to travel to Kufstein and negotiate with Berengar for the purchase of cannons.

Today Andronikos finally arrived within Kufstein, and as Berengar was eating breakfast with his family and guests, a servant approached him and whispered in his ear. After doing so, the man placed down his silverware and wiped his mouth with his napkin.

Afterward, he stood up from the table abruptly and alerted Linde and Honoria as to the presence of the Byzantine envoy.

"It would appear that Andronikos is here to discuss business. Lady Valeria, I do not want any confusion to occur from your presence, so I would humbly request that you sequester yourself in your room for the time being."

Honoria quickly understood Berengar's intent, she had started to suspect that Berengar knew her identity, and as such, she nodded and smiled before departing.

"Of course, anything for you, your grace."

With this, Honoria fled to her chambers and hid from the Byzantine Envoy, though she did not know who Andronikos was, as she had never come into contact with Arethas' subordinates. She was aware of the difficulties if the envoy from the Empire learned that she was hiding in Kufstein under a false identity.

After Honoria had vanished without a trace, Berengar ordered one of his servants to take her plate away and clean up the table.

"Get rid of Valeria's dishes, and make it seem like she was never here, and quickly!"

Hearing this, the servants immediately bussed Honoria's spot while Berengar entered the Great Hall, where the man named Andronikos was waiting patiently. As for Linde, she stayed in the Dining Hall with Henrietta and continued her meal. The moment Berengar saw the man, he opened his arms wide and approached the man giving him a friendly hug.

"Andronikos, my friend, it has been some time since I last saw you. Tell me, what is so important that you must travel all this way to Kufstein?"

Andronikos accepted the friendly embrace before the two men distanced themselves from one another. After doing so, he informed Berengar of his reason for visiting.

"My friend, the last time we saw each other, you were merely a Count, now you are a mighty Duke. I am genuinely impressed with your growth. As for why I am here, The reason is strictly business.? the Strategos wishes for me to negotiate the purchase of artillery. I know you won't sell us the magnificent guns you use in warfare, but indeed you can create something fitting for our Empire to use against our enemies?"

Hearing this, Berengar scratched his chin for a few moments; if he wanted a powerful ally in the East, he would need to arm them with some form of artillery that was better than what was currently wielded by the feudal world.

After thinking about it for a few moments, he got a brilliant idea, and as such, he clasped Andronikos' shoulder with a friendly smile on his face.

"I have a design in mind, but it has yet to be put into production. I promise you it will be more advanced than anything used by your enemies. However, these things are not easy to produce. I will need to set up an entirely new production line. For rapid transportation, I? will need to establish it within a city closer to the Empire. It will take me some time to accomplish this."

The design Berengar had in mind was none other than the Falconet, an early cannon design from the renaissance that was used extensively by the European powers. It was slim, relatively lightweight, made of cast iron, and fired a one-pound projectile. It was also capable of firing grapeshot if necessary, grapeshot being a far more primitive version of the canister shot that Berengar fired from his artillery.

This would be an enormous benefit in field battles against the Empire's enemies. Still, if Berengar went to war with the Byzantines, it would prove to be entirely ineffective against his 12 lb cannons. With this, Berengar could advance his allies to the East and curry their favor.

Andronikos was incredibly excited when he heard this news, and as such, he bowed respectfully to the young Duke of Austria.

"You have my gratitude; tell me how much such weapons would cost?"

To this, Berengar began to act casually as he swiped his hand to the side.

"Think nothing of it; I understand you are in a bitter campaign to reclaim your lost territory. I will gift the first batch of cannons to you as a token of my friendship, and if you require more, I will provide as many as you need.

As for their cost, you do not need to worry about such a thing; I am sure the wealth you gain from Egypt and Cyrene will be more than enough to cover the matter of debt you will owe me after your campaign is finished.

If you so desire, we can outfit your troops with as many arkebuses, pikes, and armor they need to accomplish this objective as well, under the same conditions, of course."

To the Empire, this could be considered an enormous favor. Though the Empire was wealthy, affording to outfit an army with new and modern equipment was a hefty price, something they could not easily do while engaged in a war with the Mamluke sultanate.

At most, they could buy a few batches at a time, but Berengar was offering to fully equip their army with modern equipment effectively for free, at least for the time being. When they finally won the campaign and gained the territories of Egypt and Cyrene, the Empire would be basking in more wealth than they had in the past 800 years.

By then, they could quickly repay the debt they owed Berengar in one giant payment. It was an attractive offer, but Andronikos did not have the power to negotiate such a monumental decision. As such, he quickly began to address Berengar's recommendation.

"I will have to ask the higher-ups about this. I do not have the power to make such a decision."

Berengar merely smiled and nodded as he heard this and responded in a friendly tone.

"I understand, do convey my message to your superiors with haste. In the meantime, I will begin the construction of the production line and begin to produce the weapons. If you do refuse my kindness, we can always sell the cannons and equipment to you upfront!"

Berengar's kind words held a hidden meaning; by saying they would be refusing his kindness, he was implying that it would harm diplomatic relations with Austria; after all, it would be seen as an insult by Berengar. This minor threat was laced into his otherwise kind words, and though Andronikos did not realize it, the Emperor surely will when he heard these words.

Though Berengar would make a vast sum trading these weapons to the Byzantines, he could care less about this, if the Byzantines were to accept his offer, there was only one thing Bernegar would ask for as payment for their massive debt that would accumulate throughout their war with the Mamluke Sultanate, and that was Princess Honoria's hand in marriage.

The desire for a swift victory in North Africa after decades of battling a stalemate with their enemies would hopefully be enough for Andronikos and Arethas to convince the Emperor to agree to Berengar's terms, and in doing so, they would fall straight into his trap.

Berengar could consider the weapons and armor he provided to the Byzantine Empire's massive army as the dowry for Honoria, and the debt would be squared the moment they got married. To him, this was the perfect way to establish a long-term alliance with the Byzantine Empire while also cementing his Dynasty's claim to the Empire as a whole.

More importantly, this would break the alliance between France and the Byzantine Empire. This was Berengar's true objective with his plans regarding Honoria. France was a neighbor that a united Germany was destined to clash with in the future.

If Berengar did not wish to fight a two-front war, he would need to break the alliance the French had with the Byzantines; this was critical to his plans for the future. Germany had always suffered due to its geographical position as the center of Europe in his past life. Many wars had been lost because they were forced to fight on two fronts.

By establishing an alliance with the great power in the East, Berengar could ensure his flank was secured to focus on his future enemies in the west. Thus while Andronikos left the Castle of Kufstein and began the long journey back to the Empire, Berengar was smiling. If all went as planned, he would have dealt a significant blow to his future enemies without anyone even realizing it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 264: The Holy Maiden of France
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Time flew by once more; throughout the months, while Berengar was using the period of peace he had established in Austria to turn his Duchy into a significant power, France found itself engulfed in war. For decades the English had been attempting to invade the Kingdom of France in a bid for control of the French Throne.

England has seized considerable gains within the past year, and with each passing day, more French land fell to the English invaders. When Aubry returned from the Byzantine Empire, he was sent off to war against the English by his father, King Gilles de Valois.

At the moment, the effeminate Prince was clad from head to toe in steel plate armor, unlike in Austria where steel was a shared resource, in France, it was a rare commodity, and to outfit a man in a full suit of armor comprised of the material was a great expense.

Due to his tabard being sullied earlier in the day, Aubry lacked the colors that distinguished him as a member of the Royal Family. If anything, he looked like a common man-at-arms. As such, few men in either Army were aware of his identity.

Aubry was taking part in his first battle. Though a legendary swordsman, he was by no means an experienced soldier, and as such, was quite nervous about the conflict. Currently, He was acting under the command of the Duke of Burgundy while the French forces fought against the English in a field within the Duchy of Burgundy.

In Berengar's previous life, the Duchy of Burgundy would betray the French Throne and side with the English in the next year. Of course, this had happened after the French royal Heir assassinated the Duke. In this timeline, such a thing may not occur; after all, Aubry was the Heir and was an entirely different person from the Crown Prince during Berengar's previous life.

Aubry fought fiercely beside the Duke of Burgundy as the man advanced his forces against the English lines. As a petite and effeminate young man, Aubry lacked physical strength, especially compared to the veteran English Knights he was facing. Thus he had to make up for his lack of power with his sword skills.

He was currently protected by a great bascinet, which blocked his pretty face; his honey blonde hair flowed out the back of the helmed, creating the image in the minds of the English and French alike that he was a female warrior leading the charge against their enemies. His dainty feminine figure, clad in the slim armor, did not help resolve this confusion.

The English longbowman fired upon the French Knights as they charged into the fray, atop their mounts. At the moment, Aubry was equipped with a lance and couched it under his arm as he rammed the tip of the weapon into the breastplate of an English knight, skewering the man upon impact.

The heavily armored cavalry of both forces clashed into one another, sending Knights and Lords to their deaths. Perhaps it was God's will, but the effeminate Prince managed to survive the charge, and so too did the Duke of Burgundy.

As both armies struggled in a battle of life and Death, Aubry was unseated from his horse by a lance, and though it did not kill him, it surely dented his breastplate and broke one or more of his ribs.

Gasping for breath, a tear formed in the young Prince's eyes beneath the visor of his great bascinet as he struggled to breathe. The pain was unbearable, yet despite this, he slowly rose to his feet, where he unleashed his longsword from his sheath and used it to dodge an oncoming blow from an English man-at-arms.

After deflecting the blow, Aubry spun his blade around, gripping the cold steel by the hand and using the pommel to strike his opponent's iron helmet, caving it in and crushing the man's skull as he did so.

A sharp pain, like a knife digging into his abdomen, dug its way through Aubry's ribcage; with each movement, he felt as if he were going to pass out. Despite this, the young Prince continued to struggle on the battlefield.

If he did not fight, he would surely die this day; thus, he twisted his sword around so that he was once more wielding it by the hilt and pierced through the gambeson armor of a nearby English soldier.

With the young Prince surrounded by the chaos of war, the Duke of Burgundy led the Army and began to encircle his position; he could not allow the Crown Prince to die on his watch. Slowly, but surely the tides of battle began to change in favor of the French Army, and eventually, Aubry was relived by the courageous Knights and Men At Arms of France who had caught up to him and allowed him a short reprieve from the battle.

Aubry winced in pain as he clutched the dented portion of his breastplate; afterward, he was slowly led away from the battlefield by some nearby Knights who were concerned for his safety. Aubry was forced to retreat to the encampment while his soldiers fought without him.

The field physician stripped Aubry of his armor and clothes before examining the rib cage, where he shared the news with the boy.

"Three of your ribs are fractured; you will recover in time. However, for now, I advise you to stay clear of the battlefield. One wrong move, and you could get yourself killed."

After hearing this, Aubry nodded before covering himself with a silk robe. The material was rare in France, but due to trade from some traveling Austrian merchants, the boy could get such a luxury, and he wore it whenever he got the chance.

The Prince clutched his side and winced in pain as he moved around. Shortly after that, the flaps to the tent opened to reveal the Duke of Burgundy with a grave expression on his face, the man was covered in the blood of his enemies, but he did not appear to be harmed in the slightest.

When the physician had begun to examine him, the young Duke, who was no older than twenty-six, pushed him aside before barging over to Aubry while wrapping the young Prince in his bloodstained embrace.

"Thank God you are alright! I don't know what I would do without you!"

After saying this, the man began to violate the Prince's tongue with his own; despite this act of passion, the Prince did not turn away and instead accepted the gift. It was a little-known secret that the Duke of Burgundy and the French Prince were in an illicit relationship.

Though the Duke was married and had three children, the moment he first laid eyes on Aubry, he fell in love, and thus for the past three years, Aubry had been in a relationship with the Duke of Burgundy.

Of course, the Duke of Burgundy was just one of Aubry's many lovers, he was a rather promiscuous young man, and thus he had more than one man by his side. He was even in a scandalous affair with several of his Knights.

The Duke of Burgundy had no way of knowing this. Thus he thought that Prince Aubry was loyal only to him.? After their little intimate display, Aubry wiped the blood from the Duke's face before putting on a gentle smile and asking the question on his mind.

"Did we win?'

To this, the Duke chuckled lightly before nodding his head.

"Would I be here if we hadn't?"

Though this was good news, it was far too early to celebrate; the English invasion was not something to be taken lightly. The French had been fighting the English for decades, and yet the war was still entirely unresolved.

With this said, the couple maintained silence for some time. Eventually, the Duke of Burgundy spoke his views on the conflict that embroiled the Kingdom of France.

"This war is far from over. However, this victory is a good start. With our Holy Maiden leading the charge, the morale of our forces is stronger than ever!"

Aubry was confused when he heard these words and spoke softly, as he was attempting to limit the amount of pain he felt from his broken ribs.

"Holy Maiden?"

The Duke of Burgundy removed the gauntlet from his hand and wiped the bangs out of Aubry's eyes. In doing so, he whispered into the young man's ear.

"That's what our troops are calling you! They saw your honey hair and petite figure as you bravely charged the English Knights. Without your tabard, the men have begun to think that you are a woman. This is why they are calling you the Holy Maiden.

Rumors have already spread of your feat in battle, and the men are speculating about your origins. Some are even saying that you are a young woman of low birth chosen by God to lead the French to victory in our hour of need. If you ask me, it is a nickname fitting of your divine beauty!"

Upon hearing this, Aubry began to blush as he looked to the side, not willing to gaze into the eyes of his lover. He was far from pious; in fact, one could call him the personification of lust. Despite this, he had been given such a beautiful nickname.

After a while, the effeminate Prince began to giggle like a girl; to him, it was the greatest joke he had ever heard. However, for the sake of morale, he would continue to present the image of a pious young woman; after all, what France needed now more than ever was a symbol to rally behind.

Thus the lustful trap that was the Crown Prince of France had become the Joan of Arc of this world, while in reality behaving far more similar to the ancient Roman Emperor Elagabalus. Of course, the promiscuous character of the so-called "Holy Maiden" would never be revealed to the public at large, nor would his identity as the Prince of France.

The war would continue to wage for some time; who would win the Hundred Years War in this timeline had yet to be determined. Though with Berengar's intervention in this world's affairs, anything was possible. For now, the French would continue to fight against the English, as they had for decades.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 265: The Holy Roman Emperor Joins the Fray
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Within the Kingdom of Italy, in the city of Florence, there lies the Holy Roman Emperor, who was also the King of Italy. Sitting upon his mighty throne, within his palace, the middle-aged man of Italian descent gazed upon his ministers who reported the situation across the Empire.

One of the ministers was a tall and lanky man with a narrow face and a large hooked nose; he had a dark, unkempt beard that made him look particularly hideous. The man was dressed in silk robes imported from the Byzantine Empire. Currently, He held a document in his hands that he read from to the Emperor.

"The German-Speaking regions are embroiled in a war for the title "King of Germany," so far Duke Wilmar and the main Habsburg line has been eradicated, and with their deaths, so too has their claim ended.

The man who seized power in Austria is a young upstart by the name of Berengar von Kufstein. As you may be aware, he is commonly referred to as Berengar, "the Accursed." The man is a kinslayer, womanizer, heretic and has been excommunicated by the previous Pope Simeon II.

With his rise to power, the German Reformation spread from Southern Germany into the neighboring German Duchies. Saxony and the Rhineland, in particular, are being converted at a rapid rate."

Upon hearing this information, the Holy Roman Emperor, a man by the name of Balsamo Corsini, began to frown. As a devout Catholic, and a man with close ties to the current Pope, the Holy Roman Emperor, dreaded the idea of the Berengar heresy spreading throughout the realm.? However, the man contained his rage and spurred the minister to continue reporting.

"Go on..."

Noticing the Emperor's fury, the minister gulped down the saliva accumulated in his throat before continuing his report.

"The other two claimants for the title, as you know, are Duke Dietger of Bavaria and the legitimized bastard nephew of the previous King's brother. His name is Manifred von Luxembourg, if I am not mistaken. Manifred is the head of the Duchy of Luxembourg; he and his allies have begun to invade Southern Germany.

With the losses the Bavarians suffered in Austria, Dietger's forces are significantly weakened, and he is currently relying on his allies in Saxony and Wuttermurg to press his claims. Duke Berengar seems to be biding his time; he is either disinterested in the title or is amassing an army and waiting for the perfect opportunity to strike. Intelligence supports the latter of these two outcomes as the most likely possibility.

The Venetians have reported that Berengar is constructing three large shipyards; they speculate he intends to create a powerful navy to project strength across the Mediterranean. Though at this time, it is unknown whether these shipyards are designed for the construction of a trade fleet or an Armada."

Upon hearing the last part of this news, The Emperor's frowning face worsened to an ugly state. It was becoming apparent that if Berengar was left to his own devices, he could prove to be a troublesome opponent in the future.

Still, there was not much he could do about such a thing, short of trying to revoke Berengar's title of Duke, which would force him into a war with the Austrians; there was no way for the Emperor to enforce his will on Berengar, and the Austrian people.

Despite the Holy Roman Empire being more streamlined within its political structure in this timeline, it still suffered from the same faults of feudalism when it came to the centralization of power. The fact that there were limited lands within the crown's direct control meant that Balsamo would have a difficult time raising the forces necessary to invade Austria.

Though he could rely on armies from Italy to answer his call to arms, the Germans were in the middle of a civil war, and so was Bohemia. The only other vassals he could call upon with any large force was the leader of the Swiss Confederation, and he was a man known for minding his own business.

The Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire was left with a headache, as he had no idea how to stem the growing tide that was the Duchy of Austria. Seeing that the Emperor was silent for an extended time, the minister began to speak of his reports again.

"The armies of Luxembourg and their allies have marched into Bavaria; after several battles back and forth between the von Wittelsbachs and the von Luxembourgs, it has turned into a stalemate, with the northeastern border of Bavaria under Luxembourg occupation.

Only time will tell how long this conflict will last, and who will become victorious is still unknown. The war will likely continue for years without a clear victor. Unless we want to personally get involved, and declare the next King of Germany of our choosing, then I suggest we leave it be, and let the Germans settle their disputes by themselves."

The Holy Roman Emperor nodded in agreement to this stance; he had no desire to waste his armies on the infighting of the German people. Instead, he was more interested in suppressing Berengar and Austria as best as possible. As such, he asked the question on his mind.

"What is the status of the Pope's attempts to rally enough forces for a new Crusade against Berengar and his heresy?"

As he was asked this question, the minister began to frown and spoke gently, knowing that his following words would greatly upset the Emperor.

"The Pope has his attention divided to Bohemia at the moment. The outbreak of the Hussite Heresy and their war to overthrow the Bohemian Crown is a more immediate threat when compared to that of Berengar and his Heresy.

As such, the timeline established to prepare an army to invade Austria has been delayed; instead, what few forces the Vatican has gathered will be marching on Bohemia first. Though Berengar has taken a neutral stance in the war, our spies report seeing a large number of hand cannons and cannons in the arms of the Hussite forces.

The number that they wield is far more than they should generally be equipped with. Thus it is believed these weapons are manufactured in Vienna and transported into Hussite lands. However, none of this can be proven, as Berengar's agents are highly effective at counter-espionage. As such, whatever is occurring in Austrian lands is unknown to us at the moment."

This news was enough to get the Emperor to grind his teeth; it seemed as if this entire report presented to him was nothing but bad news. As such, the Emperor began to lash out at his ministers.

"Is there any good news at all! Do any of you have a single idea on how to suppress Berengar and his rapid growth? Before long, that boy will be challenging my authority as Emperor! Something needs to be done about this, and until the Crusade is called, military conflict is not an option!"

The various ministers who were gathered all began to glance at one another in awkward silence. That is until one of the ministers began to speak up.

"We could impose taxes and tariffs upon Austria and their goods. This way, the Austrian economy will suffer, and Berengar "the Accursed" will have a difficult time funding the expansion of his military?"

When the Emperor heard this, he began to smile; this was a good idea, however just as he was about to give the decree to place unfair taxes on Austria, another one of his ministers spoke up.

"Are you an idiot? First off, if we were to impose taxes strictly on Austrian goods, it would come across as the Emperor bullying one of his vassals, which Berengar could use to breed conflict among the other Vassals.

That is the best-case scenario; the worst-case scenario is Berengar could outright refuse to pay such taxes, forcing us with two options, lower our heads in humiliation, or invade Austria and fight a war that we are not prepared for!"

The moment the Emperor heard this, all the joy that had momentarily filled his heart dissipated, as the minister who rained on his parade had made a valid counter-argument against such an option. Thus once more, Balsamo and his ministers were scratching their heads trying to figure out a course of action.

Ultimately, the ugly minister with the unkempt beard spoke up with the best option that the Imperial Crown had at the moment.

"If we wish to suppress Berengar's growth without giving him a Cassus Belli, there is only one option. We must sabotage his industry; in doing so, we can maintain plausible deniability while still crippling his means to arm himself.

The difficulty lies with getting our agents into Austria without being detected by Berengar's robust spy network. For starters, he is only accepting immigrants of German descent into Austria, leaving our options of spies solely from the Swiss Confederation.

We will have to actively wage a war of intrigue against Austria and build up enough of a network to infiltrate into his industrial cities. Doing so could take months, if not years, to accomplish any results and would surely be costly. However, it is the best option available to us at the moment, aside from outright war."

After hearing this, the gathered ministers began to mutter among themselves before agreeing to this proposition unanimously; as such, the Emperor grinned from ear to ear, showing off his sickly yellow teeth as he did so. Afterward, he began to bellow in laughter before calming himself to a degree necessary to give his decree.

"So be it! Berengar, I would like to see how you prevent my agents from sabotaging your industry and crippling your economy!"

Thus the Italian Kingdom and the Imperial Dynasty had begun to throw their weight into the fray; by sabotaging Berengar's factories, he would not only cripple Berengar's economy but also weaken the Byzantine Empire to the East who the Emperor had long since had a rivalry over with in regards to who was the true successor of Rome.

Of course, getting past Linde's inquisitive gaze and that of Austria's intelligence agency is much easier said than done. After all, they had begun to rapidly expand across Germany and into Northern Italy since they had started their reforms. What would follow would be a long and bloody shadow conflict between the Duke of Austria and the Holy Roman Emperor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 266: A Year Goes By
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A year had passed since Adela's birthday, and while the world changed around him Berengar had been living in Kufstein, overseeing the reconstruction of the Duchy of Austria. The war with the Bavarians had left much of the land ravaged, and it was through great effort that the fields began to be restored, and the people returned to rebuild their homes with assistance from the State that Berengar had been establishing.

Over the past year, Berengar had focused on four critical areas of development; agriculture, industry, infrastructure, and the Military. In regards to agriculture, over the past year, the fields were resewn, much to the help of the mechanized seeders that Berengar had begun to employ across the realm.

The use of the steel plow and the mechanical seeder had greatly aided in the amount of farmland that could be utilized while the fields were worked by significantly less population than was needed before. The four-field system was implemented throughout the realm, semi-modern irrigation was constructed across the fields, advanced fertilizers had begun to be employed, and selective breeding was introduced to livestock.

Due to the massive amount of animal power needed to utilize combine harvesters, Berengar had spent a significant sum acquiring farm horses and mules to power these devices. In the end, he felt that this would be an essential investment as the combine harvester combined the critical components of grain harvest such as reaping, threshing, gathering, and winnowing into a single process.

With this invention, the work of thousands of farmers could be done by a handful of men. The only downside was that each combined harvester required 20 or more beasts of burden. To Berengar, it was well worth the price; the thousands of farmers who would typically be working in the fields doing all of these functions were now replaced by a single machine and a few men to operate it.

The men who were previously employed in the fields could be put to work in industry, construction, mining, the Military, or any other number of jobs needed in a semi-modern society. They could also undergo public education and further add to Berengar's scientific network.

The Agriculture of Austria had made a significant process towards the early 19th century from Berengar's previous life. Within a decade, every field of Austria would be fully mechanized while utilizing advanced irrigation and fertilizers.

The towns and cities destroyed or damaged during the Bavarian Occupation had undergone reconstruction under Berengar's infrastructure initiative. It was a process that might take a decade, or possibly two. Still, in the future, every city and central town of Austria would be made to a similar degree of security and sanitation that Kufstein now found itself in.

Roads were being constructed across Austria to connect the major cities and towns of the realm. Roads were an essential feature for commerce, and Berengar intended to make sure that his roads stretched across the entire Duchy.

As for the industry, several critical industrial cities had begun to pop up aside from Kufstein. Innsbruck had long since been established as an Industrial city; within it, the arms and armor Berengar manufactured for the Byzantine Empire were mass-produced.

Arkubuses, pikes, falconets, and mirror pattern armor were mass-produced there and supplied to the Byzantine Empire under the agreement to be paid for in the future, after their conquests. The Emperor had agreed to Berengar's terms and unknowingly fallen into a debt trap.

As for Vienna, it had begun the production of even earlier arms and armor, which could be sold to any medieval army Berengar chose. They focused on the production of brigandine armor, hand cannons, primitive medieval cannons, and any number of other medieval weaponry. Most of which was being given as military aid to the Hussites, under the terms that they would pay for it in the future, creating a sizable debt among the Hussite forces.

Within Istria, the glass and salt industries had greatly expanded over the past year, and Berengar had stolen a large portion of the market from the Venetians, much to their ire. Berengar had more than once received an unfriendly letter from the Venetian Doge demanding he cease production of his superior glass.

Of course, being the terrible aggressive, and arrogant man that he was, Berengar's response to the Venetian's outrage was to politely tell them to go pound sand. This had worsened the relations between Venice and Austria to the point of a Naval Arms race.

As for Berengar's Cathedral, and Grand Palace, he had decided not to go with concrete and steel construction; as such, he had the buildings entirely rebuilt from scratch in the form of more traditional materials such as granite and mortar.

In particular, Berengar had used his chemistry department to formulate modern type M mortar, the most robust and most durable type of mortar in existence within Berengar's previous life. It was also much quicker to set into stone, and as such, despite the traditional materials, the production rate of these structures was still more significant than that of the era.

He would prefer that his cultural monuments last the test of time. Thus, it would be many years before he moved into a Palace befitting an Emperor; then again, it would be many years before he became an Emperor, or so he thought.

During this era of peace, Berengar had also begun to reconstruct the City Walls of Kufstein with Granite and type M mortar. Though the reinforced concrete walls allowed a greater level of protection against threats such as cannons, Berengar wanted his city walls to last the test of time, like that of the Theodosian walls of Constantinople.

One day when people looked back upon the City of Kufstein, Berengar wanted these walls to be in place as a sign of his wealth and power during his reign. Thus construction efforts across the realm were being made with more traditional materials, and the fortifications that Berengar had built with concrete and steel were being replaced and recycled. Austria held more than enough wealth to undertake such ventures, and Berengar knew it.

However, out of all of Bernegar's exploits over the past year, the most important was finished, and that was the construction of the shipyards. Berengar had poured an enormous amount of manpower and resources into the rapid construction of his three shipyards, and since then, they had been completed.

Two of his ports in Trieste and Pola were currently producing Berengar-Class Frigates at an unprecedented rate. Due to the prefabricated parts that Berengar had made during the last year, he had enough stockpiled in warehouses near those shipyards to construct dozens of vessels. With the assembly lines in place, Berengar had already built five frigates to comprise his First fleet.

As for Fiume, the shipyard in that region had dedicated its production to manufacturing Berengar's merchant fleet, comprised of clippers. Though they had yet to set sail and bring his goods across the Meditteranean, it was only a matter of time before Austrians goods were sold around the sea.

The Grand Army of Austria had expanded to 50,000 men at this point, half of which were volunteers. The Army paid well, and conscription would be mandatory the moment they went to war again. As such, many young men joined its ranks to prove their loyalty to the new Regime, which had already begun to lift the peasants out of poverty.

Berengar's forces were equipped with the 1417/18 Rifled Musket, triangular bayonets, and quick loading tubes. The artillery comprised 1417 12 lb Cannons, but they were also equipped with 1418 Schmidt Guns. There was no need for a dedicated howitzer since the 1417 12 lb Cannon could act as a field gun and a howitzer.

As for the Cavalry, they were split into Cuirassiers, Lancers, Dragoons, and Hussars. Out of all the units of Berengar's Army, he had the least amount of Cavalry. Horses were expensive to purchase and maintain, and frankly, he did not need a massive amount of Cavalry; his infantry was already so effective that Cavalry was overkill.

A year's worth of progress had been achieved, and it was no small amount. If things continued to progress in such a manner, Berengar would soon be able to proclaim himself King of Austria and stand on his own.

Though he still desired to expand his wealth, influence, and power before that happened. After all, the moment he did so, there was a potential for war to break out; and Berengar was rather enjoying the progress he was making at the moment.

Thus, for now, he would continue to develop his land until no army could challenge him. Border forts were still being constructed, and they would need to be finished before he ever thought about fighting a war for independence against the Holy Roman Empire.

Thus at the moment, Berengar was sitting in his study, enjoying a sip of fortified wine as he gazed at the documents in his hands that described all of the progress that had been made in a single year. Money kept flowing into his treasury, and he spent a great deal of it to invest in his country.

Now that his First Fleet and his merchant fleet were constructed, he would begin his expansion into the Mediterranean and its trade. If he could sell his goods to every Kingdom with a shoreline, he would be sure to make a vast fortune.? Thus his immediate plan for the future was to expand his trade network, even if it angered those around him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 267: Honorias Diary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The giant oak doors of the bedroom shut behind the white-haired Princess, where she proceeded to latch them. Honoria had a broad smile on her pretty face, she had just returned home after a long journey, and she had big plans for tomorrow. The young woman held her chest as she thought about tomorrow; she could feel butterflies within her heart.

After taking a few moments to calm herself, Honoria pulled out a large, leatherbound book from within her pouch. This book was chestnut in color and had a strap around it that was secured with a lock. After reaching further into her bag and finding the key, she unlocked it before placing it down upon her desk that had gathered dust in her absence.

After unbuckling the book, the Princess gazed upon its contents. Since her arrival in Kufstein over a year ago, she had begun to keep a diary that contained her daily events. As such, she began to flip through the pages reading through her past experiences while living under Berengar's roof.

Some of these made her smile, and others made her frown; it had been quite the emotional journey while staying in Kufstein. After flipping through the initial pages, she found herself reading about her experience shortly after Adela's fourteenth birthday party. The journal entry read as follows.

September 10th, 1418. I awoke in the morning to find myself with a splitting headache. I had far too much wine to drink last night. I don't remember my actions from the night prior, but Berengar began glaring at me since the moment he first saw me.

I had a relaxed breakfast alongside Berengar and the other guests who stayed within the Castle of Graz, which I vomited up shortly after; note to self greasy food does not settle well with a hungover stomach.

Later in the afternoon, Berengar visited me and chastised me for my behavior the night before. Though I do not remember behaving in such a manner, I was slightly violent with him out of jealousy towards the attention he showed to the other girls. It serves him right; he doesn't notice me enough! Am I not worthy of his praise?

Upon reading this entry, Honoria smiled bitterly, to think even back then, she was having problems with her relationship with Berengar. Not wanting to dwell on the topic, she quickly flipped through her pages to find the following passage of interest.

October 5th, 1418. I have been learning to sail for some time now and have gotten quite good at it! Berengar has even promised to take me to Istria in the summer so that I can learn to sail on the sea! I am so excited I can hardly wait!

After going through my daily sailing training, Berengar has given me a new task; he wants me to learn how to shoot and wield a sword to defend myself properly. I am not sure how good I will be at the task, but it makes sense. After all, some of the sailors have been eying me with ill intent.

If not for fear of what Berengar might do to them, I dread the idea of what might happen to me. Luckily Berengar wields enough respect that they seem to contain their lecherous nature. Then again, is it respect or fear that drives these men to behave themselves? I suppose I should ask around and see what the people under Berengar's rule think of him.

Honoria fondly gazed upon this specific entry; it was one of the many moments Berengar had shown that he cared for the girl. However, the good times had lasted for such a short period. The beautiful young Princess shook her head of such thoughts before flipping the page and moving on to the following central point in her diary.

October 15th, 1418. Today is Linde's birthday, and Berengar has spent the entire day with Linde and their son Hans. The little tyke is so adorable; I wonder if I can have a son as cute as him one day. Wouldn't it be great if he looked like Berengar? What am I saying?

It is now past noon, and Berengar has barely spoken to me; instead, he and Linde have spent the last few hours locked away in their room. I think they are having sex; I don't know why but that makes me so jealous! I know I shouldn't be thinking such things, but every time I walk by their room and hear Linde's pleasurable moans, I can't help but think what it would be like if I were in her position!

Evening came, and at dinner, Linde announced she was pregnant, not only to Berengar but all of the guests who came to visit. Her birthday is a big deal since she is Berengar's lover; even Adela and her family arrived. I am certain that his little fiancee appeared just as envious as I was when she heard the news. Berengar seemed so happy that it made me bitter. I wonder how he would react if I were to carry his child?

After reading this, Honoria began to smile bitterly as she quickly flipped the page, looking for another entry to read. The more she read, the more she had come to regret her actions that had led to her current predicament. As such, she read the next entry with tears in her eyes as she struggled to prevent them from dropping onto the diary and staining the page and its contents.

November 23rd, 1418. Today is my birthday, and I celebrated it alone. I don't know why I did not tell anyone about it. Maybe because I feared that such information could lead to Berengar figuring out my identity.

If he learned that I am the Princess of the Byzantine Empire would he send me home? I don't know if I would be able to live without the support he has given me. To go back home and marry that gay prince, I think I would rather die.

Honoria quickly flipped the page after reading that; she was delighted that she was still in Kufstein, despite everything that had happened; as such, there was no point dwelling on the past. The following few pages contained nothing of significance, and as such, the girl flipped to another entry of interest.

December 25th, 1418. Today is Christmas; a few days ago was Berengar's birthday, and though there was a large celebration, nothing of interest happened. Even though the House comprises nothing more than Berengar, Henrietta, Linde, Hans, and Myself, I had a wonderful time.

I even managed to spend some alone time with Berengar; it seems that the days where he interacts with me are starting to become less frequent. I think he is trying to distance himself from me but I don't know why. What have I done to upset him to such a degree? For this new year, I will give even more effort to gain his affection!

After reading this, Honoria began to skip a lot of entries before landing upon one filled with tears and ink smudges. She was pretty emotional when she wrote this; as such, she took a deep breath before reading the contents, fully aware of what it contained.

February 2nd, 1419. I had a massive fight with Berengar today; I don't even know why we were arguing. He has been so distant lately that it is breaking my heart. I tried to tell him how I felt, but it just came out wrong.

I ended up saying some profoundly personal and hurtful things. At the end of it, he simply glared at me with eyes of fury that I did not know he possessed. Afterward, he sent me to my room to think over my actions. Where did it all go wrong? Is this my fault for not being honest with him?

After reading this, Honoria sighed and skipped through multiple entries. The relationship between her and Berengar only seemed to get worse as she flipped through the pages until she landed on yet another tear-stained entry.

June 6th, 1419. Berengar has canceled our trip to Istria, and by canceled, I mean he has chosen not to go with me. Instead, he is tasking my protection to his guards. It seems he wants little to do with me at the moment. I don't know what is causing this rift, but I suspect it is my fault.

I need some fresh air and a new perspective. Being cooped up in Kufstein all this time is starting to get to my head. This trip will be good for me; even if Berengar is not coming, it should give me some time to think about everything that has gone wrong this past year.

After reading this, Honoria smiled for a moment reflecting on the beautiful memories she made on the journey she had taken; she flipped the page and found her smile continuing to grow as she wrote about her trip abroad.

July 27th, 1419. It has been almost a month since I last saw Berengar, and I have made it to the shores of Aragon. The freedom of the sea and the experience I have gained by interacting with various cultures have given me time to understand myself and why my relationship with Berengar is so toxic.

Berengar doesn't trust me, I have been lying about my identity for some time, and he knows. There is no other explanation. However, this is not his fault; it is mine, and mine alone. My insecurities, jealousy, and lies are what have created this rift between us.

I do not doubt that Berengar's child with Linde is already born, and he is probably delighted right now. It would be rude of me to barge in at such a time of happiness. So I have decided to write him a few letters, informing him of my journey and progress. Even though I know the guards he has tasked to protect me have been already notifying him, I feel it would be best if he heard from me directly.

What we need now is space, so I will continue to write to him, and I will stay on my journey across the Mediterranean until I am ready to tell him the truth. Who knows what I might find!

The following entry that Honoria flipped to was stained with her blood. After reading through it, a smile formed on her face, and she reflected upon that fateful day that had filled her with dreams and determination.

September 3rd, 1419. Pirates have attacked my ship; luckily, the guards assigned to me could defend our vessel. So much so that we managed to board the pirate's ship and wipe them out! I was forced to take up arms during the conflict and have sustained minor injuries.

I have never felt so alive before! We plundered the pirate's cargo and stole the Caravel they used! It is mine now; I have my own ship! Maybe I will form a crew of my own and sail across the sea, targeting pirates and brigands for their ill-gotten gains!

I must thank Berengar for all the training he provided to me; I likely would have died in the conflict if not for him. I think I am ready to return home. Home? Is Kufstein my home now? I don't even know the answer to that anymore; all I understand is that I have matured on this journey and now know what I want in this life.

After reading this, Honoria turned the page; this entry was blank; she had not journaled since the moment she decided to return home. Now that she was in Kufstein, she felt it was the perfect time to get her thoughts into place. As such she dipped her quill into ink before writing the newest passage to her diary.

September 15th, 1419. Over a year has passed since I first arrived in Kufstein; I can honestly say that even though there were times where I was miserable, it was a far better experience than being locked up in Constantinople.

I did not have the chance to meet with Berengar long enough to express my thoughts to him upon my return. However, he seemed to be generally happy that I was back. Considering we left on such bad terms, I was slightly afraid he would still be mad at me.

A little break is all that we needed, and some time to clear our heads. However, I am ready now; I will tell him everything there is to know about me tomorrow. I will be frank about who I am, where I come from, what I have become under his tutelage, and what it is I desire in life.

To be honest, I am quite frightened, but I will no longer live in fear of rejection; if Berengar accepts me, it will be for who I am! I am no longer that scared little Princess locked away in her father's palace. I am a sailor, an adventurer, and if Berengar thinks he can keep me locked up in his castle, like an obedient little princess, he is dead wrong.

The worst thing that could happen is Berengar rejects me; if he does, I will pay him back for his kindness with the wealth I have gained from the pirates and set sail for unknown destinations. I have no idea what crew I will form or how I will go about it, yet I know in my heart that adventure and glory wait for me!

After writing this, Honoria allowed the ink to settle before closing the diary and locking it shut. After doing so, she placed it within her underwear drawer and lay down on her bed. She would need a good night's rest if she were to talk with Berengar tomorrow about everything she had come to realize over these past few months.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 268: Honorias Confession
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar was within his study, it had been a year since Adela's birthday, and he had made significant progress in this time. At the moment, he was drafting a new form of Naval Law, one that would prove vital to the upcoming war with the Venetians.

There was no doubt about it, relations with the Republic of Venice had deteriorated to the point where war was inevitable, and frankly, Berengar did not have enough ships built yet to combat the threat of the Venetian Navy.

Thus he had a peculiar idea from his previous life in mind to combat the Venetian menace. As he drafted this legislation, he began to think about a particular candidate on his mind to fulfill the role. A bitter smile formed on his face as he reflected on his poor relationship with Honoria.

The past year his relationship with the girl had been strained. A year ago, she claimed she would tell him her identity, but the day never came, and the more he waited for the girl to be honest with him, the more his patience wore thin.

If not for the trip Honoria had taken, Berengar probably would have done something reckless. However, when she returned after several months of absence, he felt as if the thing that had been missing from his life was finally fulfilled.

He knew now that he had feelings for the girl, even if their relationship was by no means healthy; he just wished the girl would reveal what he had long since found out about her. Though it was difficult, Berengar used his spies to procure the intel that the Princess had run away and was presumed dead.

Throughout the past year, Berengar's spies worked hard to track Honoria's previous journey through the Black Sea and the Danube to Kufstein. Despite knowing the truth, Berengar had still waited for the young Princess to reveal her past on her own terms.

The constant lies and the insecure jealousy she had shown when Berengar was with other women were part of why they had drifted so far apart. As Berengar thought about this, he drank from his skull chalice.

Shortly after taking a sip of the fortified wine, he heard a knock on his door, and as such, he got up and opened it to find Honoria standing in his doorway with a flustered expression. Before Berengar could say a word, she grabbed ahold of him and kissed him on the lips passionately.

Though startled, Berengar accepted the gift and instead took charge as he showed the inexperienced Princess how the art of kissing was done correctly. After a few moments of intimacy, Honoria broke apart from Berengar; she was fully blushing at this point and muttered beneath her breath in embarrassment.

"I love you..."

Though Berengar wanted to tease the girl, he decided not to and instead led her into his study, where the two sat down across from each other. He could tell that this was a much-needed conversation and decided to be serious about it.

Berengar poured Honoria a glass filled with the fortified wine and handed it to her before sipping on his own. The two of them drank in silence for some time before Berengar broke it.

"I suppose you have something you want to say?'

To this, Honoria responded; she took a deep breath before uttering the first thought on her mind.

"I haven't been entirely honest with you. My name is not Valeria, it is Honoria, and I am the Princess of the Byzantine Empire."

After saying this, Berengar merely stared at her with a stoic expression, which got on the Princess's nerves; she began to pout. Honoria had expected that Berengar would have a far greater reaction to such news; however, the way he was looking at her as if he did not care in the slightest irritated her, thus she began to voice her frustrations.

"Well? What do you think?"

Berengar placed his skull chalice on the table before revealing his thoughts to the young Princess.

"I know, In fact, I have known for quite some time. If I am being honest, I have been waiting for you to tell me, but you just never did, even after promising you would do so. I suppose that is one of the reasons why I grew so distant to you; I don't like being lied to by a girl I happen to fancy."

Honoria was slightly shocked, though she had suspected Berengar knew the truth about her identity on more than one occasion. She had always rejected such notions. Instead, she always thought that he was angry about her for lying about other things.

After calming herself down by drinking more of the wine, she eventually began to speak her piece.

"I have feelings for you, Berengar, even if we did not start on the right foot. However, I won't lie to you; I don't intend to stay trapped in Kufstein Castle for the rest of my life. I want to go out and explore the world and go on adventures.

You asked me a year ago what my dreams were, and I have come to realize it. When I was gone, my ship was targeted by pirates; due to your guard's assistance, we were able to repel them and even seize their assets. It was truly exhilarating; for the first time in my life, I felt truly alive!

I want a ship and crew of my own; I want to sail the sea and plunder the vessels of those who deserve it! However, I also want a safe place to call home, and a man to hold me and comfort me after I come back from a long journey at sea. I want that man to be you, but if you are intent on keeping me locked up as you plan for Linde and Adela, I can't see myself agreeing to that."

Hearing this, Berengar's lips curled into a smirk, the look on his face greatly dissatisfied Honoria, that is until the reason for it was revealed. Berengar handed the piece of paper he had been working on earlier in the day to Honoria while remaining completely silent.

When Honoria gazed at the document in her hands she was baffled.

"What is this?"

Berengar leaned back in his seat before explaining the details to the young Princess.

"It is a letter of marque and reprisal. Essentially I am looking for experienced sailors to attack and capture the vessels of the nations that I am at war with. You may not be aware of this, but conflict is brewing with the Venetians, and it won't be long before a fight breaks out.

I am not ready for this war; they have hundreds of Vessels and are cranking out their Caravels at a much faster rate than I can construct my frigates. So I need people like you, sailors who seek adventure and glory to work for me, and take care of my enemy, whether that be their naval or merchant fleets.

It sounds to me like the perfect job for you, do you agree?"

Upon hearing this, Honoria looked at Berengar with a gaze filled with affection and confusion; as such, she wanted to clarify what Berengar had just said.

"You want me to be a pirate?"

Berengar shook his head and corrected her instantly. To him, there was a distinction between a common pirate and what he was asking her to become.

"Privateer, essentially it is the same thing, but you have the protection of the Ducal Crown of Austria. You will fly my flag on your vessel and have the full legal authority to attack my enemies. However, you are forbidden from attacking neutral parties; if you do so, you will be branded a Pirate and suffer the same fate."

Honoria was shocked when she heard this. Such an idea did not exist until now, yet Berengar had essentially legalized piracy, at least to the extent of attacking his enemies. Which was more than enough to earn a fortune; if a war broke out with the Venetians, one could become exceptionally wealthy by attacking their shipping vessels.?However, what Berengar said next shocked her even more.

"As for a ship, I wanted it to be a secret, but I have begun the construction of a sloop of war for you as a birthday gift, I know it is still a few months away, but I assure you this 18 gun vessel is far superior to that silly Caravel you have captured from those pirates."

Honoria gazed at Berengar with further astonishment; she instantly wanted to clarify the issue at hand.

"You know about my Caravel?"

To this, Berengar simply smirked as he responded in a haughty tone.

"Of course! Remember, my guards watched you the entire time; nothing on your journey happened that I don't know about. I protect my women, and I can't protect them if I don't know what trouble they might be in. As you can see, I am very supportive of your dreams, you can come and go from Kufstein as you please, and I will be here for you when you desire to see me. However, I have two conditions for all of this..."

The last part of Berengar's statement invoked Honoria's natural curiosity; as such, she asked the question on her mind.

"And that is?"

Berengar began to sip from his chalice, finishing the fortified wine in the process; after wiping his mouth with a napkin, he informed Honoria of his condition.

"As you are probably aware, I am a very jealous lover. As long as you promise to stay loyal to me, I will be more than happy to give you everything you desire. Of course, I would prefer if your crew was entirely comprised of women. I would not be able to sleep at night worrying about your safety surrounded by a bunch of scoundrels.

As long as you agree to these terms, I will be more than happy to fund your adventures and give you all the support you need to achieve your dreams. So how about it, do you swear to be loyal to me as my woman and take up a crew of only women?"

Upon hearing this, Honoria began to giggle; After a while, she sighed heavily before calming herself down.

"You are such a hypocrite..."

To this, Berengar merely smiled before expressing his views

"Aren't we all?"

Honoria smiled and walked around Berengar's desk before sitting on his lap and kissing him passionately once more. After releasing herself from his grasp, she nodded her head and spoke her mind.

"Consider this my promise to you!"

Afterward, she began to strip Berengar's clothes while he removed her own. Before long, the two were enjoying the warmth of each other's bodies. As Berengar took Honoria's virginity, he gazed down at sight with a smile on his face before speaking his thoughts.

"It is good to be the Duke!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 269: Plans for Independence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After spending the night with Honoria, much to the ire of Linde, Berengar had successfully cemented his relationship with the young Princess of the Byzantine Empire; as for his plans for her identity as a privateer, he decided it would be best for her to keep up the ruse of Valeria Zoanara.

Berengar had even helped her create a convincing persona that others would not look into, the days of Lady Valeria of Antioch were long gone. Now Honoria pretended to be Valeria Zonara, an Orphan from Constantinople who grew up as a captive of pirates.

For the next few days, Berengar had spent much time with Honoria. Now that they were a couple, he wanted to show her some love. As such he spent a great deal of time with the girl, going on dates, and taking her to bed.

After a few days, Berengar got back to work; he had more important things to worry about. Thus while Berengar was working on expanding his navy to compete with the arms race that had appeared with the Venetians, Honoria was set to task recruiting an all-female crew.

She had decided to promise wealth and glory to young women and girls who were down on their luck, orphans, prostitutes, bar wenches, any number of ordinary women who dreamed of a better life than what they currently had.

As for Berengar, he was currently sitting in his study once more; while Linde was sitting in front of him with a scowl on her face. She was well aware of what Berengar and Honoria had gotten up to in the past few days, and she was displeased.

Until now, she had Berengar entirely to herself, and though she knew eventually Berengar would marry Adela and sleep with her, she wanted to hold onto the fact that she was Berengar's only partner for a bit longer.

Seeing that his lover was upset over the lack of attention he had given her over the past few days, Berengar began to tease the young woman.

"You know, dear; you could always join us... Nobody is preventing you from climbing into bed with Honoria and myself..."

By now, Linde thought there was no shameless thing Berengar could say that would make her embarrassed. However, when she thought of such a scenario, her mind went blank, and her porcelain cheeks began to flush red with embarrassment.

Seeing Linde was pondering the decision, Berengar merely chuckled before shifting the topic. Eventually, she would come around to the idea. Out of all of the girls Berengar had by his side, Linde was by far the most open to new ideas.

Even though he had not spent any intimate time with Adela and had just recently gotten to know Honoria in such a sense; he knew enough about their personalities that Linde would be the easiest to coax into group sex.? For now, he placed the document in front of Linde and smiled devilishly.

"Your sister Adelheid has proven exceptional in counter-intelligence. The Emperor's agents have attempted to infiltrate Innsbruck and sabotage the factories. Luckily she caught them before they could do any damage, and they have been interrogated extensively, confessing to their crimes.

I will have them publically speak of their crimes and pin the blame onto the Emperor and thus erode the confidence his vassals have in him. If he is willing to sabotage my factories out of fear of my rapid growth, then it has become apparent that the Emperor is my enemy.? A war for independence is inevitable, and I need to know that our Agents are up to the task."

Linde looked at the report. Briefly, she was already aware of the issue as the Director of Intelligence and thus gave an honest situation report.

"The Department of Intelligence has extended into Northern Italy, including Florence, where the Emperor resides. We can easily strike at him within his home territory. The real question is whether our armies are ready for war. I know you have 50,000 soldiers at the moment, nearly half a dozen vessels, and enough sailors and marines to arm them.

But a war for independence against the Holy Roman Empire would drag the Italians and the Swiss into the conflict. We have no allies; what exactly is the timeframe for this war of yours?"

To this, Berengar rose from his seat and walked over to the window, where he looked out upon the city he had created. After gazing into the distance for a few moments, he made his stance clear.

"It is not as simple as you make it seem. When the war in Bohemia ends, the entire Catholic world will shift its attention onto us regardless of who wins. When they do so we will be beset by all sides by enemies, and few allies to call upon.

To ensure our victory in the upcoming Crusade; My plan is twofold. First and foremost, we can take a preemptive strike against the Italians, and by extension, the Swiss. We can wage war for independence against the Holy Roman Empire where we will destroy the Venetian and Genoan Navies while crushing the Italian and Swiss armies in battle.

If they are weakened before the Crusade is declared, we will have dealt with our two closest adversaries and have given ourselves a fighting chance..."

After hearing this, Linde straightened her back and put down her wine cup. She provided her earnest attention to Berengar before asking the question on her mind.

"What is the second part?"

Berengar sighed as he heard this and pressed his forehead into his palm. Seeing that her lover was visibly stressed, Linde rose from her seat and approached Berengar's back, where she began to rub his shoulders. While she was doing so, Berengar stated the second part of his plan.

"As for the second portion, I will not lie; it is going to be difficult; as you know I am far from a skilled diplomat, and this plan requires effective diplomacy. Essentially we would need to secure alliances with the enemies of my enemies.

In particular, I have my eyes on Iberia. Despite the ongoing Reconquista, the Catholic Iberians are a fiercely zealous people and would indeed send an Army into Austria. To ensure that they are preoccupied, I will have to travel to Granada and gain the support of the Moors who live there.

This has its downsides, as such an action will only further justify the activities of the Vatican when they declare a Crusade against me, at least in the minds of the Catholics. Openly supporting the Moors against Reconquista will indeed invoke the ire of the Iberians.

However, the benefits of this action are not just a matter of keeping the Catholic Iberians occupied; building an alliance with the Emirate of Granada, who is inhabiting the Strait of Gibraltar, is crucial to my plans. As I will have a friendly nation in charge of the access to the Atlantic."

When Linde heard this, she was confused, she had no idea why Berengar would care about access to the Atlantic, but she did not pay more than a second's worth of attention to such a thing. Instead, she nodded her head in agreement.

What Berengar said had made sense to her. Berengar was always a big-picture kind of man; he constantly plotted ten steps ahead of himself. While Linde was thinking of the short-term consequences of a war with the Emperor, Berengar was already planning for the upcoming Crusade, which they both knew loomed over Austria and Southern Germany as a whole.

Linde ceased rubbing Berengar's back as he turned around and faced her, cupping her beautiful face in his hands as he soothed her worries.

"You asked me what the timeframe for my war for independence is? Within a year, I intend to have a Navy large enough to contend with Italy. By then, my Army will have grown significantly more, and I will not have to fear the combined might of the Swiss and Italian forces.

After we have crushed the Emperor and his allies, I will declare myself King of Austria, and in doing so, secure my independence. When that is over, I can hold my head high as I marry you, three girls, knowing that I am the sovereign of my realm."

Hearing Berengar speak of his grand ambitions always made Linde excited; few men would have the courage to stare down the Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire in a war of intrigue, while preparing for a full-scale military conflict.

Such boldness was attractive to Linde and affirmed her choice of partner. Even if she had to share Berengar with others, she did not mind; after all, Linde was convinced that one-day Berengar would become a figure remembered for all of history. In her eyes, it was better to be one of several wives that belonged to an extraordinary man than the single wife of a great man.

With that said, Berengar had much to plan for and little time to do it. As such, he dismissed Linde before getting back to work; he would have his fun with her later in the night. As for Honoria, she was free to join the fun, though whether she would do so was another story.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 270: Preparing for a Journey
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Emirate of Granada, the last Muslim Kingdom in Europe; In Berengar's past life, fell to the Spanish in 1492; with the fall of Granada and having gained access to the Strait of Gibraltar, the Spanish hired explorers to set sail for parts unknown.

The results of this were the fact that a man named Christopher Columbus rediscovered the Americas after such knowledge was lost following Leif Erikson's expedition to Vinland. This discovery resulted in the expansion of European power and plenty of previously unknown resources finding their way into Europe.

However, in this timeline, the year is currently 1419, and the Emirate of Granda is still standing. Compared to its Catholic neighbors, it has been dramatically weakened from centuries of warfare. Despite this, things were about to change for the tiny Muslim Kingdom on the southern edge of Iberia.

Berengar had great plans in place for Granada. To put it simply the mighty Duke of Austria needed allies, and to him, the enemy of his enemy was his friend. Considering how zealous the Iberian Catholics were, it only made sense to make use of their longest-lasting enemy. As such, Berengar had prepared a trade envoy with his new merchant fleets over the past few months, making waves within the Emirate.

His intent was simple, establish diplomatic ties to the Emirate of Granada and arm them with sufficient weaponry. The purpose was to distract the Iberian Catholics when the time came for the Crusade against the German Reformation.

After months of working hard to get the attention of the Grenada royal family, Berengar had finally caught their interest. At the moment, Berengar was seated on his Ducal Throne, where he read the letter in his hands.

This letter was from Sultan Hasan Al-Fadl, the current Sultan of the Emirate of Granada. This document addressed the desire to meet with Berengar in person, and upon reading its contents, a delighted smile formed on Berengar's lips.

After months of hard work, he had finally gotten the invitation that he craved. As such, he was eager to set sail as quickly as possible. Due to the diplomatic nature of the visit, Berengar would not be taking one of his frigates on his journey to the Emirate of Granada.

Instead, he would employ one of the many full-masted clippers he had designed for his merchant fleet. Such a ship was faster than any warship and would allow Berengar to safely reach the Iberian coastline even if he were pursued by hostile vessels.

After reading the letter Berengar raised from his seat, he knew his faults in regards to diplomacy. He was an incredibly prideful man who did not tolerate ultimatums or threats. To such things his usual response was violence. Due to his lack of ability in regards to diplomacy, he desired to bring someone along with him who could effectively nullify his naturally brazen attitude.

From what he knew, there was only one person he trusted to convey his best intent calmly and effectively. As such, he headed to his study, where he took out a piece of parchment and wrote a letter to a fifteen-year-old girl whom he had been neglecting for far too long.

The letter was addressed to Adela, and for the first time, Berengar planned to use her natural talents. As such, he sent the letter to his young fiancee informing her of the desire to take her with him to the Emirate of Granada to aid him in his diplomatic efforts.

It was also an excuse to spend some time with the woman who would become first among his wives. He quickly sent a letter explaining his circumstances and the desire to meet with her in Trieste, where he planned to sail with her to Granada.

After doing so, he immediately began to prepare for his excursion. The first matter of business was informing his two lovers of his departure. As such, he quickly left to find them; after searching around the castle for some time, Berengar found Honoria and Linde in his newborn daughter's room.

The two young women were playing with Hans and his little sister, who Linde had given birth to a couple of months prior. The little girl had a similar appearance to Hans, in so far that she had pale skin, strawberry blonde hair, and sapphire eyes.

The infant child was no older than two months and was being exceptionally doted upon by both Linde and Honoria; as for Hans, he had begun to act up because he was not getting the attention from his mother that he had previously acquired.

Hans had grown not only in body but in mind throughout this past year, he was over two years old now, and he was already beginning to read and write. He could speak in simple sentences and had displayed exceptional intelligence.

So much so that Berengar was beginning to question whether or not the boy was reincarnated like himself. However, he highly doubted such a thing for one simple reason. Despite the boy's high intelligence, he still behaved like a small child; he showed no sign of maturity and wisdom that a child with the memories of a past life would typically have.

So unless this kid was the reincarnation of an evil mastermind who decided to behave like a small child to blend in, then the likelihood of him being a transmigrator was slim. Still ever being the cautious man, Berengar kept a close eye on Hans and his behavior while he was able to do so.

After standing in the doorway for a few moments in silence, his two beautiful lovers finally noticed Berengar's presence and beckoned him over to their side. However, the young duke merely shook his head before responding with his intentions.

"I will be journeying to the Emirate of Granada for a diplomatic visit. I will be gone for some time; I just wanted to let you know. "

Linde nodded her head as she heard this; she was aware of Berengar's plan to ally with Granada and was well prepared for his leave of absence. Honoria, on the other hand, stood up from her spot with sparkling eyes.

"When do we set sail?"

She had assumed that she would be tagging along, considering that she was an experienced sailor by now. However, Berengar merely shook his head before responding to Honoria's comments.

"I am not taking you with me. Though you have begun to improve your acting skills, it is far too risky for you to follow me to Granada. If the Sultan were to find out about your identity, it could cause problems. For now, you should focus on finding your crew members. I promise I won't be gone for long."

Upon hearing this, Honoria began to pout in silence. She felt that Berengar was leaving too soon after mending the rift between them; especially after they had finally become an official couple. Nevertheless, she felt pleased knowing that no other woman would be accompanying him, utterly unaware that Berengar intended to drag Adela along with him.

After informing the two young women about his plans, Linde was the one to bring up a critical point of contention.

"So if you are leaving tomorrow, then who will you spend your last night with before your trip?"

Honoria was also curious about this, and both of the girls gazed at Berengar with pleading glances. Upon seeing this, Berengar began to chuckle as he approached the two women and grabbed ahold of them each with one arm before dragging them into his embrace where he made sure to grab ahold of their bountiful breasts.

"Is it too much to ask for both?"

Linde began to blush and cast her glance to the side as she heard this; as for Honoria, she shoved Berengar away and crossed her arms before pouting. It would appear the girl would need more convincing before Berengar could coax her into a threesome.? When faced with such difficulties, Berengar gave his decree.

"I guess I will have to go with Linde then; sweetheart, put the kids to bed, and then we can go have our fun."

After saying this, Linde began to do as instructed, and Honoria scurried off in disgust. She was leaving Berengar and Linde behind with their two kids. As Berengar watched Honoria's fine behind pass through the door, he called out to her.

"You know where to find us if you change your mind!"

However, Honoria said nothing in response to this and rushed towards her quarters. As for Berengar and Linde, they put their kids to bed before absconding to the bedroom, where the couple had their usual fun.

The next day, Berengar would travel to Istria to meet with Adela and set sail towards the Iberian coast. He had plenty of work cut out for him if he wanted to succeed in establishing an alliance with the Sultan.

One thing was sure; he could finally spend some quality time with his future wife. He was ashamed that he could not spend as much time with Adela when compared to the degree he spent with his lovers. Thus he looked forward to the upcoming diplomatic visit to the Emirate of Granada and hoped that Adela would too.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 270: Preparing for a Journey
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Emirate of Granada, the last Muslim Kingdom in Europe; In Berengar's past life, fell to the Spanish in 1492; with the fall of Granada and having gained access to the Strait of Gibraltar, the Spanish hired explorers to set sail for parts unknown.

The results of this were the fact that a man named Christopher Columbus rediscovered the Americas after such knowledge was lost following Leif Erikson's expedition to Vinland. This discovery resulted in the expansion of European power and plenty of previously unknown resources finding their way into Europe.

However, in this timeline, the year is currently 1419, and the Emirate of Granda is still standing. Compared to its Catholic neighbors, it has been dramatically weakened from centuries of warfare. Despite this, things were about to change for the tiny Muslim Kingdom on the southern edge of Iberia.

Berengar had great plans in place for Granada. To put it simply the mighty Duke of Austria needed allies, and to him, the enemy of his enemy was his friend. Considering how zealous the Iberian Catholics were, it only made sense to make use of their longest-lasting enemy. As such, Berengar had prepared a trade envoy with his new merchant fleets over the past few months, making waves within the Emirate.

His intent was simple, establish diplomatic ties to the Emirate of Granada and arm them with sufficient weaponry. The purpose was to distract the Iberian Catholics when the time came for the Crusade against the German Reformation.

After months of working hard to get the attention of the Grenada royal family, Berengar had finally caught their interest. At the moment, Berengar was seated on his Ducal Throne, where he read the letter in his hands.

This letter was from Sultan Hasan Al-Fadl, the current Sultan of the Emirate of Granada. This document addressed the desire to meet with Berengar in person, and upon reading its contents, a delighted smile formed on Berengar's lips.

After months of hard work, he had finally gotten the invitation that he craved. As such, he was eager to set sail as quickly as possible. Due to the diplomatic nature of the visit, Berengar would not be taking one of his frigates on his journey to the Emirate of Granada.

Instead, he would employ one of the many full-masted clippers he had designed for his merchant fleet. Such a ship was faster than any warship and would allow Berengar to safely reach the Iberian coastline even if he were pursued by hostile vessels.

After reading the letter Berengar raised from his seat, he knew his faults in regards to diplomacy. He was an incredibly prideful man who did not tolerate ultimatums or threats. To such things his usual response was violence. Due to his lack of ability in regards to diplomacy, he desired to bring someone along with him who could effectively nullify his naturally brazen attitude.

From what he knew, there was only one person he trusted to convey his best intent calmly and effectively. As such, he headed to his study, where he took out a piece of parchment and wrote a letter to a fifteen-year-old girl whom he had been neglecting for far too long.

The letter was addressed to Adela, and for the first time, Berengar planned to use her natural talents. As such, he sent the letter to his young fiancee informing her of the desire to take her with him to the Emirate of Granada to aid him in his diplomatic efforts.

It was also an excuse to spend some time with the woman who would become first among his wives. He quickly sent a letter explaining his circumstances and the desire to meet with her in Trieste, where he planned to sail with her to Granada.

After doing so, he immediately began to prepare for his excursion. The first matter of business was informing his two lovers of his departure. As such, he quickly left to find them; after searching around the castle for some time, Berengar found Honoria and Linde in his newborn daughter's room.

The two young women were playing with Hans and his little sister, who Linde had given birth to a couple of months prior. The little girl had a similar appearance to Hans, in so far that she had pale skin, strawberry blonde hair, and sapphire eyes.

The infant child was no older than two months and was being exceptionally doted upon by both Linde and Honoria; as for Hans, he had begun to act up because he was not getting the attention from his mother that he had previously acquired.

Hans had grown not only in body but in mind throughout this past year, he was over two years old now, and he was already beginning to read and write. He could speak in simple sentences and had displayed exceptional intelligence.

So much so that Berengar was beginning to question whether or not the boy was reincarnated like himself. However, he highly doubted such a thing for one simple reason. Despite the boy's high intelligence, he still behaved like a small child; he showed no sign of maturity and wisdom that a child with the memories of a past life would typically have.

So unless this kid was the reincarnation of an evil mastermind who decided to behave like a small child to blend in, then the likelihood of him being a transmigrator was slim. Still ever being the cautious man, Berengar kept a close eye on Hans and his behavior while he was able to do so.

After standing in the doorway for a few moments in silence, his two beautiful lovers finally noticed Berengar's presence and beckoned him over to their side. However, the young duke merely shook his head before responding with his intentions.

"I will be journeying to the Emirate of Granada for a diplomatic visit. I will be gone for some time; I just wanted to let you know. "

Linde nodded her head as she heard this; she was aware of Berengar's plan to ally with Granada and was well prepared for his leave of absence. Honoria, on the other hand, stood up from her spot with sparkling eyes.

"When do we set sail?"

She had assumed that she would be tagging along, considering that she was an experienced sailor by now. However, Berengar merely shook his head before responding to Honoria's comments.

"I am not taking you with me. Though you have begun to improve your acting skills, it is far too risky for you to follow me to Granada. If the Sultan were to find out about your identity, it could cause problems. For now, you should focus on finding your crew members. I promise I won't be gone for long."

Upon hearing this, Honoria began to pout in silence. She felt that Berengar was leaving too soon after mending the rift between them; especially after they had finally become an official couple. Nevertheless, she felt pleased knowing that no other woman would be accompanying him, utterly unaware that Berengar intended to drag Adela along with him.

After informing the two young women about his plans, Linde was the one to bring up a critical point of contention.

"So if you are leaving tomorrow, then who will you spend your last night with before your trip?"

Honoria was also curious about this, and both of the girls gazed at Berengar with pleading glances. Upon seeing this, Berengar began to chuckle as he approached the two women and grabbed ahold of them each with one arm before dragging them into his embrace where he made sure to grab ahold of their bountiful breasts.

"Is it too much to ask for both?"

Linde began to blush and cast her glance to the side as she heard this; as for Honoria, she shoved Berengar away and crossed her arms before pouting. It would appear the girl would need more convincing before Berengar could coax her into a threesome.? When faced with such difficulties, Berengar gave his decree.

"I guess I will have to go with Linde then; sweetheart, put the kids to bed, and then we can go have our fun."

After saying this, Linde began to do as instructed, and Honoria scurried off in disgust. She was leaving Berengar and Linde behind with their two kids. As Berengar watched Honoria's fine behind pass through the door, he called out to her.

"You know where to find us if you change your mind!"

However, Honoria said nothing in response to this and rushed towards her quarters. As for Berengar and Linde, they put their kids to bed before absconding to the bedroom, where the couple had their usual fun.

The next day, Berengar would travel to Istria to meet with Adela and set sail towards the Iberian coast. He had plenty of work cut out for him if he wanted to succeed in establishing an alliance with the Sultan.

One thing was sure; he could finally spend some quality time with his future wife. He was ashamed that he could not spend as much time with Adela when compared to the degree he spent with his lovers. Thus he looked forward to the upcoming diplomatic visit to the Emirate of Granada and hoped that Adela would too.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 271: Arriving in Granada
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The clear blue skies shone above the province of Istria. Within the city of Trieste, Berengar stood at the port. In front of him was a large three-masted clipper. This ship was a transport vessel Berengar used to sell his wares across the Mediterranean over the last couple of months.

Though Berengar intended to create a massive Royal Clipper for his family's travel in the near future, it was secondary to the concerns of establishing a Naval Armada and a large trade fleet. All he could do for now was to use one of his standard trading vessels that had been completed as his means of transport.

Despite the fact that Berengar was inching ever closer to his dreams to discover the new world in this timeline, it would still be a few months before he was fully prepared for such a venture. Thus, Berengar intended to construct a large and powerful fleet before he ventured westward into unknown parts. At the moment, Berengar was working towards his other goal of independence by establishing an alliance with the Emirate of Granada.

Not only were the moors who inhabited the region instrumental in distracting Iberian Catholics from joining in on the upcoming crusade against Berengar and his Duchy, but by providing them with sufficient arms to protect themselves against their Catholic neighbors, Berengar could delay the Reconquista.? With this, Berengar could prevent Spain and Portugal from becoming significant rivals in the colonization of the new world.

After gazing upon the mighty vessel with a sense of admiration, Berengar felt a pair of dainty arms wrap around him; these, of course, belonged to his future bride Adela. The young girl had grown immensely in the past few years since Berengar first arrived in this world.

Though she was not as busty as Honoria or Linde, she had developed into a stunning young woman. Adela had a solid B-Cup-sized chest and a petite stature. She was slim, and in a way, Berengar found this quite appealing. If one were to have a harem of women, it would be ideal to have some variety.

Adela was dressed in a sapphire blue dress with golden accents. The jewelry she wore was a mix of fine gold and sapphires, which highlighted her matching eyes perfectly. She still wore her twin-tail hairstyle, and Berengar found this to be quite adorable.

After taking in the breathtaking image of his young fiancee, Berengar smiled before greeting the young woman.

"You have truly become a gorgeous young woman Adela; I can hardly wait until the day we are married."

Throughout these past few years, Adela had worked hard to become someone who could aid Berengar in his work as a Head of State. Thus she had become quite efficient in Diplomacy and Administration. Berengar was aware of her growth in these aspects and had personally requested her for this diplomatic visit to Granada.

When Adela heard Berengar's kind words, she bowed respectfully before responding with a formal greeting. After all, they were still in public, and thus she felt it inappropriate to refer to Berengar by his first name.

"You honor me, your grace!"

After their initial greeting was over, Berengar grabbed ahold of Adela and hugged her; he did not care for formal etiquette, especially when it was with one of the girls he loved. Adela, on the other hand, began to flush red with embarrassment, but she did not pull herself out of Berengar's grasp; after all, she craved his attention, and now she was finally receiving it without any form of interference.

After holding onto Adela for some time, Berengar whispered in her ear.

"It's been too long..."

The couple shared the intimate moment for a few moments before Berengar finally broke away and got down to business.

"Well, are you ready to depart?"

To this, Adela nodded her head silently before her servants began to carry her luggage onto the vessel. Berengar walked alongside Adela while holding her little hand in his own as they stepped onto the ship that would transport them to Granada.

After stepping onto the vessel, Berengar led Adela below deck where her quarters were awaiting her; while the two of them were on board the ship, the captain's quarters were allotted to Berengar, and the first mate's cabin was given to Adela.

These cabins were large enough to host a queen-sized bed within them; as for the ship's captain, he stayed in one of the other cabins, and so too did his officers. After settling in, the boat began to depart. Berengar stayed within the saloon alongside Adela for the time being, where they continued to catch up on the events since their last meeting, which was not long ago on her fifteenth birthday.

Days would pass before they finally arrived in Granada; due to the unrivaled speed of the clippers, the journey from Istria to Iberia was substantially shorter than if they took one of the more contemporary vessels like the carrack or caravel.

When the three-masted clipper finally docked at the port city of Motril, they did not stay long. Instead, they immediately got into a caravan and rode up to the capital city of Granada, where the Sultan and his family resided.

After several days of travel, Berengar and his host arrived at the Granadan Royal Court, where the Sultan welcomed him with open arms. The man was even younger than Berengar, from his appearance, he was no older than nineteen.

Hasan had recently inherited his position from his late father. He had a handsome clean-shaven face with lightly tanned skin and shoulder-length dark hair. The young man also had eyes the color of chocolate.

As the Sultan of Granada, Hasan was an ethnic Berber. Medieval Europeans used the term moor to describe a group of people from North Africa mainly comprised of a mix of Arabs and Berbers, and to a limited extent, their sub-Saharan African slaves and mercenaries that were primarily taken from the areas that would be known in Berengar's previous life as Mali, and Niger.

Upon seeing the extravagantly dressed Duke of Austria enter through his Palace Gates, the man who ruled over the Emirate of Granada greeted Berengar in a traditional Islamic fashion.

"As-Salaam-Alaikum, oh great Duke of Austria!"

Though the man spoke in Arabic, Berengar had a translator nearby, however much to the surprise of everyone present, Berengar returned his greeting with an appropriate response.

"Wa-Alaikum-Salaam, mighty Sultan of Granada."

Due to Berengar's tenure in Afghanistan, he knew a bit of the Arabic tongue. Despite the fact that Arabic was a minority language in Afghanistan, Berengar had spent many of his years there learning the language.

The reason was that it was a more common tongue throughout the world than Pashtun or Dari, and thus after his service, he could potentially bring it into his professional life. Though it was a far more modern variant than the version spoken in Medieval Iberia; he could still vaguely get his words across.

Adela was also surprised that Berengar seemed to know how to speak Arabic, at least to some degree, and gazed curiously at her fiance as he addressed the Sultan as if he were a long-lost friend.

"When I received your invitation to visit your Royal Palace, I was quite excited. I think there is much our two peoples can accomplish if we work together."

Upon hearing this, Hasan began to chuckle and nodded his head

"I look forward to discussing our people's future together. Tell me, who is this beautiful young woman next to you?"

Berengar grabbed ahold of Adela's shoulder in response to the Sultan's words and dragged her in close to him before declaring her position in his life.

"This is Adela von Graz, daughter of Marquess Otto von Graz and my fiancee. We will be married next year."

The Sultan nodded his head as he heard this before responding to Berengar's claims.

"You are truly a lucky man, Duke Berengar; I also have a beautiful bride; it would appear that we have more in common than I initially thought."

After saying this, the Sultan personally led Berengar, Adela, and their host into his palace, introducing the magnificent structures and grandoise furnishings along the way. After a while, they stopped at the dining hall, where a meal was being prepared.

"Come, sit, enjoy Dinner with my family and me; you must be starving after such a long journey."

Upon hearing this, Berengar did not refuse, and as such, he nodded politely before pulling out Adela's seat, allowing her to sit down at the table gracefully, where he then sat next to her. Before long, Berengar and his host as well as the Royal Family of Granada had gathered in the dining hall to share a meal.

This would be the first of many discussions that would occur during Berengar's visit to Granda. With Adela by his side, Berengar was confident in coming to an agreement that would be beneficial to both himself and the Emirate of Granada. Though whether such an alliance would occur was yet to be seen.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 272: Negotiations with the Sultan of Granada
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar and Adela sat at the Sultan of Granada's table, enjoying food that was unique to the culture. Berengar had never tasted such delicacies before, and as an avid foodie, he was enjoying it to his heart's content.

On the other hand, Adela was slightly worried at the gazes she was receiving from some of the more traditional members of Hasan's dynasty. The unwelcome looks afforded to her resulted from Berengar's refusal to force his young fiancee to wear a hijab; it was a matter of principle to him.

Hasan was far more secular than many of the people in Granada, and because of this, he had allowed Adela to walk around freely in his territory without some form of face covering. In his eyes, she was a Christian woman and a diplomat, and it would be rude of him to force such traditions on foreigners like the Austrian host.

This lack of devotion to the traditions and the Islamic faith was a point of contention among many other members of Hasan's dynasty, and they had begun to plot in the shadows against the young Sultan.

Though alcohol was not served at the feast, Berengar enjoyed himself nonetheless. He took a break from the roasted lamb to discuss matters of importance between himself and Hasan. After all, a banquet was an excellent opportunity to discuss business.

"Tell me, your majesty, what is the current situation like with your neighbors? I have heard that the Iberian Catholics are attempting to conquer Granada. All I hear is Catholic propaganda about how it is a matter of time before Granada is reclaimed for Christendom, so I would like to hear your opinion about the ongoing war efforts."

While Berengar spoke in German, his words were translated to Hasan by a translator hired by the Royal Court of Granda for this special occasion. Likewise, Berengar himself had a translator to convert the Arabic words of the Sultan into German so that he could adequately understand them.

The differences between modern Arabic and Medieval Arabic were too significant for Berengar to overcome; after all, he was not even fluent in the modern dialect.? Thus the conversation between the two men was carried on by the duo of translators that both parties had hired.

Hasan was willing to meet with Berengar because he was aware of the German Reformation that Berengar had spurred and that he was enemies with the Catholic faith; in a way, they held similar positions.

Surrounded by hostile neighbors, relying on their means to defend their territory, they would be natural allies if they weren't so far apart. However, Hasan was not willing to reveal the complete difficulty he was facing against the Catholics of Castille, Aragon, and Portugal.

The reasons for this were relatively simple; for starters, he was currently negotiating an agreement with Berengar. The benefits he could obtain were purely based upon the show of force he could provide. In reality, his position was relatively poor, barely holding onto the territory he currently had.

However, he would never reveal this, and as such, the young Sultan proudly declared his armies' capability.

"Despite being surrounded by enemies on all sides, we are holding out well enough. This is a war against our faith, and the soldiers of Granada will never fall so long as they have faith in Allah!"

Berengar nodded when he heard this; he knew that the Sultan would never accept Christian soldiers on his land as military aid. However, Berengar did not plan to do such a thing, as it would be an open declaration of war against the Catholic world; instead, he touched upon the weakness of Granada that he knew they were facing.

"That is good to hear; I would be beside myself if your mighty Kingdom fell against those self-righteous Catholics. Tell me, how are your logistics? Are you able to properly supply your soldiers with food, water, and arms? If not, I would be more than happy to provide material support for your cause."

When the members of Hasan's dynasty heard this, they were surprised. Berengar may not be a Catholic, but he was still Christian; the idea of a Christian ruler aiding the Muslim Kingdom against other Christians was practically unheard of; at least when it came to European affairs.

The Sultan began to discuss among his advisors such a possibility before asking for clarification. After several moments of discussion where Berengar and Adela were merely eating their meal in peace, Hasan began to ask some of the questions on his mind.

"You would provide us material aid? In what way?"

A smirk began to curve itself upon Berengar's lips when he heard this, the Sultan had taken the bait, and as such, he could start to negotiate on his terms.

"I can provide arms, armor, and even food. You will not need to worry about supplies taking months to arrive; my transport ships are the fastest in the world and can sail from Trieste to Motril within a matter of days."

The Granadan host was shocked to hear this, such speeds were unheard of in this period, yet it was confirmed that they had arrived in Granada relatively quickly. As such, the Sultan contemplated upon this for a few moments before asking another one of his questions.

"When you say arms, what exactly would you be willing to provide us with?"

Berengar drank from the chalice that was filled with water, quenching his parched throat and washing down the roasted lamb before responding to this particular question. His answer, if agreed upon, would change the balance of power within Iberia. After taking his sweet time to respond, Berengar wiped his mouth with the napkin before doing so.

"I can provide you with pikes and arkebuse firearms for your infantry; in terms of artillery, I can assist you with falconet cannons; these are weapons of my invention that fire a one-pound cannonball.

Despite its small size, it can bring down a castle wall far quicker than traditional siege methods if used in large numbers or repeated barrages. If necessary, I can even send some of my officers to advise you on the tactics and strategies needed to wield such weapons properly."

While the two men were conversing their negotiations, Adela was observing; she watched the reactions of the other members of the Sultan's dynasty. Though it went unnoticed by both Berengar and Hasan, the worried expressions on their faces did not get by Adela's sharp gaze.

She could instantly tell that something was going on behind the scenes of the Sultan's family, and whatever it could be, it did not bode well for Berengar and his plans. As such, she decided she would properly inform Berengar of these issues when they were alone.

Ultimately the Sultan decided to halt the negotiations; for now, such a substantial promise of support would have to be thoroughly considered; after all, the man was sharp and was not desperate enough to accept such lofty conditions without thinking it through. Thus he announced his decision while maintaining the dignity of a Sultan.

"Your words intrigue me, but I will need some time to consider your offer; in the meantime, feel free to treat my home as if it were your own. I look forward to our further discussions on this matter."

Berengar smiled and nodded before taking a drink from his chalice. He knew he would not reach an agreement at the first discussion. Thus he was well prepared for this. The shifty gazes of Hasan's family did not go unnoticed by Berengar. However, he assumed they were simply nervous about dealing with an infidel, and thus he let it pass for now.

After finishing the meal, Berengar, Adela, and their host were led to the quarters allotted to them during their stay. Upon entering his room and lying down on the bed, Berengar heard a knock on his door. He quickly got up from his short rest before opening it, where he noticed Adela standing with a worried expression.

"Can I come in?"

Berengar thought about it for a moment before silently nodding his head and allowing the girl entry to his room. After doing so, he shut the door and sat down on his bed, where he beckoned his future wife to sit by his side.

Adela followed as instructed, and after a few moments of silence, she revealed the thoughts on her mind to Berengar.

"Something is going on with the Sultan's family. I may not be as talented in the affairs of intrigue as Linde, but I can tell they are plotting something behind the Sultan's back. If you wish to secure this Alliance with Granada, it would be wise to investigate this conspiracy silently.

If they plan to assassinate Hasan, then you need to prevent it by any means necessary. Not only is this likely to foster a friendship between you and the Sultan, but it will also secure his power in the region."

Berengar was shocked when he heard this; however, he noticed their nervous expressions; though he did not even think of such a possibility, thinking back upon their looks disdain when the Sultan entertained Berengar's idea of support, it started to make sense.

Luckily for him, Berengar had brought several members of his intelligence agency; the reason for this was simple, Linde wanted to keep an eye on him if he did something foolish like flirt with the princess of Granada.

However, the Sultan's sister was wrapped head to toe in a burka, and Berengar could not lust for her. As such, Berengar and Adela had begun to intertwine themselves with the affairs of the Royal Granadan Court and would soon be involved in a grand conspiracy, one whose plot had yet to be revealed.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 273: Conspiring Against the Sultan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Late into the night, there was a secret gathering of high-ranking officials within the Emirate of Granada. The Sultan's brother and several advisors were gathered in a part of the Castle where they discussed their treasonous thoughts in hushed voices.

Yusuf Al-Fadl was the younger brother of the Sultan; however, in his mind, his conspiracy that he had established was not a matter of succession; it was a matter of faith. As a religious fundamentalist, he had seen both his elder brother and his father before him spiral into damnation by secular rule.

The fact that Hasan entertained the idea of military aid from an infidel while feasting on pork and drinking wine in his spare time was bad enough; however, the Sultan had allowed Adela, a woman, to walk around uncovered, in his eyes, it was simply disgraceful, and the Sultan's lack of faith had gone too far.

As such, he was quietly conversing with his co-conspirators in a hidden passage within the Castle of Granada. Beside him was the Marshal of the Realm, the Spymaster, and the spiritual advisor who happened to be a high-ranking Imam.

Their reason for the gathering was simple; now that a foreign Christian ruler was staying within the Castle, they had finally found a scapegoat to pin their plot to assassinate the Sultan on. This scapegoat also acted as the perfect way to establish a theocratic caliphate within the territory of Granada.

Yusuf was the first to voice his concerns to his fellow conspirators.

"Hasan must die! In particular, he must die while this infidel of a Duke stays within our territory. If we can blame him as the assassin, then we can rally the faithful against the idea of Christian intervention in our lands and establish our Caliphate once and for all!"

The Imam was the next to voice his discontent with the current situation.

"The Sultan has gone too far, he allows a woman to walk around freely without escort, and she is even left uncovered; such blasphemy can not be tolerated! We must remove Hasan as quickly as possible!"

The other conspirators nodded their heads in agreement upon hearing this. All of these men were a part of the Islamic Fundamentalist faction. They were willing to die to see the secularism they viewed as cancer upon their realm thoroughly removed from society.

Ultimately, the Spymaster came up with the first plan to assassinate the current Sultan of Granada; in his hands was a vial of clear liquid; it was an odorless and tasteless poison that Berengar had once used on his father's Marshal.

"This is a lethal concentration of the poison known as arsenic; if we put it in Hasan's wine, he will never know that he devoured it. After he is dead, we can blame the poisoning on this Duke Berengar from Austria! We won't need to fabricate too much evidence; after all, the people will easily buy the idea of a Christian assassinating the Sultan!"

On the other hand, the Marshal disagreed with this point, why assassinate the Sultan with poison when they can get one of the house guards to kill him. As such, he voiced his disapproval of this plan immediately and offered a counter solution.

"Poison has a chance of failure; a loyal soldier with a blade is more likely to succeed. We should utilize one of the members of the House Guard who swears loyalty to the faith to kill the Sultan, then plant the bloodied blade among Berengar's possessions. This way, there is irrefutable "proof" that the Duke of Austria is responsible for the Sultan's death!"

Upon hearing two potential options for assassination, the leaders of the conspiracy began to fight among themselves to determine the most effective solution to their current predicament. While these men bickered among themselves, they were completely unaware that they were being observed by a pair of icy blue eyes not far away.

After Berengar and Adela finished their chat, Berengar immediately set his agents to task with infiltrating the Castle and spying on the most likely suspects of the conspiracy. After dressing in all black and waiting for the night, the agents began to blend in with the dimly lit corridors and successfully followed the conspirators to their meeting place.

The men who planned to assassinate the Sultan had no way of knowing that everything they said was observed and documented by this Austrian agent. While this agent watched the conspirators, the men involved continued to fight among themselves until they reached a decision. Yusuf was the one to finalize the decision, and as such, spoke with authority on the matter.

"We will use poison to eliminate the Sultan silently; then we will plant a vial of the substance among Berengar's belongings. He will be completely unaware that we are framing him and will make the perfect scapegoat. Tomorrow night, at the negotiations, we will enact our plan. The royal cupbearer will be alerted of our decision and will spike Hasan's drink with the poison."

Despite the earlier disagreement, all of the men present nodded their heads in affirmation of the plot to assassinate the Sultan and, shortly after that, departed from the scene of their conspiracy. It was only after they all had left that the agent scurried back to Berengar's quarters, triple-checking along the way to make sure he was not observed.

After the coast was clear, he knocked on Berengar's door in a specific way that symbolized he was a member of Berengar's Intelligence Agency. He then slid the document that he had written recording the Conspirators' conversation underneath the door.

Afterward, the man disappeared into the darkness and returned to his quarters; his actions were completely unnoticed by the Conspirators. As Berengar read the information, he had a smile on his face before lighting the note aflame with a candle.

If things turned for the worst, he did not plan to have written evidence of the conspiracy to assassinate the Sultan, even if it were in the form of recording the actual conspirator's conversation. Thus Berengar hatched a plan to spend the next day alongside Hasan and closely watched him to make sure that none of the assassination plots that had been hatched against him came to fruition.

Granada was crucial to his plans for the future, and he could not allow it to fall into a state of Islamic fundamentalism. At this moment, he began to hatch a goal to investigate and reveal the conspiracy between the Sultan's brother and several of his councilmen. By doing so, he hoped to gain the favor of the Sultan and forge an alliance between the two.

After thinking of his plan, Berengar went to sleep; for the first time in a long time, he was utterly alone at night, making him quite irritable. Eventually, the dawn rose, and Berengar was up bright and early; as usual, he was awake long before the members of his house were.

Thus he got out of bed and decided to go for a walk. He traversed the Castle's grounds before stumbling upon Hasan awake and hard at work in his study. Interestingly enough, the man had the same habits as Berengar, awakening early and getting to work as soon as possible.

As such, Berengar knocked on his door, which altered the man to his presence. The moment he looked up and gazed upon Berengar's figure with a look of confusion on his face, he inquired about it.

"Duke Berengar, what are you doing up so early? Did you not sleep well? Was there something wrong with your accommodations? If they are not to your liking, I can have them changed immediately!"

To this, Berengar merely shook his head before responding to the young Sultan with a smile on his face.

"On the contrary, I was quite pleased with the room I was provided with; it was extremely comfortable. I wake up at this time every day, where I usually get some exercise in before getting straight to work."

Upon hearing this, a smile formed across Hasan's face as he got up from his seat and greeted his guest.

"We truly do have much in common."

In response to this, Berengar nodded his head before asking the Sultan the question on his mind.

"Would you like to join me? I know a few exercises that are great for your health; like I always say, "a healthy body creates a healthy mind!"

Thinking about it for a few moments, Hasan eventually smiled and nodded before speaking his thoughts.

"Sure, I was not involved in anything too important anyways."

The Duke of Austria and the Sultan of Granada went for a run; afterward, they began to do pushups, situps, squats, and pullups. By the time they were done with the morning exercise, Hasan was exhausted and in dire need of something to eat. Berengar and Hasan sat down at the breakfast table, covered in sweat, waiting for the morning meal to arrive.

With this small action, they had taken the first step to friendship.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 274: Assembling a Crew I
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar and Adela were away at the Royal Court of Granada, Honoria was tasked with another objective. To put it simply, the runaway princess turned Privateer Queen was in the middle of searching for a crew.

At the moment, she was within the City of Kufstein; as per usual, she was flanked by Berengar's guards and protected from any possible threat. The beautiful white-haired princess was no longer dressed in some extravagant noblewoman's dress.

Instead, she was dressed in something loosely resembling the naval uniforms Berengar had provided to his sailors. His sailors were dressed like the old Elizabethan Seadogs from his previous life. However, Berengar had custom-designed uniforms for Honoria and her crew rather than have them outright cross-dress.

When designing Honoria's privateer attire, Berengar wanted something lightweight, comfy, and easy to move around in. Ultimately, what he created for her was a pair of slim black velvet breeches with minor golden embellishment and a couple of thigh-high black leather boots.

For her upper attire, she wore a charcoal gray silk shirt with a black velvet jerkin that was designed for the female body; this jerkin was slightly embellished with golden embroidery. Honoria did not feel like wearing a hat most of the time, but it would be a matching cavalier hat when she did.

Honoria also wore a black leather baldric that contained a frog for her sword scabbard to be attached to and a holster that held her four-shot repeating flintlock, which was based upon the Belton Flintlock action from Berengar's previous life.

These weapons were an enormous expense to produce, but Berengar had opted to outfit her and her crew with such expensive and effective weaponry for Honoria's safety. After all, if they ever found themselves in close quarter's combat with men, they would be at a severe disadvantage. Thus he felt the need to equip them with multi-shot weapons.

While Honoria was walking through the city of Kufstein, she noticed a young girl slightly younger than herself being forced to sweep outside a run-down shop. The girl had a pitiful look in her eye, and at the moment, there were a series of screams going on within the shop.

From one glance, Honoria could tell this girl was in some trouble and thus opted to approach her. However, despite doing so, the girl refused to look up from the ground as she swept. That is until the door slammed open, and a young man in extravagant attire walked out with a slip of paper in his hands.

This young man had a smug grin on his face as he boldly announced to the girl in front of him the fate that awaited her.

"Your parents have decided to pay off their debt to me by selling you into my service."

However, after saying this, the girl refused to do as she was told and continued to sweep outside the shop. She was aware that so long as the Duke's guard were nearby, no harm could come to her, even from the hands of a nobleman.

The man had not seen Honoria or her guards. Instead, he was too focused on the young and cute girl who had taken his fancy. When the girl did not go willingly with him, the man resorted to violence. He latched upon her wrist and tried to force her away.? Immediately the young girl resisted, and for doing so, the man slapped her across the face and began to raise his voice at the girl.

"You belong to me now! You are nothing more than a slave that I have purchased for my amusement, and you will do what you are told!"

When Honoria heard this, she began to frown and instantly approached the man. She was greatly displeased with this scene. For starters, Berengar had outright banned slavery; it was illegal and carried a punishment of twenty-five years to life.

There were many reasons for this, but to put it simply, Berengar wanted to avoid the centuries of domestic issues that followed American slavery in his previous life. Thus by holding what was little more than a slavery contract in his hands and boldly declaring that the young woman belonged to him, he was committing a serious offense.

Secondly, Honoria was against the idea of treating women as nothing more than slaves; after all, she had been lucky with Berengar, who allowed her a much greater degree of freedom than women of the period were typically allowed. Thus when she approached the man, she was far from in a diplomatic mood. Without even addressing the man, she ordered her guards at once.

"Guards, arrest this man! He has openly stated that he is engaging in slavery, and Duke Berengar has made his stance on such immoral acts abundantly clear!"

The moment the young nobleman heard this, he turned around with shock in his eyes. He had not even noticed Honoria or the guards nearby. By now, everyone in Kufstein was aware that Berengar had taken a white-haired beauty from the Byzantine Empire as a lover. As one of Berengar's women, Honoria held the authority to order her guards to act in such a manner.

The man immediately tried to declare his innocence. However, the guards grabbed hold of the man and sequestered him.

"You don't understand! This is not slavery! It is a simple business transaction; the girl will work off her parent's debt to me until it is fully repaid!"

However, Honoria was not buying his lame excuse and instead looked at the contract given to her by one of the guards who had seized it from the young nobleman. After reading it thoroughly, Honoria stated the conditions of the contract.

"In return for absolving the Schneider family of their debt owed to Oswald von Fieberbrunn, Landolf Schneider agrees to sell his daughter Elfrun into the service of Oswald von Fieberbrunn in perpetuity... A lifetime of service to a master that sounds like slavery to me!"

The man's eyes shrank as he heard this. This deal was supposed to be silent and secret, yet by chance, one of Berengar's lovers was walking by with her guards and witnessed the whole thing. He could be facing a minimum period of twenty-five years in a labor camp while, the maximum sentence carried for slavery was life imprisonment, which meant that he would be forced to work in back-breaking labor until he died.

Despite his Noble Status, under Berengar's legal reforms, he was not afforded any special treatment regarding the law; as such, the man was terrified of the outcome and began to panic. However, he was restrained well by the nearby guards who awaited the arrival of the law enforcement officers to take the man into custody. With no other options, the man began screaming at the young girl he had attempted to buy in a fit of fury.

"You bitch! You better pray I never escape! For if I do, you will die a bloody death!"

There were several eyewitnesses to this man's response, and he had foolishly just stated intent to murder the victim of his crime. Thus, to make an example of him and all potential slavers. Berengar's courts would eventually use this as an excuse to throw the book at the man and keep him in a labor camp until the day he died.

Though the man's family would protest these actions, there was nothing they could do in response to the overwhelming power Berengar held. After all, they were a minor noble family climbing the social ladder due to the wealth they gained from owning a few small businesses in Kufstein.

After the man was dragged away in chains by the law enforcement agents, Honoria approached the young girl named Elfrun, who was in tears. She was thankful that her life had been spared from a horrific experience of sexual slavery.

However, she also lamented the fact that her family was willing to condemn her to such a cruel fate due to their debt to the minor nobleman. With no options, the girl began to despair, and Honoria knew this to be the case. As such, she presented a viable alternative to the girl.

"You are a free woman now, and thus the choice of what you do in the future is up to you, but if I were you, I wouldn't want to stay with a family who so easily sold me into slavery either."

As Elfrun wept, she spoke the thoughts on her mind to the beautiful and comforting young woman next to her.

"I have nowhere else to go, but I can never look at my parents the same way after this!"

With a gentle smile on her face, Honoria clasped the girl's shoulder, causing her to look up at her with shock. Honoria proceeded to drag the girl into her arms and hugged her while stroking her long dirty blonde hair.

"If you have nowhere else to go, then you can join me. I am putting together a crew to set sail across the Mediterranean; adventure and glory await. Are you up to the task?"

Upon hearing this, Elfrun had a glimmer in her eyes; the offer enticed her, and as such, she swallowed her tears before nodding with firm resolve. Such a fate was better than lying around in Kufstein waiting to be sold off to another man.

"Aye..."

With that said, Honoria had gotten her first crew member, she just needed a few dozen more, and she would have a full-sized crew to man her future Sloop of War. Of course, training these wenches to be an effective Privateer Crew was another story entirely.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 275: Conspiring against the Conspirators
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After eating breakfast with the Sultan of Granada, Berengar took his morning bath. Though the bathhouse in the Castle of Granada was better than most, it still failed to compare to the elaborate design that Berengar had made for himself.

However, it was enough to get the job done, and after finishing his bath, Berengar got dressed in his extravagant attire before regrouping with Adela. The young woman looked visibly stressed as if she had been contemplating what actions to take during the entirety of her sleep.

Nevertheless, Berengar grabbed ahold of his little fiancee and shoved her into his arms as he stroked her silky golden hair. The girl had just left her quarters before running into Berengar, and as such, she was curious about the intelligence Berengar could collect in the previous night.

As such, she looked around cautiously to make sure nobody else was nearby before asking the question in her mind in a calm voice.

"What did you find out?"

Berengar nuzzled his cheek against her to put on a show of affection. If anyone were secretly watching their moves, they would think the two were embracing each other like a couple usually did. After getting close to her ears, he whispered to his little fiancee.

"It is worse than we thought, Yusuf the younger brother of Hasan, and at least three of his ministers are involved in a plot to assassinate the Sultan and pin the blame onto us. They intend to create a theocratic Caliphate here in Grenada."

Though Adela was shocked to hear this, she played the part of a fiancee who was being doted on by her future husband, and as such, she did not make any facial expressions to indicate her true feelings.

"When do they plan to do it?"

Berengar danced around with Adela slightly as he kissed her forehead before speaking further about the plans.

"Tonight at Dinner, they intend to poison Hasan's drink. The cupbearer is part of the conspiracy. I have already dispatched my agents to gather more intelligence; we can not allow this to unfold."

After saying this, Berengar broke away from the long hug and held onto Adela's hand tightly while acting as if they were not just conspiring.

"Well, my love, I think it is time for you to get some breakfast. I have already eaten with the Sultan, but I will accompany you anyway."

With this, Adela nodded and followed Berengar to the Dining Hall, where the rest of Hasan's dynasty were busy eating breakfast. As for Berengar, he silently observed the discussions that were taking place at the table.

After a while, the meal was over, and Adela and Berengar were free to return to their business. Berengar searched for the Sultan and eventually found him in his study once more. As such, Berengar decided to investigate whether Hasan knew he was being conspired against. Thus, he shut the door behind him as he began to question the young Sultan in a not too obvious way.

Berengar had brought his translator with him, though the topic they would be discussing was confidential, the man who Berengar used as a translator was from his own court, and was someone Berengar could trust with critical information. As such he began to speak with Hasan while his words were translated into Arabic.

"Pardon me if it is not my place, but I get the feeling that some of your ministers are not exactly welcome to the idea of me staying here..."

When Hasan heard this, he began to frown, not over Berengar's choice of words, but because Berengar was correct when he said that; as such, he sighed heavily before resting his face in his hands. It was only after a few moments that Hasan began to speak.

"My brother is a deeply religious person and is foolish enough to believe that the Imams should run the state. I do not know where he got such beliefs.

What I know is that he is deeply disturbed by our family's more secular nature as rulers. Thus, he has been conspiring with my more fanatical advisors for some time. I fear eventually they will make an attempt on my life.

I am sorry to trouble you with such things. I suppose you also must have a hard time at home; after all, you are one of the figureheads of the German Reformation, and there must be diehard Catholics who surround and scheme against you..."

Berengar sat in front of the man and took out a flask from his pocket and took a sip from it. The Sultan eyed the flask thoughtfully as Berengar did so; seeing the hopeful expression on the man's face, Berengar plugged the flask and tossed it over to him before explaining its contents.

"It is a fortified wine; we make it in Southern Tyrol. It has become one of my favorite drinks."

The man quickly took off the flask's cap before smelling it; after doing so, he had a taste; when he did so, his eyes began to shine with excitement before he took another swig. After drinking his fill, he handed the flask back to Berengar, which was half empty, and Berengar merely chuckled in response.

"You like it, huh?"

To this, the Sultan nodded his head before sighing heavily.

"It is a damn shame I can't drink openly; the more faithful of my followers would become disgruntled if they saw me doing such a thing..."

In response to this, Berengar took another swig before addressing the Sultan's previous concerns.

"I can't say I had issues with fanatical Catholics in my ranks. I did a thorough purge of such people during my rise to power. They were removed from their positions of power and replaced with like-minded people.

If what you say is true, the Fanatics in your Court are already plotting your death. I would be careful if I were you; anyone who remotely disfavors your secular nature could be a threat. Tell me, who in your Court would you label as a fanatic?"

Hasan thought about it for a few moments before he came to a sudden realization. Among all of the members of his Court, few looked fondly upon his secular rule; most of them were religious fundamentalists. As such, he quickly began to write down a list of potential suspects and their occupations.

Among the members listed were his brother, most of his advisors, his cupbearer, his cooks, and even two of his wives. He began to become filled with paranoia as he thought about these people as potential assassins.

Eventually, Hasan looked up at Berengar with a look of panic in his eyes, which slowly began to turn into a look of terror.

"What do I do? Any one of these people who are close to me could be a potential assassin!?!"

Berengar's lips began to curve into a wicked smile as he began to fill the Young Sultan with ideas of tyranny. As such, he took a sip from the flask once more before speaking the thoughts on his mind.

"Anyone, no matter what their relation to you, who is a potential threat should be removed from any position where they could endanger your life. Your cupbearer, for example, I see you have listed him as a potential threat. What if tonight is the night he slips poison into your chalice?

Several of your cooks are listed as well; they could easily poison your food without you realizing it. Your Marshal? He can rally religious fundamentalists in your army to attack you personally. The captain of your house guard? He can turn them against you at any time.

What you need to do is remove these people immediately while surrounding yourself with allies. I do not mean to suggest surrounding yourself with sycophants who tell you what you want to hear; they are equally dangerous. You need people to support you, people who share your vision.

There must be some people in your Court who believe in your cause. I find it hard to believe that your father could rule for so long as a secular ruler without being assassinated if everyone in this Kingdom is a religious fundamentalist like you have surrounded yourself with.

You should make a list of your loyal followers, men who would kill and die for you, and have them remove every person on this list tonight at dinner. If necessary, do not be afraid to shed blood. Do not partake of the food or drink until you have secured your position. That is my suggestion."

Hasan took Berengar's words to heart but did not immediately proceed to implement them into action; instead, he looked at Berengar with a gaze of confusion before asking the question on his mind.

"Why are you willing to help me to such a degree, we barely know each other, and we come from two different worlds."

Berengar's expression sank to one of pure coldness as he addressed the young Sultan over his concerns.

"I have seen men of every denomination kill and die in the name of their religion. These men should never be afforded a position of power; it only brings death and destruction to every poor soul caught in their wake.

Though I have not known you for long, I can tell you are a man capable of bringing your people into a new golden age, one where a man isn't persecuted by the faithful because he views the world through a different lens than religion.

The path to power is filled with the corpses of your enemies. If you do not have the stomach to do what is necessary, then one day, the enemies surrounding you will succeed in claiming your life. You asked why I was helping you? You could say it is because I would rather not see the potential of a great man snuffed out by religious fanatics."

With this said, Berengar raised from his seat and approached the door; it was only after he had grasped upon the knob and began to open it that he revealed the last part of his train of thought.

"For the record, I killed my brother when he made an attempt on my life; if only I had done it sooner, I might have saved myself from the loss of my right eye. Learn from my mistake, and spare yourself some suffering..."

After leaving behind his message, Berengar left the Sultan's study and allowed the young man to dwell upon their discussion. Whether or not Hasan would be able to survive the night depended entirely upon how he proceeded with the information Berengar provided him.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 276: Purging the Opposition
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The time had finally come; once more, Hasan had thrown a giant feast to celebrate the arrival of his guests from the East. Those guests, of course, were Berengar and his host. At the same time, Hasan sat at the head of the table with his first wife and his family gathering beside him. Yusuf sat at the other end of the table with his allies nearby.

Berengar and his host were caught between two factions vying for power in the middle of the table. He did not know whether or not Hasan had taken their conversation seriously, but either way, he would be in for a good show tonight.

Berengar had decided to take a gamble and allow the young Sultan to grow as a ruler. Thus aside from having his guard nearby to protect the lives of Adela and himself, Berengar planned to sit back and watch the show.

He was not nervous in the slightest. However, Adela was having a difficult time sitting still. She was filled with anxiety and feared the potential of the Sultan being poisoned, and she and Berengar taking the blame.

Seeing his fiancee getting fidgety, Berengar grabbed ahold of her hand and whispered to her with a voice filled with confidence.

"Relax... Everything is going to be fine."

Upon feeling the warmth of Berengar's hand, Adela began to calm down; she closed her eyes and took a deep breath while gripping Berengar's hand tightly. As time passed, the food was eventually brought to the table, where Berengar and Adela waited for the Muslims to say their prayers.

After that was over, Berengar eyed Hasan with hidden intent; while doing so, the cupbearer was beginning to pour Hasan's wine. Though Berengar had not outright said that the chalice would be poisoned, he heavily implied it. Thus, he hoped that the young Sultan would not be foolish enough to take a drink from it.

After catching Berengar's gaze, Hasan nodded in return which signaled to Berengar that everything was going to be okay. Seeing this, Berengar began to relax his grip on Adela's hand slightly. Instead, he began to drink from the fruit juice which was poured for their consumption.

He knew his glass would not be poisoned; after all, he was the scapegoat the conspirators intended to implicate in their crime. Thus he took a heavy swig before placing the chalice down. After doing so, Hasan tapped his goblet with a spoon gaining everyone's attention before giving a speech.

"I would like to make a toast to our guests from Austria. I see great things happening between our two realms shortly. They have journeyed a long way to help us in our time of need, and as such, I would like to personally thank Duke Berengar for the assistance he has provided me during his stay."

When these words were spoken, Yusuf and his allies looked at each other with troubled gazes; they did not know precisely what Hasan was referring to. However, it did not matter; in the end, Hasan would still be poisoned, and Berengar would take the blame, or so they thought. After saying his piece, Hasan lifted his glass in the air and said the final words of his toast.

"To a new golden age!"

Berengar quickly raised his glass and replied before drinking its contents. As for Hasan, he did not take a drink from the glass and instead placed it on the table, still filled to the brim. In doing so, Yusuf and his allies became alarmed; Hasan was supposed to drink the fruit juice laced with arsenic, yet he had not done so.?As such, Yusuf began to put on the facade of a concerned brother as he asked Hasan the question on his mind.

"Dearest brother, is your stomach upset? Why do you not drink after your toast?"

To this, Hasan merely sneered as he pushed the glass across the table, sliding it over to Yusuf without spilling a drop. After doing so, he gazed at Yusuf with an intimidating glare.

"Brother, prove your loyalty to me and drink from this chalice. After all, if you truly supported me, you would be happy to make sure that I am not about to be poisoned, would you not?"

The moment Hasan said this, Yusuf's eyes opened wide in shock, as did his allies. Yusuf began to protest as he tried not to drink from the chalice that he knew was poisoned.

"I would not dare drink from the Sultan's prized chalice. It would be disrespectful."

In response to this, Hasan smiled cruelly and spoke his mind.

"I am afraid I am going to have to insist."

Immediately after saying this, the young Sultan snapped his fingers; in doing so, the house Guard who were present immediately restrained Yusuf and his allies at the table, as well as the cupbearer who poisoned the drink.

While Yusuf struggled desperately from the grasp of the house guards who held him in place, one of the men loyal to Hasan had a wicked smile on his face as he picked up the poisoned chalice and forced its contents down Yusuf's throat.

Within seconds Yusuf began to foam at the mouth as he broke out into seizures, eventually passing away on the spot. Upon seeing this, the women present started to shriek in horror, including Adela, who was sitting next to Berengar. Berengar, of course, was enjoying the sight as if it were the most entertaining show he had ever watched.

After Yusuf's body collapsed onto the floor, Hasan gave a new decree to the guards present who were loyal to him.

"My brother tried to poison me! The men who sit next to him conspired against my life so that they could usurp my position! Kill them all!"

With this said, the house guards unleashed their blades as they began to slaughter the religious fanatics who comprised Hasan's royal court. Immediately a spear was thrust through the back of the marshal where it protruded through his chest. Blood spilled onto the table as the spymaster gazed in horror at the sight, however before he could react his jugular, and carotid arteries were cut open by another man loyal to the Sultan.

As this was going on, Berengar's guards surrounded him and Adela forming a wall of steel around their master and his fiancee to protect them from the chaos. They wielded their muskets with bayonets affixed in all directions, prepared to kill anyone who decided to harm them.

As for Hasan, he sat down at the table and began to dig into the food; seeing the banquet host taking the first bite, Berengar followed suit. In the middle of the bloodshed, two rulers partook of the meat on the table as if the gruesome sight did not cause the slightest bit of discomfort.

Before long, the guards had cleared the dining hall and had begun to spread through every corner of the castle, killing everyone on the list of names that Hasan had written as a potential assassin within his court. Sounds of steel clashing with steel resounded as the royal guard began to fight among themselves.

Those loyal to Hasan had been alerted of this event beforehand and were adequately armed and prepared for the slaughter. Yusuf and his allies had no way of knowing that Hasan had the guards loyal to them taken off duty for the night and replaced with those loyal to himself. After all, chainmail veils covered all of their faces.

After slaughtering the opposition at the dinner table, the loyal guards proceeded to the rest quarters of the disloyal guards and began to kill them in their sleep. Some had woken up due to the sounds of chaos and prepared themselves, but it was not enough to spare their lives.

While Berengar dined upon the roasted lamb, he commented on the flavor as if the bloodbath transpiring around them was non-existent.

"I will tell you one thing, lamb is the king of all meats, and your chefs know how to prepare it wonderfully!"

Hasan sighed upon hearing this before responding with a dejected expression.

"It is a pity most of my kitchen staff are going to be purged tonight..."

Berengar merely nodded his head upon hearing this and responding in an equally depressing voice.

"It is a pity indeed..."

Adela was in the middle of her seat, freaking out; she had never seen such violence and brutality. It was shocking for her; as she began to panic, Berengar grabbed ahold of her hand and tried to calm her down.

"Relax, sweetheart; everything will be fine!"

Adela unknowingly began to scream at Berengar as she raised from her seat.

"Fine? How can you call this fine!?! How are you so calm in a situation like this?" How can you still eat despite all this bloodshed! I think I am going to be sick..."

After saying this, Adela leaned over and hurled up the contents of her stomach; the sights and smells were too much for her fragile mind to handle. Berengar deeply regretted bringing her along; such a sight was something he never wanted her to witness.

Berengar sat Adela down next to him and began to rub her shoulders as he comforted her. Her gaze was affixed on the floor below, too frightened to look up at the savage display that surrounded her.

"If I had known things would end up like this, I would have never brought you here, Adela; I am truly sorry. However, I am a man who has fought on the front lines of war; this is trivial to compared to what I have witnessed."

While he was comforting Adela, one of Hasan's wives pulled out a dagger from her dress and charged at the young Sultan. However, before she could reach him with her blade, one of Berengar's guards lowered his musket and fired a golf ball-sized hole through her chest, killing her on the spot.

A few of the other guards immediately lowered their rifled muskets as well, presenting a threat to the Sultan's other wives. Upon seeing this, Hasan was shocked he knew some of his wives were among the opposition, but he never thought they would dare kill him. As such, he wiped the sweat from his brow before addressing Berengar.

"Thanks... If not for your warning, or your men, I would have died tonight."

Berengar shook his head; he was still comforting Adela when he spoke to Hasan and thus was relatively calm about the whole thing.

"Not a problem... So I have to ask what happens now?"

As the screams of the slaughter continued in the background, Hasan began to speak of his plans for the future.

"In the upcoming days, I will purge the opposition from my army when only men loyal to me remain among its ranks; we can discuss the military aid you offered. I owe you my life, and a military alliance between our two kingdoms is the least I can do to repay you."

While listening to Hasan's plans, Berengar poured some of his fortified wine into his chalice; after Hasan and was finished speaking, he lifted the goblet in the air and spoke the words.

"A salaam alaikum."

In response to this, Hasan raised his new chalice as well before responding with the phrase

"Wa-Alaikum-Salaam"

the purges of the Kingdom of Granda would go on for a few more days. Thousands of conspirators from every facet of society and those loyal to them would be slaughtered by Hasan as he solidified his power as the Sultan of Granada. After all, not all of the religious fundamentalists who wanted Hasan removed were stationed in Granada.

By the end of this event, Sultan Hasan Al-Fadl would reign supreme in the Emirate of Granada, and in doing so, provided Berengar with a valuable ally in Iberia. With Berengar's interference, the era of Secular Rule in Granada had truly begun.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 277: You are Right, it is Not Meant to Be
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A week had passed since the fateful night where Berengar convinced Hasan to purge his Kingdom of the faction of religious fanatics who intended to overthrow his legitimate and secular government in favor of a theocratic Caliphate.

During this time, Berengar comforted Adela over the overwhelming stress and anxiety she felt during the purge. As a show of thanks to Berengar's support, Hasan had given Berengar a beachside Villa off the coast of Gibraltar. This beachside house was delivered in perpetuity to the von Kufstein Dynasty as a show of friendship.

While Hasan was busy purging the remaining opposition forces within his Kingdom, Berengar watched Adela play on the beach while sipping on a glass filled with fortified wine. For the first time since Berengar had transmigrated to this world, he was finally able to see a pretty girl in a bikini. That's right, knowing that he would be traveling to Iberia, Berengar purposely had a bikini made for Adela.

Because Berengar had yet to develop the process for creating nylon and other synthetic materials, Berengar could only resort to using natural fibers like Hemp. Hemp was breathable and dried quickly; as such, it was a good substitute for nylon when making swimwear. In fact, he was wearing modern-style swim trunks fashioned from the material.

The fresh air of the Mediterranean combined with the fun of the beach had begun to lift Adela's spirit after the brutal slaughter she had witnessed. Considering that a large chunk of the beach was reserved for Berengar and his Dynasty's private use, there was not another person visible for several hundred meters.

Adela's bikini was sapphire in color like her eyes, and she was pretty embarrassed while wearing such little clothing. However, Berengar had assured her it was only natural to wear light clothing on a beach, and considering she did not know any better; she decided to trust him. Which speaking from a modern perspective, this was the truth.

Besides, even if she could not admit it, it was exciting to be alone with Berengar and catch his fancy without any other girls interfering for once. As such, she began to construct a sandcastle on the beach while Berengar watched her with joy.

It was not until some time later that Berengar's fun was interrupted by a messenger on Horseback. He had ridden from Granada to give Berengar a letter. As Berengar opened the letter and read its contents, his smile began to fade, and he nodded at the rider before sending him back to his master. Berengar quickly approached Adela informing her of the business at hand.

"Looks like our little vacation is over. Now is the time to return to Granda and discuss the terms of our newfound alliance with the Sultan."

Upon Hearing this, Adela's eye began to show panic, and Berengar understood why, after witnessing such a horrific scene, Adela had no desire to go back to Granada; the very thought of it could induce panic attacks. As such, he hugged the girl who was beginning to breathe heavily and stroked her golden hair.

"It is fine, you can stay here and enjoy the beach, but I have to go. I will make sure some of my guards stay behind to protect you."

Despite Berengar's kindness, Adela shook her head and steeled her resolve. She responded to Berengar with a look of great determination in her eyes.

"I will not be your burden! You asked me to come with you to ensure that your diplomatic efforts succeed. Even though I can't do much, I can still make sure you remain calm if things get heated. So despite my misgivings, I will accompany you; after all, I am your wife!"

Berengar's jaw nearly fell agape as he heard this; all he could think of in his mind was one simple phrase.

"This girl is too cute!"

With that, he picked Adela up and carried her princess style back to the manor, where they began to separate so that they could change into the appropriate attire. After doing so, they stepped out of the Castle and entered the carriage prepared for them by the Sultan.

After traveling for a few days, they finally arrived in Granada, where Adela had difficulty stepping out of the carriage and into the Castle. Berengar grasped onto her shaking hand as he led her into the Castle; thankfully, any sign of the massacre that had previously taken place here was thoroughly cleaned up, as if it had never happened, allowing Adela to breathe easily.

After traversing through the Castle into the Sultan's great hall Berengar and Adela stood before the Sultan of Granada, who stood up from his seat and approached Berengar while smiling. Hasan grabbed ahold of Berengar and hugged him as if he were a long-lost brother; after a few seconds, he let go of his grasp and began to speak to Berengar about what had happened over the last week.

"My friend! It is great to see you; I can assure you that the fanatics who oppose my rule have been eliminated, there is no threat to my power left within my Emirate, and it is all thanks to your advice. If I did not have you to guide me, I would have been killed on that dreadful night.?I hope the villa was to your liking?"

In response to this, Berengar smiled and clasped the man's shoulder as he nodded his head with a smile on his face.

"It was wonderful; you have a beautiful country, I and I look forward to spending much of my future at the Villa you have provided my family and me!"

Hasan smiled and nodded as he spoke to Berengar.

"Excellent! Excellent! I knew you would enjoy it; again, I am so sorry you had to witness that barbaric display. I assure you, I am taking every precaution to appoint loyal and competent subjects as you have advised. Now we can discuss matters of State without the interference of those fanatics!"

Berengar walked by Hasan's side, and Adela followed behind the two men as they chatted. Berengar fully announced his plans for the future of their two States.

"I will be frank with you, Hasan; within a year, I intend to become fully independent of the Holy Roman Empire, establishing the Kingdom of Austria. The Emperor plots against me, and I can no longer remain loyal to a man who would try to sabotage my people's wealth and happiness over religious differences.

More than anything, I need an ally, someone dependable, someone like-minded, and someone with the potential to grow alongside me. I suggest comprehensive trade agreements between our two kingdoms to expand our wealth further, but more importantly, a powerful military alliance between our two States.

I can supply you with arms, armor, and munitions at a discounted price and even provide you with military advisors for five years so that your troops can become fully equipped with the knowledge and resources to defeat your enemies.

In return, all that I ask is that if I ever come into a situation where I am incapable of defending my borders by myself, that you aid me. In return for this, I promise to do the same for you, my friend."

When Hasan heard this, he was pretty shocked. Berengar was making quite a large request of the Sultan. However, the Sultan also knew that Berengar's armies were among the best in Europe. As such, he was interested in the offer and thus voiced his concerns on the matter.

"When you say you will provide me with arms, armor, and munitions, I assume you are not referring to the ones that your army utilizes."

Berengar began to chuckle as he heard this and responded honestly.

"You would be correct; I won't lie to you; I intend to maintain the stranglehold I have over advanced military technology. However, what I can do is provide you with the arms, armor, munitions, and tactics I have sold to the Byzantines."

Hasan's interest grew further when he heard this. What Berengar had offered him was a far better deal than what Berengar gave the Hussites. While Berengar officially had no ties to the Hussites, Hasan was not foolish enough to believe Berengar was innocent of what he proclaimed himself regarding the war in Bohemia.

The fact that Berengar was willing to provide the same level of assistance to Hasan that he offered to the Byzantines proved that the young Duke was sincere about the alliance with Granada. After all, the Byzantines had begun to make significant advances into Egypt and Lybia throughout the last year, mainly due to Berengar's equipment.

After hearing this, Hasan sighed and voiced his concerns over the arrangement.

"Normally, an alliance like this is sealed with marriage..."

Before Berengar could allow Hasan to finish the statement, he interjected.

"Don't even think about it. I already have three women; if I add another one, I am almost certain at least one of my girls will kill me in my sleep!"

Hasan began to chuckle at this response and gazed over at Adela, who was pouting silently to Berengar's words. There was no denying it; the fury in her eyes showed that two other girls were already her limit as the main wife. Adela outright refused to allow Berengar to take in some Moorish whore as yet another bride to be.

Seeing the terrifying look on Adela's cute little face, Hasan clasped Berengar's shoulder and sighed.

"You have my sympathies, my friend; I too know what it is like to have one of your wives make an attempt on your life. Fine, forget what I said; since I owe you my life, this request of a comprehensive alliance between our two realms is a small thing to ask. We will draft a mutually beneficial treaty for our people, and I will be more than happy to sign it! It is just a shame..."

Berengar was smiling throughout Hasan's response, but when he heard that last part, it made him instinctively curious, and as such, Berengar asked the question on his mind.

"What is?"

Hasan chuckled as he heard this before replying.

"My little sister is quite beautiful and in need of a husband. Oh well, I guess it is not meant to be..."

Hearing this, Berengar nearly cursed under his breath, but he felt the murderous gaze of Adela watching over his every move and thus sighed instead.

"You are right; it is not meant to be..."

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 278: The Kings Sorrows
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Aubry was back at the Palace in Paris; his father, King Gilles de Valois of France, was currently in the process of scolding the errant Prince. For the past year, Aubry had been fighting alongside one of his lovers, the Duke of Burgundy, against the English invasion.

Rumors began to spread of the Holy Maiden of France, and they had inspired a fighting spirit within the French people. As such, the French had started to make significant gains; that is until now. The Duke of Burgundy had made a shocking announcement on this day. He would be seceding from France and pledging his support to the English Crown.

Few knew the actual reason for him doing so, and it had begun to cause speculation within the French Royal Court as to why the Duke would suddenly turn sides despite the French beginning to gain the upper hand in the conflict.

The reason for this was quite simple, the Duke of Burgundy found out that Prince Aubry was cheating on him with a total of four other lovers, feeling betrayed and outraged that the young man he had pledged his love to was such a filthy slut, the Duke of Burgundy declared open rebellion against the French Crown.

Because of this, France had once more begun to enter into a state of defeat, as they were now being attacked on both sides by their enemies, splitting their armies in two to combat the new threat from within.

Gilles was one of the few men aware of the reasoning for the Duke of Burgundy's betrayal, and he only had one person he could blame. That being His errant son who liked to dress up as a woman and get rammed by other men. Seeing his son kneeling before him, who looked prettier than his daughter, caused Gilles to spit upon the youth in disgust.

"Your degeneracy truly knows no bounds, my son. I would have thought that you learned your lesson by now, but you can't behave yourself, can you?"

Aubry had a calm expression; he had been in this situation many times before, and as such, was well aware that his father's punishment would never be too severe. Thus he merely sat there stoically waiting for his father's critique of his behavior to end.

"Do you not have anything to say for yourself? Are you not sorry for the damage your actions have caused? The lives that have been lost? Do you have any idea what you have done to this Kingdom!?!"

With each question the King asked, his tone of voice grew more furious, and so too did it become louder. Still, Aubry did not speak a word while being scolded in such an outrageous manner. Sibilla, on the other hand, gazed at Aubry from the other side of the chamber. She was Aubry's elder sister and the only Princess of France.

Though nobody knew it, it was precisely her fault that Aubry turned into a crossdressing freak. She had always been envious of Aubry's natural beauty, even when they were children, and as such, she had spent a great deal of time dressing Aubry up in girl's clothes and putting makeup on him.

Eventually, such behavior influenced the boy into the young man he had become. Even she was amazed at the body count Aubry had behind him. Princess Sibilla was by no means pure, despite being unmarried, but she was far from as experienced as Aubry was.

Such a thing was another point of contention in her heart, as more than once, guys she wanted to get with passed her by so they could sleep with her crossdressing little brother. After all of this, Aubry was somehow labeled the Holy Maiden of France and caused such a huge fiasco.

She was both impressed and envious of Aubry's talents in attracting men. As such, she merely sat by and watched with glee as her younger brother was scolded for his lecherous actions that had led to the Duke of Burgundy acting in rebellion.

Eventually, the King sighed heavily before calming himself down. He rested his head within his hands before coming to a decision.

"I have no choice but to send you to the frontlines again, you will bring back the head of your former lover, or you will never be allowed to return to this Palace. Do I make myself understood?"

Aubry snickered as he heard this lenient sentence for his crimes and responded to his father like an obedient child.

"Yes, daddy..."

The King's skin instantly crawled when he heard this; every time his son referred to him in such a manner, it made him want to cut his own ears off. Aubry needed to be taught a proper lesson, but he simply did not have the heart to be so cruel.

Aubry raised from his position and left the Great Hall, leaving the King alone with his only daughter. Sibilla immediately began to chastise her father for being so lenient with Aubry.

"Tsk...tsk...tsk... The King of France is being lenient on his children once again. Do you ever wonder if that's the reason we all turned out so sinful?"

The moment she said this, the King's expression worsened as he heard his equally as disappointing daughter enter the fray. As such, he responded with a weary face.

"Sibilla, my only daughter, don't you have something better to do? For example, you could be skinning a puppy or pushing a baker's son into the oven at this very moment. Anything other than giving this old man even greater heartache."

Sibilla immediately began to protest as she heard this

"Ughh, You push the baker's son into an oven one time, and you never live it down! No father, I do not have anything better to do at the moment besides watch you slap Aubry on the wrist for causing the Duke of Burgundy to rebel against you!"

The King immediately began to fire back at Sibilla's response as he began to chastise her as well.

"Don't even get started with me, young lady! You have caused your fair share of internal rebellion! Remember the time you caused the Duchy of Aquitaine to side with the English because you nailed the Duke's scrotum to his bedframe!"

As Sibilla heard this, she began to giggle wickedly; she had completely forgotten about the incident and began to mock the events.

"Oh yeah! I forgot about that. Of course, it was his fault, he told me I couldn't make him cry in bed, and I took that as a challenge!"

The King of France began to sigh once more as he heard his daughter's reasoning for her actions. Sometimes he swore that God was punishing him by giving him, such wicked children. Aubry was a lustful crossdresser, and Sibella was a violent psychopath. His other two children were not much better, one was a lazy glutton, and the other was a greedy coward.

He could swear that if he ended up having seven children, they would each be the personification of at least one of the seven deadly sins. He had no idea how his children turned out so horrible; maybe Sibilla was right, perhaps he was a terrible father who allowed them to get away with too much mischief.

As he thought about such things, Sibilla began to laugh once more before speaking the thoughts on her mind.

"Do you actually trust Aubry to lead an army against the Duke of Burgundy? I mean, he will probably just end up sleeping with all of his Knights. To think that the legendary Holy Maiden of France is nothing more than a perverted prince! It is hilarious, isn't it?"

At this point, the King had suffered enough of his daughter's torment and got up from his seat before slapping her across the face.

"Get out of my sight!"

In response to this, Sibilla snarled at the King as if she were some wild beast before turning away and walking towards her room, leaving the King of France alone on his throne, thinking about how he had managed to screw up so much as a father, and as a King.

Aside from his wayward children, there were several other things that the King had been lamenting as of late. The war against England would not be ending any time soon, and none of his children were up to the task of leading the armies against the invaders. His most excellent General had just turned against him because of his son's scandalous actions, and now he was left with a war on Three fronts.

The English invaded from the North and the Southwest, and now he had to fight the Burgundians in the Southeast. Things did not look like they could get much worse. He knew that when the English King heard about this latest betrayal, he would be laughing up a storm at the misery and humiliation that the French Royal Dynasty had suffered on this day.

As such, the French King had turned to his most recent pastime, the method that most depressed people used to get through the day. Thus the French King poured himself a chalice filled with wine and began to drink his sorrows away.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 279: Alliance of Gibraltar
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the moment, Berengar and Hasan were sitting across from each other in the middle of the Villa that had been given to Berengar. The two men had a scribe draft up a copy of the alliance agreement that was to take effect between the two Realms.

Berengar and Hasan sat for several hours and debated the clauses and stipulations added to the treaty. By the time the sun began to set, the document was drafted in its final state and was fully agreed on between the two parties. After several re-readings to ensure that everything was one hundred percent correct, the two men signed it into effect.

This was more than a mutual defensive pact; what the two rulers signed would later become known as the Alliance of Gibraltar. This treaty stipulated several essential factors, one of them guaranteeing independence between the two realms.

The other portions of the treaty included a mutual defense pact, and a comprehensive trade agreement, to ensure the prosperity of both nations. After it was signed into law, Berengar had done the unthinkable. A Christian Duke had established a long-term alliance with a Muslim Emirate.

As part of the trade agreement, Berengar would supply the Emirate of Granada with arms, armor, and munitions at a discounted price of 25%. It was a better deal than he was giving the Byzantines, and though Hasan was not aware of this, he did suspect it.

Berengar's reasoning for this was simple, the Byzantine Empire was mighty enough without his weapons and could be a bulwark against his enemies. In comparison, Granada was pretty weak, and as such, Berengar had to bolster their strength as quickly as possible if they were going to prove to be a menace to their Catholic neighbors when the time for it was needed.

After signing the defensive pact, Berengar pulled out a bottle of fortified wine and opened it on the spot, pouring it into a pair of crystal glasses. Though Hasan had previously seen such prominent glassware in the market, as Berengar had already begun trading in Granada, he did not own a set himself.

After swirling the red liquid in his cup for a few moments, Berengar sniffed the aroma that the alcoholic beverage provided before taking a sip from it. He swirled it around his tongue for a few moments before swallowing it and exhaling as he did so.

"Wine does not get better than this..."

Hasan began to drink from his glass similarly; he seemed to enjoy the product. As he swallowed from the cup's contents, he exhaled before exclaiming the thoughts in his mind.

"I trust that this wine will be included in our trade agreement."

Upon hearing this, Berengar broke out into laughter and made a jest towards his new friend.

"Of course! Though I doubt it will sell well in Granada. After all, it is forbidden in your holy book to drink alcohol."

Hasan also began to chuckle as he heard Berengar's comment. However, he knew that there were still plenty of men who drank wine, and as such, he decided to inform Berengar of this.

"That is true, and most people adhere to such strict principles. However, there are still quite a few among us who love the taste of wine. I assure you, those noblemen who care for such things will pay a premium to get their hands on this."

After hearing this, Berengar nodded before drinking from his glass once more; after he finished sipping on the fortified wine, he agreed to sell the product in Granada.

"Well, if that is the case, I will have no problem selling you this wine. Of course, I have plenty of other types of alcohol if you are interested, some are even stronger than this...:

After Hasan heard this, his eyes nearly jumped out of his sockets; this was already stronger than any drink he had ever tasted, at least in terms of alcohol content. He had trouble believing Berengar's words.

However, the next moment Berengar pulled out a small bottle filled with an amber substance; it was some of the whiskey he had been distilling in Kufstein for some time now. After pouring the beverage into a small shot glass, he downed it in one go. Berengar proceeded to directly pour another one for Hasan with a cruel smile on his face.

However, Hasan did not know what Berengar was planning and instead was looking at Berengar as if he were an idiot. When he saw the minuscule amount of liquid Bernegar had provided him, he could not help but be offended.

"My friend, is this a joke, or are you just being stingy?"

As Berengar heard this, he had a wicked grin on his face as he challenged Hasan to drink it whole.

"If you can drink everything in that small glass in one go without choking, I will give you five whole bottles for free; how about that?"

Seeing Berengar just downed the contents of the small glass as if it were nothing, Hasan felt pretty confident, and as such, he smiled at Berengar before grabbing ahold of the shot glass and dumping the contents down his throat.

The moment he did, he instantly regretted it as he felt all of the cells in his mouth immediately dehydrate. As Hasan choked on the liquid for several moments, Berengar laughed and clapped in the background.

While the two men were having a foolish bet, Adela was down on the beach below, playing with the crabs on the beach. Berengar occasionally watched her do so, and he was not the only one. Hasan was surprised that she was wearing so little clothing.

After all, she was dressed in the hemp bikini Berengar had made for her, and as such, the young Sultan was attracted to her. Noticing his Hasan's gaze, Berengar snapped him out of it with a sharp response.

"Don't even think about it..."

Hearing the chilling tone in Berengar's voice, the slightly intoxicated Sultan realized he had done wrong and apologized.

"I am sorry, it must be the alcohol; that is some wildly strong shit! Still, I have to ask, why do you let your woman dress in so little clothing?"

Berengar merely laughed at this comment as he responded to Hasan's inquiry.

"Because I enjoy the sight. Also, she's on the beach. What else is she supposed to wear? There are few better sights in this world than a pretty girl in a bikini!"

Hasan had no idea what a bikini was, but he could guess by the context of Berengar's statement that it was the item of clothing that Adela was wearing. As such, he thought of a brilliant idea.

"How much for these bikinis? I want some for my wives!"

Berengar chuckled in response to this; few men could resist the allure of a pretty girl in a bikini; as such, Berengar decided to do Hasan a favor.

"Send me your wives' measurements, and I will be happy to get a few of them made for your women. I will send them with the next shipment to Granda for no extra charge."

Hasan immediately began to smile as he decided to drink more whiskey. He could already imagine what his beautiful wives would look like in such little attire.

After drinking for a while longer, Berengar and Adela began to see Hasan off. The man was reasonably intoxicated at this point and looked at Berengar with fondness.

"Until we meet again, my friend, it is just a shame you have to return to your home so soon!"

Berengar nodded and sighed.

"I enjoyed the time we spent together; I look forward to your future visit to my homeland. When you arrive, I can show off all of our cuisines; I am sure you will enjoy it."

With that said, Hasan got into his carriage and began his journey back to his home in Granada. As for Berengar and Adela, they would be sailing back to Kufstein in the following morning. As such, Berengar wanted to spend a little bit more time with his fiancee.

Berengar grabbed ahold of Adela's dainty hand and led her down to the beach. Where the couple walked along the soft sand barefoot while gazing up at the moon and the stars above, Berengar had a lot to say on his mind to the girl before they returned home, and would not see each other for some time, thus Berengar immediately stopped turned around, and looked Adela in the eyes while conveying his thoughts.

"I am sorry..."

Adela was slightly confused when she heard this, and as such, she asked for clarification.

"For what?"

Berengar sighed heavily before revealing the regrets he had contained deep within his heart since the first time he cheated on his little fiancee.

"For starters, I am sorry I am such a piece of shit. We were engaged and set to be a happy couple, and like every relationship I have ever had with another person, I had to fuck it up. I couldn't keep my urges to myself, and I slept with Linde, then I lied to you repeatedly about it.

When my lies were finally exposed, you stuck beside me, and I ended up repaying your kindness by taking in another girl before I ever had the chance to be with you. I know it doesn't change anything; I have to take responsibility for my actions after all. I just wanted you to know that I am sorry for treating you so poorly and forcing you to go along with my selfish desires."

Adela looked at Berengar with a complicated gaze; she took this statement as Berengar's way of admitting he had already slept with Honoria, which she did not know about until now. As such, she looked away from Berengar before asking the question on her mind.

"Berengar, be honest with me; why did you take me on this trip? You seemed to have handled everything on your own the entire time..."

Berengar sighed before gazing off into the moonlight; after doing so for a few moments, he smiled bitterly before revealing his thought process on the matter.

"I wanted to spend some quality time with you. Since you departed from Kufstein, I have not spent as much time with you as I would have liked. I honestly had no idea we would be caught in a conspiracy and have to witness such horrific scenes. I am sorry for that as well; if I had known such a thing would have happened, I never would have brought you here."

Adela sighed heavily before lying down on the beach and staring up at the stars. Berengar took the hint and lay down next to her, where Adela grabbed ahold of his hand and said with a bitter smile on her face.

"One more year... Just one more year, and we can finally get married..."

Berengar could see the tiny tear forming in the girl's sapphire eyes as she said this, and as such, he forced a smile upon his face as he spoke the truth.

"I look forward to it!"

After saying that, the couple had a long conversation on the beach; What exactly was said on that fateful night has been lost to history. However, one thing was certain the relationship between Adela and Bernegar improved afterward.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 280: Gods Gift to the World
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Weeks had passed since Berengar returned to Kufstein, and during this time, he had been focused on expanding his naval capacity. Compared to the Venetian Arsenal, he still lacked output, even though he had three shipyards equal in scale, if not more significant.

The reason for this was simple, a lack of experience on the part of the workers who created the ships from the prefabricated components. The Venetians had centuries of experience building vessels, and as such, they could crank out a single ship every day.

Whether or not they could manufacture the cannons necessary to equip these vessels was another story. After all, they were using relatively small-bore primitive bronze cannons at this point. Bronze is a much rarer material than Iron, and of course, more expensive. The Venetian warships also lacked broadside cannons, with their armaments exclusively being located at the fore and aft positions.

Compared to the Venetian Arsenal, Berengar's shipyards in Trieste and Pola, dedicated to Naval Armament, were only capable of producing one ship every four days. However, these ships were fifth-rate frigates with a total of forty-four 24 lb cannons on board. As such, his Navy began to expand rapidly in terms of the number of vessels available, and thus Berengar had to boost recruitment efforts towards his Navy.

As for his Merchant fleet, it was also growing rapidly, with one clipper being built every three days. While Naval power was necessary to secure his dominion over the region, a properly established merchant fleet was necessary to establish trade across the Mediterranean.

At the moment, Berengar's Grand Army was 50,000 strong and was the most well-equipped and trained army in all of Europe. However, his Navy severely lacked comparison, with only 10,000 recruits over the past year, which was barely enough to field 45 vessels.

At the moment, Berengar was in the middle of implementing an essential resource to his Naval Vessels. He was honestly surprised that he had not thought of such a thing before. His vessels were currently using inferior hemp rope, and he was planning to improve it with superior manila rope when he reached the Philipines, much like how the Spanish had done in his previous life.

However, Berengar came to a sudden realization that he had a far more valuable resource and a vast stockpile of it that could be utilized in the manufacture of rope for sailing vessels. This material was, of course, high carbon steel.

Beginning in the 1830s of Berengar's previous life, steel wire rope had started to replace the traditional manila rope used by most sailing vessels. The reason for this was that steel wire rope was superior in strength, durability, and flexibility compared to textile rope.

Due to the advancements in steel-making technology and the massive supply the Europeans were able to produce during this time; they used such materials to improve the rigging of their sailing vessels.

As such, Berengar had begun to place an order to construct high carbon galvanized steel wire where it would be converted into ropes for sailing and replace the existing hemp ropes that were used on what few vessels Berengar had available.

It was best to make these innovations as early as possible. As such, Berengar had begun to implement them for all new vessels in the future; he also planned to convert the ropes on the existing ships as quickly as he could manage.

After drafting the designs and sending them to his industrial district within Trieste via a courier, Berengar sat back and relaxed in his dining hall. Just when he was about to sip some tea, he received some shocking news from one of his servants who had appeared before him.

"Your grace, Sir Andronikos of the Byzantine Empire is here to speak with you..."

Upon hearing this, Berengar sighed before getting up from his seat and approaching the great hall, leaving behind his tea in the process. When Berengar arrived, the man from the east had a broad smile on his face as he greeted the young Duke of Austria.

"Your grace, it is good to see that you are well!"

Berengar put on a smile as he greeted the man who had long since become his primary means of trade with the East since Arethas had become engaged in his campaign for North Africa.

"And you as well, my friend, tell me how is the war effort going in Egypt and Lybia?"

Andronikos sighed as he heard this question and revealed the results of the ongoing campaign.

"For the most part, it is going well; we have seized a quarter of Egypt and Libya and are currently expanding forward. However, the Knights Hospitaller, who has supported us for some time, has begun to withdraw.

Those fanatics realized that we were being supplied by Austria and immediately became offended. Stating it was either you or them, we chose your support. Seeing as your weapons are superior to the men they provide for the war effort."

Berengar chuckled at this comment before shifting the conversation to the issue at hand.

"Tell me, Andronikos, why are you here in Kufstein?"

The Byzantine man smiled before pulling out a ceramic jar; he revealed the contents within after opening it. Berengar was shocked when he saw what was inside the container. Small dark brown beans that Berengar instantly recognized.

The young Duke's eyes grew wide with excitement when he saw what was in front of him; as such, he grabbed ahold of one of the beans and sniffed it to make sure he was not dreaming. What Andronikos had brought him was something he had desired since he arrived in this world; it was none other than coffee!

As such, Berengar immediately inquired about where Andronikos had gotten such a thing.

"Tell me, my friend, where did you get this?"

Andronikos was surprised that Berengar asked where he obtained the coffee beans, not what they were; nevertheless, he began to inform Berengar of his recent discovery.

"Not long ago, I was invited to Ethiopia by one of the local noblemen; when I arrived, I was served this bitter tea, except it wasn't tea, and it provided substantial benefits such as an increase in energy and focus. The Ethiopians explained to me that this is God's gift to the world, and they call it coffee!

Naturally, I bought an ample supply of it, and the first thing I thought of when I returned home was the potential that such a product has. While we in the Empire have access to the trade routes in the Mediterranean, it would be difficult for us to sell the substance further into Europe.

As such, I thought of a trading partner with a significant deal of reach further inland, and immediately your name came to mind.? Allow me to brew a drink for you to see for yourself how excellent this product is. If you enjoy it and think it has as much potential as I do, we can discuss importing it into Kufstein, where you can resell it to the rest of Europe!"

Berengar naturally accepted his offer and led the man to the kitchen, where he ground the beans into a fine powder before boiling water and adding it through the filter to create a cup of coffee. Berengar tasted the bitter black substance with a smile on his face while nodding his head.

"It is wonderful, but don't you think it would taste better with something added to it? Maybe some milk and sugar?"

Andronikos had not thought about this, and as such, was interested in the topic. Therefore Berengar made a mixture of the coffee with milk and sugar added to it before handing a cup to Andronikos. After the man sipped from the ceramic cup, his eyes widened, and a giant smile formed on his face.

"This tastes so much better than the coffee by itself! Your grace, you are a genius!"

After hearing this, Berengar merely smiled in silence and drank from his cup of coffee. Finally, he had acquired one of the many things he missed from his previous life in the twenty-first century.? After the two men had drunk their fair share of coffee, Berengar began to speak to Andronikos about his decision.

"I will buy as much of the material as you can give me, and I would be more than happy to sell it across Austria and the neighboring regions. Considering your lack in trade routes to the North, the two of us combined can sell this fine substance across all of Europe and make a major profit off of it!"

After hearing this, Andronikos smiled; the remaining details about what the cost was for importing the coffee and what Berengar would resell it at was negotiated over a breakfast, where Berengar and Andronikos introduced coffee to Linde, Honoria, and Henrietta, all three of which fell in love with the drink.

With milk and sugar added to the mix, coffee would become a desirable commodity within Europe in due time; both Austria and the Byzantine Empire would make a fortune off of the monopoly they would establish over the substance. After all, few in Europe had contact with Ethiopia and were unaware of where the strange drink originated from.

Berengar was delighted to know that by supplying the Byzantines with arms in this timeline, they were capable of recapturing large swaths of Egypt and Lybia, where they immediately took advantage of the newly gained territory to send trade expeditions into Africa, in doing so bringing Coffee to Europe over a century earlier than it had been done in his previous life's history.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 281: War of Attrition
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eckhard gazed upon the remains of the battlefield; corpses littered the valley, belonging to both sides of the conflict in the thousands. Hussites and Catholics alike lie dead for the sake of their religious convictions. The battle was bloody and brutal, yet in the end, the Hussites had won.

During this last year of conflict, the violence that had occurred in Bohemia was on a scale truly fitting of a religious civil war. Eckhard as the chief military advisor tasked with providing support to the Hussites, had witnessed the cruelty of man at its full scale, and for what? Minor religious differences? The sheer level of savagery committed by both sides of the conflict was enough for a man to question his faith.

Did God genuinely desire such death and destruction in his name? Probably not, but if the idea of such actions reviled him, why did he permit it? These were thoughts going through the field marshal's head as he stood by his lonesome, observing the despair that resulted from the chaotic battle. Eckhard sighed heavily as he voiced his innermost thoughts on the issue.

"I have seen enough of death and destruction in my lifetime..."

Despite saying this, the veteran Field Marshal would continue his duties serving as Berengar's lead General, for war was an inevitable result of man's actions. It was also the only thing the man was any good at.

After praying for the souls of the fallen, Eckhard returned to the other officers of the Grand Army of Austria who had accompanied him during the Hussite campaign. Berengar's strategy had been to stall the conflict for as long as possible and dragged as many Catholics to their deaths to delay the upcoming crusade against the Berengar Heresy.

Eckhard did not disappoint on this matter; he advised the Hussites to slow down their forces and consolidate their gains over the past year. As such, the Hussites had less land than they could have seized. However, these lands were well fortified and defended.

Several months ago, the pope declared a Crusade against the Hussites because they were becoming increasingly close to overall victory. As such, the Crusading Orders of the world had gathered what few men they could spare to put down the Hussite Heresy before they could cause any further damage.

Among these Catholic military orders was the Bohemian Order of the Dragon, which had made a name for itself for the sheer acts of brutality they engaged in against the Hussites, and especially the people who supported them.

At the moment, the banner of the Order lay tattered and broken alongside the thousands of corpses of their fallen soldiers. The Hussite force had thoroughly crushed the latter under the guidance of Eckhard and his military advisors.

Eckhard gazed upon the once proud banner of the Chivalric Order who had lost their lives in battle, particularly that of the Grand Master whose lifeless eyes gazed towards the heavens as blood dripped from his mouth onto his beard.

In this single battle, the main force of the Order of the Dragon was crushed, snuffed out before they could make a name for themselves like the outstanding orders established centuries ago. Despite this, Eckhard knew this would not be the end of Bohemian Knights.

The Order of the Dragon was not to be confused with the Welsh Order of the Red Dragon, which the Vatican recently established to counteract the Berengar Heresy. This was a much older Chivalric Order found in Bohemia, Hungary, and Wallachia.

They would return in time with more significant numbers to attack the Hussites; Eckhard was sure of this. After taking one last glance at the blood and bile that filled the field, Eckhard shifted his attention to his officers nearby before speaking to them with a voice filled with determination.

"This is just one of many battles that await us; this war will not end any time soon. Steel yourselves, for we have much work to do."

After saying that, Eckhard approached the command tent where Alexej and the other Hussite leaders were gathered. Having stepped inside the dwelling, the Hussite leaders glanced over at Eckhard. They held much respect for the Austrian Field Marshal; after all, if not for him and his officers, they could have suffered substantially more casualties throughout this war.

The leaders of the Hussites who were standing in the tent were encircled around a table filled with a map of Bohemia and the forces that represented both sides. Under Eckhard's guidance, the Hussites had taken a firm defensive stance, and as such, mainly was engaging in battles within their provinces.

At the moment, the Hussites held four out of seven provinces of the Kingdom of Bohemia. Through their best efforts and the advice of Eckhard, the Hussites had gained significant ground. This battle that had just occurred was fought in the fields of Plzeň, where the Hussites had defeated an army of Catholic soldiers.

Plzeň was a region owned by one of the Hussite factions, and the Kasparians had responded to their aid after a Catholic army was spotted in their lands. Through much hardship, a victory was achieved defending the ground, but it came at high costs.

Ultimately, the Kasparian armies arrived and drove their enemies out, slaughtering all who dared to attack the peasants of Plzeň and their farms. Alexej, who had personally led his forces into the fray, was currently displaying the latest report from his scouts about the enemy's movements.

"The main force of the Order of the Dragon has been defeated; they will probably crawl back to Hungary to lick their wounds until they can fight once more. However, news from the other side of the world is troublesome. The Hospitallers have cut off support from the Byzantine armies in Egypt and Libya.

They have withdrawn from their Crusade in North Africa and pledged support to the Catholics in Bohemia. As such, tens of thousands of crusaders now march towards our lands. The army is meant for a single purpose, to destroy our movement and massacre every man, woman, and child they deem to be a heretic!"

Eckhard observed the map closely, with the Hospitaller Knights entering the fray; this meant things would become difficult. They were a large and prestigious order and were also battle-hardened from the decades of warfare in North Africa. He would have to readjust his strategy if such a quantity of Crusaders were to pour into the war.

The veteran field Marshal approached the map and began to shift the pieces around without permission from the others. He moved several wooden pieces that represented Hussite troops into positions near the borders and the various fortifications that guarded them. After doing so, he spoke with determination and authority.

"The Hospitallers have entered Bohemia, which means we will be fighting thousands if not tens of thousands of more men. To put it simply, gaining any further ground is unlikely; what we need to do is defend our borders to the best of our ability and wear down the Catholic's numbers through attrition.

As of now, we are fighting a defensive war! Our best course of action is to maintain the ground we have gained while sending operatives into the enemy territory to sabotage their fields and food stockpiles. It may take months or even years, but sooner or later, the enemy will break their backs against our defenses and starve into submission!"

There was not a single voice of disagreement at the conference. The Hussite commanders were all well aware that the arrival of the hospitallers represented a shift in the balance of power, and as such, fighting on these terms was their best solution.

The war in Bohemia began to take a turn for the worse; the Hussites decided to engage in a series of protracted sieges while meeting the enemy in the fields of their territory to protect their citizens. The Catholics, overzealous and eager for vengeance, would slowly use their newfound strength to push into Hussite lands.

When this war of attrition waged, the Hussites would further import weapons, munitions, and food from Austria, racking up an enormous debt. The larger the debt, the more land Berengar would demand as a form of repayment.

The silver mines of Bohemia were a valuable resource, and as Berengar's economy grew, it also began to stagnate due to a lack of currency. Thus, he needed the mines in Bohemia to stimulate his Nation's growth until he could start his colonization of the new world and Africa.

Unknowingly the Hussites had begun to trap themselves in debt to Austria, in doing so sealing their fates. Berengar had not only sent his advisors to aid the Hussites but to ensure that the Hussites incurred more significant debt, One that could only be repaid with valuable land.

If the Hussites refused to surrender Bohemia to Austria after the war, Berengar would use the debt as a valid casus belli to take what he wanted. To him, the war in Bohemia was of great importance to funding his future campaigns to unify the German people.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 282: Reuniting with an Old Friend
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Since Honoria's escape from Constantinople, Melissa had been staying in Antioch under the name of Vistula Melodia. Throughout this entire time, the Byzantine Royal family was unable to determine her real identity or that she had aided Honoria in her escape.

As such, she made a life for herself in Antioch. Having been given a second chance at life, Melissa did not go back to whoring herself out for a living. Instead, she eventually found herself married to a hardworking carpenter in the city.

Initially, she had spent her days in bliss, her marriage was a happy one at first, and she loved the man who had taken her in when she was down on her luck. However, happiness never truly lasts, and as such, Melissa's husband soon found himself drafted into the armed forces to fight in North Africa.

The meager pay that the man earned in the armies of the Byzantine Empire was sent back to Melissa in Antioch; however, this stipend was barely enough to survive. As such, her life was filled with hardship as she struggled to maintain her lifestyle.

Things turned for the worse as the young woman finally received news that her husband had died in battle; in return, she received nothing other than a body to bury, and with her little savings, she could not afford a proper funeral.

Thus in the act of desperation, she had taken out a loan from some unsavory merchants and used it to cover her husband's funeral expenses. Before long, the loan sharks had come to claim the debt she owed, and when they found out that she could not pay it, they attempted to force her into prostitution once more to clear the debt that she owed.

However, Melissa had promised that she would never degrade herself in such a manner ever again; as such, she packed up what little belongings she could take and made her way out of Antioch, heading to the one place where she knew anyone who could remotely help her.

After months of traveling, Melissa had finally arrived in Kufstein. The moment she entered the city's gates, the woman was astounded that such a magnificent city had been developed in the middle of Austria. A place that was not long ago considered a backwater by the Byzantines.

She could hardly believe her eyes as she walked through the city with her pack slung around her back. The City of Kufstein was unlike anything she thought it would be; it even could be said to rival some of the cities of the Empire.

After searching around some of the local shops in the trade district Melissa spotted the location where she intended to visit. Luckily for her, she could immediately tell her destination because the castle was built upon a hill overlooking the city. After traveling through the city's streets observing all kinds of exciting sights, Melissa finally arrived at the castle's gates.

However, when she finally reached her destination, she was blocked by the Castle Garrison, who prevented her entry into the mighty fortress where the Duke Resided.

"Hold it right there! The Duke is currently not seeing any visitors, so unless you have an invitation, you are not allowed into the castle!"

The moment Melissa heard this, she began to frown; she had been through so much and traveled so far that she felt it was a bit anti-climatic to be denied entry just like this. However, she could not easily get past the garrison, and as such, she began to sigh before turning around. Maybe if she were lucky, she could run into Honoria on the street someday.

Whether it was divine intervention or just random chance, Honoria had been out in the city meeting with her newest acquisitions to her crew and had just begun to return to the castle. The last time Honoria saw the woman known as melissa, she wore a wig and extensive makeup, despite this, the princess could easily identify the woman as they walked past each other

As such, Honoria stopped in her tracks and grabbed ahold of the woman's wrist, scaring her in the process, yet the next moment when Honoria called out her name, the woman realized who it was who had grabbed her and began to calm herself.

"Melissa, is that you? What are you doing here in Kufstein?"

After saying that, Honoria brought the woman into a friendly hug before releasing her. Melissa was quite shocked that she had managed to run into Honoria out of pure chance and struggled to gain her composure.? Eventually, she calmed herself down before voicing her concerns to the young Princess she had helped run away from home.

"Honoria, I need your help..."

Seeing the troubled look in Melissa's eyes, Honoria became worried and grabbed ahold of the woman's hand before dragging her towards the castle with a pretty smile on her face.

"Whatever kind of trouble you are in, I am sure that Berengar can help you!"

When the guards saw the girl return, they were about to lower their rifles in a threatening gesture; however, they immediately pounded their chests in salute to the Duke's lover when they noticed Honoria was by her side.

"Lady Valeria, I am sorry we did not know this woman was your friend! I apologize on behalf of myself and my subordinates for any rudeness we might have shown her..."

Honoria paid no mind to the guard's statements; in her eyes, they were doing their job, keeping away the rabble and threats to the safety of those who dwelled within. As such, she smiled when responding to the men who guarded the castle's gates.

"Think nothing of it! I am certain you were fulfilling the task his grace has given you!"

Seeing the cheery smile on the Princess's face was enough to melt even the most stoic man's icy heart. If there was one thing the guards in Kufstein castle liked to chat about, it was the competition between the two goddesses who stayed by Berengar's side and which of the two women were better.

As such, the guards were just happy to have a conversation with such an angelic beauty and merely nodded their heads in silence, allowing Honoria and Melissa to enter the castle's gates. After entering the structure, Honoria took Melissa to the dining hall, where she ordered the kitchen staff to prepare something for the woman to eat and drink.

The two women sat in silence for some time before the food arrived, and they finally began to discuss the issue at hand. After taking a few bites of the delicious food, Melissa began to break out into tears as she confessed her faults to the Princess.

"I am sorry, Honoria, I just had nowhere else to go!"

Honoria instantly began to comfort the woman by rubbing her back; the two of them discussed the events that Melissa had been through in the past year in length for some time. Afterward, Honoria responded to Melissa with a gentle tone.

"If you need a place to stay, I am sure I can get Berengar to arrange a place for you; if you need a job, there is plenty of work available here in Kufstein! If you need the training to fulfill the job of your desires, that can be provided to you as well. You do not need to worry anymore; here in Kufstein, even women can work if they need to!"

What Honoria had said was true; Women were able to work in Kufstein. However, they were encouraged to get married, stay home, and raise families. The reason for this was simple, Berengar needed massive population growth if he intended to colonize the new world and Africa. There were only so many people in all German-Speaking regions; the number was likely less than 10 million in total.

However, Berengar recognized that there were women in situations where they too needed to work to provide for their families or themselves. As such, Berengar had allowed women to work in various fields, albeit segregated from the male workforce.

When Melissa heard this, she stopped crying and looked at Honoria with a careful gaze. She could hardly believe it. However, the earnest look in Honoria's mint green eyes told the woman all she needed to know about this, and as such, she hugged Honoria before thanking her.

"Thank you! I will appreciate any help you can provide!"

Honoria had reunited with an old friend, and Melissa would begin working in Kufstein soon enough, in a career that did not degrade her, which was all she ever wanted. The two women continued to chat for some time, as Honoria told Melissa all about what had happened during her stay in Kufstein and how she had fallen in love with Berengar.

Melissa was happy to see that life had worked out well for Honoria, and thus the two women became closer; despite this being the second time they had met, they already felt as if they had been friends for life.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 283: Fertility Incentives
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Once more, Berengar was in his study, which was where he spent most of his waking hours when he was at home. He was drafting a piece of legislation designed to encourage fertility among the Austrian population. The reason for him doing so was because he was looking toward's the future.

Within the upcoming decades, Berengar had intended to conquer and colonize large swaths of land across the world and inhabit it with German citizens. However, the German population at this time was low, it was at most between ten to fifteen million people, and due to the ongoing conflict, those numbers dwindled by the day.

As such, Berengar had established several laws designed to create strong families that could raise multiple children. First and foremost, Bernegar established both paid paternity and maternity leave. To Berengar, the physical and mental health of the next generation was a critical concern. Berengar had based several laws on the Scandinavian countries from his past life, who had some of the best welfare laws on the books.

Parents of a child were entitled to up to 480 days of paid leave to raise a newborn child. Of course, this was the maximum based on specific requirements; a typical two-parent household was likely to get 240 days of paid leave.

Berengar's other laws to help raise fertility rates included a monthly stipend for every child a family had to help with childcare costs and what Berengar liked to refer to as a child starter pack. This starter pack was based upon what the Finnish government provided expecting mothers in his previous life.

The state provided this child starter pack to every expecting mother, which included a crib with a mattress, clothes, diapers, hygiene products, a sleeping bag, and outdoor gear. It also had a few small toys and a propaganda book for the parents to read to the children, which contained whitewashed children's stories of Berengar's conquests and goals.

Several sanitary measures were required by law that was put into place during childbirth, especially regarding washing one's hands and sterilizing tools used in the process. Berengar wanted to lower the child mortality rate to the best of his ability and had devised laws and procedures to achieve this goal.

After this comprehensive reform was signed into law under his executive powers, Berengar decided to relax for the time being. He already had two children, a son and a daughter with Linde, and it would not be long before Honoria came around to the idea of having children.

However, Berengar wanted to prevent that until after he married Adela and had a child with her. He felt terrible for the girl always coming in last place among his women, and as such, was willing to wait for some time with Honoria.

Another reason for this was a matter of legitimacy; until Berengar married Adela as his first wife, he could not enact polygamy for himself as the ruler of his realm and therefore could not marry either Linde or Adela as his other wives.

Thus at the moment, Linde's children were nothing more than bastards; Berengar would have to wait another year before he married their mother and legitimized them. Reflecting upon this Berengar decided to pour himself a glass of fortified wine, immediately drinking its contents before pouring himself another.

As he did so, he heard a knock on his door and knew it could only be one of two people; as such, he sighed heavily before responding.

"It's open!"

After the door opened, Honoria revealed herself, and in tow was a woman Berengar had not met before. However, at first glance, the two women appeared to be close. The moment Honoria entered the room, she put on a pleading expression as she asked her lover for a favor.

"Berengar, this is Melissa; she helped me escape from Constantinople and has fallen on some rough times. She has recently arrived in Kufstein and has no place to stay, nor any currency leftover from her journey. Could you help her out?"

After hearing this, Berengar took a sip from his skull chalice once more before reaching into his desk and pulling out a token, where he proceeded to hand it over to Honoria. This token had the new ducal arms of Berengar's house carved into it and symbolized his authority.? After handing this token over to his lover, Berengar sighed before responding to her request.

"Show that to the landlord of whatever tenement she desires to move into, and also to whatever employer she seeks to work for. The treasury will pay out any costs accrued during her moving expenses. It is the least I can do for a friend of yours who aided you on your journey."

Melissa was shocked when she heard this. However, Honoria's actions startled her even more as the princess ran up to Berengar and hugged him before planting a kiss on his lips. Afterward, she responded in an affectionate tone.

"Thanks, Daddy!"

Berengar cringed when he heard this; for whatever reason, Honoria had begun to call him this after they started dating. It was pretty embarrassing for Berengar, but he supposed it was not too inaccurate. In a way, he provided for Honoria and looked after her as a father figure that she could look up to over this last year.

Of course, the moment Honoria realized she had called Berengar by his pet name in front of Melissa, she began to flush with embarrassment. She had forgotten entirely that Melissa was present and said something shameful in front of her friend.

If Linde called Berengar by the title "Master" in private, and Honoria referred to him as "Daddy," then Berengar dreaded the idea of what embarrassing pet name Adela would give him after they were finally married.

Berengar did not show it upon his face; as a ruler, he had to be dignified in all situations, and since they were not alone, he had a stoic expression on his face as he flicked Honoria on the forehead before chastising her.

"Behave yourself while we have company!"

When Honoria heard this, she bowed her head, too embarrassed to look her lover or her friend in the eyes. After a few moments of silence, Berengar gave Honoria an order.

"You've taken up enough of my time; go find your friend a place to stay and a job so that she can sustain herself! While you are at it, find yourself the rest of your crew members."

Honoria nodded before thanking Berengar one final time with a kiss on the cheek; afterward, she left with Melissa in tow, leaving Berengar by his lonesome. Though not for long, as Linde appeared shortly after and began to mock him.

"Daddy? Wow, I did not know you were into that kind of thing..."

She had been hiding in the shadows outside the door to his study the entire time, and as such, heard the conversation. Berengar smiled before grabbing ahold of his other lover and pulling her into his lap.

"Funny, I don't remember giving you permission to mock me?"

When Linde heard this, her training took over, and she instantly bowed her head in remorse before playing along to Berengar's games.

"I am sorry, Master, please forgive this rude slave for not knowing her place..."

As Berengar heard this, he began to chuckle before pushing Linde off of his lap, he knew what she wanted, but he was far too busy to entertain her desires. As such, he slapped her on her perfect behind before giving her a command.

"I am far too busy to entertain you right now; go play with yourself; I promise that tonight you can have me as much as you want!"

In response to this, Linde began to pout, but she did not make a fuss. Instead, she smiled before commenting on Berengar's remarks.

"I am going to hold you to that!"

With that said, she disappeared from Berengar's sight, leaving him alone in his study with nothing but a mountain of paperwork to get through. Gazing upon the large stack of paperwork in front of him, Berengar sighed heavily before pulling another document from the pile and beginning to read through it. He sighed to himself as he voiced his discontent with his current lot in life.

"Some people say peace is a desirable state, and for the people, I assume it is; to me, it is nothing but paperwork, and paperwork is dreadfully boring!"

As such, Berengar continued to fulfill his daily work well into the night, burning the midnight oil as per usual. It was well past midnight by the time he was able to fulfill his promise to Linde. Luckily for him, he had the stamina of a horse and could perform as long as Linde needed.

By morning Berengar was dreadfully exhausted and decided for once in his life to sleep in. As such, it would not be until past noon when he finally awoke from his slumber and was forced to resume his work.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 284: Appointing an Admiral
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun shined down upon the Adriatic sea; off the coast of Trieste, there were a total of ten frigates lined up. These ships were among the largest available in Europe, and each held forty-four 24 lb cannons onboard. These ships were none other than the Berengar-Class Frigates that had been manufactured since the shipyards had finished construction.

These ships were crewed by hundreds if not thousands of men; among them were various officers. Many of whom had shown a tacit understanding of naval doctrine and tactics since the establishment of the Navy.

Berengar had spared no expense in raising sailors, marines, and officers alike in the construction of his Navy. He had even begun construction of a Naval Academy in Trieste. Though for the time being the Officers underwent the same crash course of warfare and doctrine that their counterparts in the army went over. The difference was that the curriculum was specially tailored for the Navy.

Among the ranks of these fine officers was a minor Austrian nobleman by the name of Emmerich von L?tzing. This man had proven time and again his capability in learning and employing naval doctrine. So much so that he had caught Berengar's eye.

The Duchy of Austria held a relatively large territory, and as such, there were plenty of talented individuals within the realm; some of them had potential in areas that had yet to be established. Emmerich was one of these men.

Until recently, there was no such thing as an Austrian Navy, and as such, the man had no idea the degree of natural talent he had for Naval Warfare. However, after enlisting in the Austrian Navy and going through basic training as well as Officer school, none stood out as much as Emmerich had.

One could say that Emmerich had the same level of potential in the field of Naval Warfare that Eckhard had on the land. The difference was that Emmerich was considerably younger than Eckhard and less experienced.

Berengar gazed at the sailors and officers gathered for this occasion and smiled upon them. These men were the first among his Naval personnel, and as such, they would form the backbone of his vision for a Grand Armada.? As he stood there smiling before his soldiers, Berengar began to clear his throat before addressing the men in uniform.

"I stand before each, and every one of you humbled as I admire the spirit that has driven you to the lengths you have achieved this day. These few vessels that have been constructed are just the beginning of your journey as members of the Austrian Navy.

In the upcoming years, we will expand the number of vessels under our control and the size of them as well. These Frigates are just a sample of the advancements in Naval technology that have come to be under my reign.

Before long, there will be no force on this great Earth that can stand against you! The amount of firepower you all have available to you at the moment pales in comparison to what you will wield in the future!

Today is a joyous occasion as it marks the establishment of the First Austrian Fleet that will be stationed here in Trieste. With the establishment of the First Fleet, there needs to be a man to command it, and though all of the officers among your ranks have proven yourselves capable in your own right. Ultimately the position of Admiral has fallen to one man in particular.

Emmerich von L?tzing, step forward!"

The moment Berengar made this decree, the man in question did as he was ordered and stood before Berengar. He was dressed in the typical uniform afforded to an officer in Berengar's Navy. The colors, in particular, were black, charcoal and gold.

When compared to Eckhard, he was considerably younger; Emmerich was in his early thirties; he was a tall and fit man with a robust bone structure that showed itself in his face. He had short brown hair and a matching beard.

The man stood at attention, saluting Berengar as he waited for the Duke to convey his thoughts. As such, Berengar began to express his reasoning for selecting Emmerich as the Admiral of his Navy.

"Emmerich von L?tzing, out of all of my Naval Officers, you have stood out as the most exceptional. Your talent for Naval Warfare and your understanding of the tactics I have presented in your learning material has shocked me.

I believe it is no exaggeration to say that you command the respect of the sailors and officers alike, and as such, I see no reason not to present you with the rank of Admiral."

After saying this, Berengar presented the man with a ceremonial sword. This ceremonial sword was also functional and had been designed around the sword that his army used. The hilt was protected by the same intricate guard based upon the British 1788 Heavy Cavalry sword from his previous life.

However, there was one considerable difference; the blade was based upon the US 1860 Naval Cutlass from Berengar's past life. Unlike the sword utilized by the army, this weapon had a single-edged, curved blade.

This blade was made out of Damascus steel imported from the east, while the hilt was constructed of black leather, wrapped in a gold wire; the guard itself was made from brass. This sword was the symbol of the Admiral's authority, and as such, the man unsheathed the blade and inspected it in front of his sailors.

After doing so, a round of applause erupted, with Berengar himself congratulating the man on his rise to such a prominent position. Berengar placed his hand on the man's shoulder after sheathed the sword and stowed it away. With a gentle smile on his face, Berengar spoke to the man in a soothing tone.

"I expect great things from you, Emmerich. The world is vast and filled with unfathomable depths. It is your job to conquer the oceans in the name of Austria. The road ahead is a difficult one, but with my backing, I am certain that you will rise to the occasion and make our Nation proud!

Having heard this, Emmerich nodded his head with a stoic expression and expressed his thanks.

"Thank you, your grace. I shall remember the kindness you have shown me this day."

However, Berengar responded unexpectedly as he shook his head and lectured the man.

"Don't thank me, thank your effort and your God-given talent. You have earned this!"

After saying this, a band began to play the song "Kameraden auf See." It was a German Naval song from his previous life and had a relatively upbeat sound; as such, Berengar thought it was perfect for this occasion and had given the sheet music to the Naval band to play at the ceremony.

As the band played the song, a small parade began to celebrate the occasion. As such, Berengar stood next to Emmerich as the two men watched the display of festivities. Emmerich had no idea that Berengar had prepared such an excessive event for what he thought was just a minor occasion.

Berengar had a flair for extravagance, and a Naval Parade could very quickly be used as a propaganda piece. As such, he had decided to make proper use of this occasion to display the brilliance of the Austrian Navy.

The Austrian Banners and Flag that Berengar had created were being waved in the parade, and the people of Trieste had gathered to witness the event. Sailors, Soldiers, and Citizens alike had begun to watch on the sides as the Austrian Naval personnel celebrated the occasion.

At the head of the parade watching over the event were Berengar and Emmerich. Despite the festivities and the loud sounds it produced, Berengar managed to lean over and whisper to his new Admiral.

"Magnificent, isn't it? Just wait until you see what I have in store for the future of the Navy."

While Emmerich knew that Berengar intended to expand the Navy substantially, he had no idea that Berengar intended to become the world's supreme Naval Power, much like Britain had managed to accomplish in his past life.

To Berengar, his future German Empire would need a powerful Navy to maintain control over its many colonies. As such, he intended to create the largest and most powerful Navy in the world. Besides, with his current technological capabilities, it would be generations before the rest of the world caught up to the present might of his vessels.

By then, the German Navy could be filled with ironclads; whether or not Bernegar would be able to live long enough to see such a future was another story. After all, producing an industrial society powered by steam engines was a far-off goal and was not easily achieved in a single lifetime.

Thus Berengar watched on with a broad smile as the Naval parade continued, envisioning the future of his Grand Armada within his mind and the dominance he believed it would have over the world. He had learned from his previous life's history. He knew for Germany to become the pre-eminent global power, it would need the ability to project force around the globe, and the only way to do that was with a powerful Navy!

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 285: Advancing into Southern Egypt
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Arethas stood on a hilltop above his army. He had achieved much in his campaign to reconquer North Africa for the Byzantine Empire throughout the last year. With the overwhelming support the Empire's forces had received from Austria in the form of material aid, the Byzantine soldiers were now a significant force, armed in the era of pike shot.

The Falconet cannons proved exceptionally effective against the enemy fortifications. However, it took longer to bring down a castle wall with the 1 pound cannonballs compared to the 12 lb explosive shells that Berengar utilized. If repeatedly fired at a concentrated area, it was still enough to bring down a wall far quicker than the traditional methods available.

With the Northernmost regions of Egypt and Lybia captured from the Mamluke Sultanate, Arethas had taken a defensive stance while waiting for reinforcements from the Empire. The reason for this was simple; he wanted more men by his side as he pushed into the fertile lands of the Nile and conquered the remainder of Egypt.

Egypt was once the breadbasket of the Roman Empire; because of this, it was a strategic location, and whoever controlled it was sure to see significant prosperity. Arethas was ordered not to return to Constantinople until all of Egypt and Lybia had been reclaimed.

Today was the day his reinforcements had arrived, clad in mirror-pattern armor, and armed with pikes and firearms; they presented a significant threat to the Mamluke Sultanate, who had failed to counter the new tactics devised by Berengar and given to the Empire.

Arethas had achieved endless victories against his enemies in Egypt. He was confident that with the arrival of thousands of new soldiers, he could push into the rest of Egypt and seize it in its entirety within the following year.

He was currently observing his armies beginning to march south; in total, there were 25,000 men in his army. This was the largest army that the Byzantines had fielded in the last twenty years, and there was only one man to thank for this.

Duke Berengar von Kufstein, without his support, these troops would be nothing more than peasant levies with little to no armor, and at best, spears in their hands. However, thanks to Berengar's material aid, and military advisors, the Byzantine Army had rapidly expanded into a professional force, armed with weapons and armor second only to the Grand Austrian Army.

Though Arethas knew the rising debt that the Empire had owed to the man in question, it was to a startling degree and was beginning to weigh on his conscience. Though they could afford to repay it with the recapture of Egypt and Lybia, it would undoubtedly cost them a large chunk of their spoils.

Arethas sighed heavily as he regretted his life decisions; if only he had attempted to convince the Emperor to marry Honoria off to Berengar, things might not have ended this way. The Byzantine Royal family had given up searching for Honoria, declaring the lost princess dead, and holding a massive state funeral for the girl.

Arethas was forced to stay in North Africa and thus could not even attend the funeral of his goddaughter. Because of this, he had been desperate to achieve results in the shortest timespan possible so that he could return to Constantinople and pay his respects to the missing princess.

However, now he did not have time to think about that. Instead, he climbed onto his mount and rode off towards his army, whose presence was growing distant as they marched into the sands of Egypt.

Before long, Arethas caught up with his soldiers, who had marched for some time; after doing so, he spoke with his officers. However, shortly after that, a rider came forth and reported the situation ahead.

"The Mamlukes have blocked the way ahead! We must prepare for battle!"

With this, Arethas sighed before nodding his head. As such, he began to give out orders for the Byzantine forces to prepare their ranks. By now, the Byzantine soldiers, for the most part, were veterans, and the recruits were merged into the ranks of the veteran soldiers so that they would have the proper support they needed to be effective in combat.

After forming their lines, the Byzantines began to advance into the fray while in formation. The army marched for a few more miles before the Byzantine forces came across the armies of the Mamluke sultanate. Despite being defeated at every turn, the Mamlukes still bravely fought on.

Though their Empire existed further westward, Egypt and Lybia were the core of their nation; without it, they would quickly become a shadow of their former power. As such, they had begun using any means necessary to combat the growing tide of the Byzantine forces.

The Falconet cannons were set up in the background and began to pelt the Mamluke army with their 1 lb cannonballs. Though they were nonexplosive, the fact that these solid metal balls rained down upon them, and tore their way through the mamluke torsos caused a great deal of panic, and confusion among the ranks of the Mamluke Army.

Under the cover of cannon fire and without fear in their eyes, the Byzantine soldiers moved forward until they could see the whites in their enemy's eyes. While marching arrows rained down upon them, and yet they did not falter while being pelted by the projectiles.

For the most part, their vitals were protected by the armor provided by Austria, and as such, few deaths occurred as they kept marching under their orders. Any greenhorn soldier who began to panic was quickly deterred from doing anything stupid by the veterans in their ranks.

Eventually, the Byzantines were close enough to fire off effective shots; as such, they lowered their arkebuses and aimed before firing off a volley into the ranks of the Mamluke sultanate, who charged at them in an attempt to break their line of fire.

In doing so, the Mamluke forces ran headfirst into a field of lead balls, smashing through their defenses and penetrating their bodies, sending blood, bone, and sinew in every direction. The moment the arkebusiers fired their shots, they began to reload, whereas the nearby pikeman began to advance and deter the Mamluke soldiers.

Even though the Mamlukes had gathered every man and boy that could bear arms within a hundred-mile radius, the vast majority of their troops were simply peasants conscripted into fighting; the moment the first volley was fired, these levies began to break ranks and flee.

Only a few thousand Mamluke veterans remained behind; however, compared to the 25,000 byzantine solid armies, their might was laughable. This was not the first time the mamlukes had gotten desperate and gathered everyone they possibly could to act as a meat shield to soak up the projectiles used by the Byzantine Arkebusiers.

The Byzantines needed little more than another volley to shred the remaining Mamluke forces to pieces. After all, they were vastly outnumbered and outgunned by the Byzantine Army. The battle was already over before it could reach its zenith, with the mamlukes suffering another humiliating defeat. Seeing yet another victory Arethas gazed upon the death and destruction and gave his troops an order.

"Tend to the wounded and prepare to march within three hours!"

Aside from superficial arrow wounds and a few unlucky souls who had been caught in the throat with Mamluke projectiles, the majority of the Byzantine forces were unscathed in this battle. Mainly because they were fighting against a small number of Mamluke troops, most of them were just conscripts given at best a spear and thrown into the meat grinder.

The fact that the mamlukes had begun to resort to such tactics was proof that this war would not last much longer. The majority of the Mamluke's troops were crushed in the early battles; now, they could only rely on human wave tactics in an attempt to overrun the Byzantine lines.

With this small victory, the path towards Southern Egypt was wide open, and Arethas intended to take full advantage of this. As such, his forces had spent three hours resting before they were back on the march.

Berengar would later receive word of Arethas' efforts in North Africa. The rapid rate that the Byzantine General conquered his enemies' lands was shocking to Berengar. As such, he would have to readjust his timeframe for independence. If the Byzantines won the war before declaring themselves King, they would undoubtedly repay the debt they owed him with the spoils gained from their conquests.

If this were to happen, Bernegar would lose his opportunity to coerce them into giving him Honoria's hand in marriage. If there was one thing Berengar needed, it was a long-term alliance with the Byzantines, and the only way he could achieve this was through marriage. Though the Byzantines had no way of knowing this, their actions in North Africa would soon have a significant effect on European politics as a whole.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 286: Anti-Piracy Operations
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Emmerich was in the process of taking out the Austrian First Fleet for its maiden voyage. This fleet comprised of ten Berengar-Class Frigates, these frigates had a crew complement of 450 men each, as well as 55 marines on board. Needless to say, it was among the finest fleets in existence, and would soon be playing a pivotal role in the establishment of Austrian power in the Mediterranean.

It was supposed to be a standard patrol mission off the coastline of the Duchy of Austria. However, the moment these ships set sail, they quickly noticed a peculiar scene. A clipper waving the flag of Austria was in the process of being pursued by three caravels. Though the clipper was far faster than the caravels chasing after it and would eventually escape, it did not mean that the Admiral would leave such lawlessness unpunished.

Assuming that this was the act of pirates, Admiral Emmerich gave the command to pursue the pirates and end their actions. As such, the ten frigates began to sail at an exceptional speed of 13 knots, when compared to the 8 knots that the Caravels were traveling at, the frigates quickly caught up to the would-be pirates.

The massive forty-four gun frigates formed into a line and presented their broadside cannons at the pirates, who had nearly shat their pants in fear of the gigantic vessels that had appeared before them so suddenly.

During this era, broadside cannons were nonexistent on European vessels, as such Berengar's ships held an enormous advantage in terms of firepower. At best, these small caravels had two guns, one in the fore and the other in the ship's aft. As such, the vessel desperately tried to turn their boats around to fire onto the ten frigates that hard surrounded them on both sides.

However, the next moment the SMS Berengar, the first of its class, and the current flagship of Admiral Emmerich opened fire with the guns on its starboard side, the Pirates' hopes vanished. The thunder of the guns echoed into the air as the shells fired out of the massive steel cannons, exploding upon impact, and blasting the Caravel to smithereens, along with the crew on board.

Explosive shells were deadly weapons to a wooden ship, which is the main reason why ironclads were developed in Berengar's previous life, specifically to counteract the existence of cannons capable of firing explosive shells from the 1850s onward.

Seeing one of their allies taken out in a single barrage from a single ship, the deckhand of the other caravels immediately tried to raise the white flag. Still, a few other vessels unleashed a barrage of their guns before they could do so, blasting the small 75 foot long caravels into pieces.

Whatever was on board these pirates' ships were either blown apart or sunk to the depths of the Adriatic sea. Little did Emmerich know that the Venetian Republic secretly hired these pirates to harass Berengar's shipping. However, they had achieved virtually no success.

The clippers were too fast for the caravels to compete. A Caravel was capable of at most 8 knots of speed, whereas the clipper's top rate maxed out over 22 knots. There was simply no way for the vessels of the era to catch Berengar's merchant ships.

While Emmerich continued his patrol, a nearby Venetian vessel and its crew that had observed the display of prowess by the ten frigates were stunned into silence. The Captain on board the vessel watching the swift destruction of the pirates was at a loss for words. Cold sweat poured from the man's brow as he thought back to the near-instant destruction the Austrian vessels had caused to the small pirate fleet.

It was only after several minutes did someone finally voice a thought on the matter. It was one of the officers under the Captain's command.

"Captain... What do we do about this?"

The Captain had an urge to strip off his uniform and jump into the Adriatic sea. Knowing that the Doge wanted to go to war against such terrifying power and that the Austrians were pumping out ships like this every week stripped away any semblance of bravery the man thought he had.

Within a year, the Austrians would potentially have hundreds of these vessels. Hell, even if they only managed to create 50 of those damned things, the Venetian Navy would be in for a world of hurt. Not only was there a significant speed advantage that the Frigates held, but the firepower on a single one of the Austrian ships was more than enough to take on a fleet of their own.

As such, the Captain swallowed his saliva and took a deep breath in an attempt to calm himself down before responding to the officer's question.

"Set a course for Venice, we must alert the Admiralty of this news as soon as possible."

With that said the Venetian Naval vessel immediately changed course and began to head back to Venice. When they finally arrived the Head Admiral was already in the middle of a conversation with a Doge, rather than wait around for the head of state, and the foremost Admiral to finish their discussion, the Captain decided to risk his position and barged into the door after arguing with the secretary.

The moment the Captain entered the room, the Doge and Admiral glared at him with fury, the Venetian head of state immediately began to chastise the Captain.

"What do you think you are doing barging into the middle of my office? Who permitted you to do such a thing!"

However, the Captain could not care less about proper etiquette at this moment and instantly began to inform the two men of the terrifying sight he had witnessed.

"Your serenity, Admiral, I apologize for the intrusion, but I have urgent news from the Adriatic sea that you must be aware of; it has to do with the pirates we have hired to attack Austrian shipping!"

The Doge began to curse under his breath as he heard this

"Useless fucking pirates! What the hell am I paying them for!?! Go on, spit it out!"

Not willing to waste a second, the Captain immediately reported what he and his crew had witnessed and the overwhelming destructive power of a single frigate used by the Austrian Navy. After a lengthy discussion, the Captain was dismissed, leaving the Head Admiral and the Doge with grim expressions as they stood in silence by themselves.

They had a hard time believing the Captain's reports and had even questioned the man's sanity as he told the horrific tale of the Pirates' untimely demise. Ultimately the Doge posed a question to the Admiral.

"Do you think he was telling the truth?"

The Admiral scratched his chin for a bit before sighing

"I believe that he believes that he was telling the truth..."

The Doge looked at the Admiral with a questioning gaze as he heard this and asked for clarification.

"meaning?"

After careful consideration, the Admiral laid out what he believed to be a more likely scenario.

"What the Captain says is too unrealistic. Even with the alleged industrial prowess of Austria, to make ten ships, each armed with dozens of cannons, that is capable of firing projectiles that explode upon impact is unlikely.

I mean, I have heard reports of his army using such technology, but this is mostly from second-hand information and is probably just a propaganda tactic the Austrians are using to mislead us about their actual military capabilities.

I don't doubt that the Pirate ships were destroyed, but by a single vessel with a single bombardment? Preposterous! Unless I can personally witness such a thing, I refuse to believe in such a fantasy.

No, I think it is far more likely that the Austrians have constructed a new kind of vessel capable of having cannons on the broadside, and all ten of the ships opened fire on the three pirate vessels simultaneously.

At most, they have five cannons on each side, which is not something we need to worry about; after all, we planned for unexpected circumstances such as this, and we are producing a new warship every day.

Assuming Bernegar isn't foolish enough to attack us, we will have our thousand ships in under three years. By then, it does not matter how many of these ships the Austrians have; they will be outnumbered!"

After hearing this estimation, the Doge began to calm down and think about the circumstances more rationally. The Admiral was right; such firepower on a vessel was not just outrageous; it was downright otherworldly.

Unless Berengar had received divine inspiration from the Lord Almighty himself, there was no way he could design such monstrous vessels. As such, the valuable intelligence that the Captain reported was disregarded as the rantings of a coward.

Little did the Venetian Admiralty realize that every word the Captain had spoken was complete and utter truth because the Doge and Head Admiral had disregarded the Captains testimony, they would be in for a world of hurt the day they were unfortunate enough to enter a war with Austria, and the Tyrant of Steel.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 287: Troubles at the Vatican
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Deep within the Vatican, a meeting was held between the Holy Father and the Holy Roman Emperor. Pope Julius and Emperor Balsamo discussed their difficulties over the past year and how to proceed forward. Emperor Balsamo was the first to voice his discontent with the rapid growth that Austria had been blessed with since Berengar had seized control of the Duchy.

"Berengar's power grows by the day; I have received concerning reports about a visit to Granada. Supposedly the heretic is consulting with the Moorish Sultan, we do not know what objective Berengar had or what form of agreement the two men came to, but there is little doubt in my mind that it does not bode well for our faith."

When Pope Julius heard this, he sneered in disdain as he cursed Berengar for his actions.

"Fucking heretic! Of course, he would lie with the Moorish dogs! May Berengar's soul be cast into the furthest pit of hell for his treason against Christendom!"

While Julius continued to throw out profanity regarding Berengar's association with the Emirate of Granada, Balsamo had more pressing concerns about the issue and interrupted the Pope and his vile behavior.

"Your Holiness, we have bigger concerns. If Austria and Granada are to ally, it threatens the Church's position in Iberia. If Berengar chooses to arm the Moors like he has done the Byzantines, it means we might see a new Caliphate form in Iberia; the rebirth of Al-Andalus is not something we can afford, not after the progress we have made over the centuries!"

This notion immediately snapped Julius from his rant and calmed his senses; he gazed at Emperor Balsamo with a vicious glare in his eyes as he coldly stated his intentions regarding Iberia.

"I will contact the Iberian Kings and pressure them into unifying against the Moorish Menace. Suppose the Emirate of Granada is to receive military aid by Bernegar the Accursed and his Grand Austrian Army. In that case, it means that Reconquista is going to become very bloody real soon."

After hearing this, Balsamo nodded at the Pope's statement. It was certainly in Portugal, Castille, and Aragon's best interest to unite against the new threat that had presented itself. As such, not only would the pope pressure Iberian unification but so too would the Holy Roman Emperor.

As for the other issues the Church was facing, Balsamo began to complain about what was transpiring within his borders.

"Your Holiness, the Berengar Heresy has spread from Southern Germany into the Rhineland and the East German states. The heretic known as Ludolf has personally taken up a mission to convert the locals of the Rhineland, and he has fallen under the protection of the local lords who tolerate his beliefs.

If left unchecked, Germany as a whole will soon fall to the Berengar Heresy, and we will see ourselves without one of the pillars of the Catholic world!"

Pope Julius frowned when he heard this news. Whether it was Iberia or Germany, things were looking grim for the Catholic faith in those regions, and as such, the Pope decided to intervene on this matter.

"I will send in the inquisition to exterminate these heretics. I don't care if entire villages have to be massacred; the situation in Germany is now beyond redemption. As for you, as Emperor, you need to declare the Berengar Heresy unlawful and that all adherents will face the penalty of death upon discovery. Use your forces to suppress them if need be!"

Upon hearing this, the Holy Roman Emperor smiled wickedly before responding; there was a murderous glint in his eye as he did so.

"Yes, your holiness! The blood of every last Heretic in Germany shall be spilled in the name of God!"

With the plans established to deal with the difficulties the Church was facing in both Iberia and Germany, another critical issue had begun to surface as Julius started to discuss how to deal with the Hussites.

"The Hussites have entrenched themselves in their territory; they are no longer fighting an offensive war. Instead, they seek to defend what they have gained and desire to drag out this conflict as long as possible. Despite the intervention of the Hospitallers, the war has only become more bloody, and our side continues to suffer casualties.

Though we can't prove that Berengar is providing the Hussites with their weapons, it is becoming increasingly apparent that Austria is supporting them. There is not much we can do to cut Austrian support since the Hussites and the Austrians share a border.

In response to this, I intend to rally support from Hungary and the Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth. I will send word to the Hungarian and Polish Kings and request their assistance in the war for Bohemia. We have to end this war quickly; the more time we spend fighting in Bohemia, the more Berengar has time to prepare himself for the upcoming crusade against him!"

Balsamo immediately began to interject on this matter and voice his concerns.

"The Polish-Lithuanian commonwealth is currently engaged in a war with the Teutonic-State, though the Teutonic Order is on the verge of collapse, they aren't likely to send aid to our forces in Bohemia so long as the Teutonic Order still draws breath."

When the Pope heard this, he sighed heavily before voicing his opinion.

"You are right, but it does not hurt to ask for their aid. At the very least, they can provide material support to the Bohemian Crown!"

After the two men thoroughly discussed this matter, they turned their attention to something of greater importance: the growing divide with the Eastern World. Despite abandoning the Teutonic Order in their time of need, the relationship between the Orthodox Church and the Vatican worsened.

Part of this was due to Berengar's interference. The Byzantine Emperor was growing more and more reliant on Austrian support when it came to his war for the reconquest of Egypt and Lybia. As such, the Orthodox Church had been crippled in terms of showing any form of support to their Catholic brothers to the west when it came to the subject of the Berengar Heresy.

Because of this lack of support, more than a few cardinals of the Catholic Church were condemning the Patriarch of Constantinople for doing nothing as the Berengar Heresy had begun to spread like wildfire across Germany. With the arrival of the Hussite Wars in Bohemia, Catholic influence began to wane across Europe.

There were even rumors of an English reformist movement starting to appear within the British Isles. Without the support of the other major branch of Christianity, the Catholics had grown bitter and had begun to lash out verbally at their Orthodox counterparts.

With this in mind, the Orthodox Church had sent a letter to Pope Julius requesting that he condemn his Cardinals and Bishops, who had begun referring to the Orthodox Church as the "devil's minions." This put Julius in a bind. If he condemned his supporters for criticizing the Orthodox's weak stance on the Berengar Heresy, he would only be furthering discontent in his ranks.

As such, the Pope wanted an opinion from the Holy Roman Emperor on the matter and thus asked the question on his mind.

"What should be done about the Orthodox Church?"

Balsamo was by no means a fan of the Orthodox Church or the Byzantine Empire for that matter. Since the formation of the Holy Roman Empire, the two Empires had fought for legitimacy in terms of who was the actual successor of ancient Rome.

Now that he had a chance to destabilize the relationship between the Byzantine Emperor and the Orthodox Church, the Holy Roman Emperor intended to take full advantage of it. As such, a cruel smirk appeared on the corners of his lips as he offered his advice to deal with the situation.

"The Patriarch of Constantinople is a coward who bows to the Byzantine Emperor, and the Emperor is a man already influenced by Berengar's wicked ways. You should never condemn the faithful for pointing out that our eastern brothers are tainted! There is only one reasonable response to the current predicament.

You must force the Patriarch of Constantinople to condemn the Byzantine Emperor for aiding and abetting a condemned Heretic! Inform them that they are committing a grave sin by sitting by and allowing the Byzantine Royal family to associate themselves with the Devil's personal representative on this Earth! If they refuse to do so, condemn the Patriarch as a Heretic as well!

After hearing this, the Pope thought about Balsamo's words for some time before he ultimately agreed with them.

"Very well, I will pressure the Patriarch of Constantinople to denounce the Byzantine Emperor for his crimes. If they refuse to do so, I will not hold back my discontent. Berengar's strength relies on his trade with the East; if the Byzantines continue engaging in such heresy, they must be condemned!"

With this said, the relations between the Catholic and Orthodox churches were about to take a turn for the worse, all because of Berengar's influence. Despite sticking together for centuries longer than in Berengar's previous life, the two pillars of the Christian world were on the edge of a full-scale schism.

After all, was said and done, the Vatican had come up with several ways to counteract Berengar's activities in Europe. It would not be long before more proxy wars between the Catholic Church, Berengar began to appear. The Hussite wars were just the beginning.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 288: Reforming the Granadan Army
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The sun held high in the clear blue sky above the Andalusian Hills. In the valley between the mounds was an army standing and drilling within the formation. These were the men of the Granadan Royal Army, and excited expressions were on their faces as they donned their new attire and wielded their most recent acquisition.

Like the Byzantine Army, the Granadan Army was now equipped with mirror pattern armor, arkebuse firearms, and pikes. If anything, the Granadan forces with their newest armor began to resemble the Ottoman forces from the 16th century of Berengar's previous life.

Within the Ranks of the Granadan troops were a series of Officers dressed in the black and gold attire afforded to the Grand Army of Austria. These men were instructing the Granadan troops on the knowledge and tactics of how to wield their new weapons with efficiency.

Standing on the hilltop above, under the protection of an awning, stood Sultan Hasan Al-Fadl and Viscount Arnulf von Thiersee. Since Berengar's rise to the position of Duke, Arnulf, Berengar's other most capable General, had been rewarded with the position of the Viscount of Trent.

With Berengar overseeing the Duchy of Austria, the loyal nobleman and General of Berengar's Grand Army had been sent to supervise the training of the Granadan Royal Army. While entertaining his guest, Hasan poured himself a glass of the fortified wine that he had purchased in bulk from Berengar's wineries. As he did so, he poured another for Arnulf. However, the man declined it with a stern expression.

"Apologies, Sultan, but I am on duty, and it is forbidden to drink while in such a position."

Hearing this, Hasan smiled bitterly; the level of discipline that Berengar's troops held was to a degree he had never seen before, and as such, his respect for Berengar raised even more. After hearing this, the young Sultan took a sip from his glass before responding to Arnulf.

"Tell me, General, how is his Grace Berengar at the moment?"

Arnulf did not break his focus as he observed the Granadan troops form ranks before firing their arkebuses at the targets. While keeping the soldiers' actions below, he answered the Sultan's question with a bit of annoyance in his voice.

"He's busy. The Duke works harder than anyone I know; I swear if it weren't for his beautiful lovers who take care of his stress every night, he probably would have blown his brains out by now..."

Hasan laughed when he heard this and merely sipped from his drink with a smug grin on his face. He too knew the pleasures of being surrounded by beautiful wives, and though Berengar had yet to marry his women, the young Sultan did not doubt that the man would eventually do so. As such, he sighed with desperation before responding to Arnulf's claims.

"I offered to marry my beautiful older sister off to him, but he declined. His wives appear to be the jealous type. By that little blonde girl's expression, I could tell that she was far from willing to allow such a thing. It is a pity, my dear Yasmin is already twenty-five, and yet I still have not found a man for her to marry.

Though I have not given up on Berengar, it is clear to me that he intends to engage in polygamy, and I greatly desire to be brothers with the man! Besides, he only has three wives so far, right? In my country, a man is allowed up to four wives, so there is still hope for the two of them!"

Arnulf shook his head in silence when he heard this; after one visit to a Muslim country, Berengar had practically gone native. It was one thing for him to have one wife and several mistresses, but to entertain the idea of polygamy as a Christian? That was asking for trouble, and for whatever reason, Berengar enjoyed antagonizing those around him.

As such, Arnulf returned his attention to the Granadan troops below. The pikeman had begun to take the place of the arkebusiers who reloaded their weapons. Due to the technological limitations of the matchlock design, these Arkebuse firearms took up to a minute to prepare the next volley; compared to the Austrian flintlocks with quick loading tubes, the difference in reload speed was quite vast.

In Berengar's previous life, it took weeks to train pikemen and arquebusiers; however, Berengar had a higher standard than the early modern armies. As such, he taught his troops for much longer.

As for his allies, Berengar expected the same discipline level; as such, he had his officers train them according to his standards. It would not be long before the Granadans could field a much larger and well-trained force than their enemies nearby.

Part of the reason why firearms were destined to replace the traditional bows and crossbows was due to the short amount of time it took to train someone in their use effectively. At the same time, one would have to spend their whole lives to master a bow effectively.

Learning how to wield a firearm within formation took weeks of training. The same could be said about pikes when compared to more traditional melee weapons. Even though the Arqkebuse had limited range compared to Austria's Rifled Muskets, or even the bows of the era, the number of arkebusiers that could be trained in a short period greatly outnumbered the alternative.

With this in mind, Arnulf watched the Granadans undergo their training and could witness the results within a short time frame. After just a few weeks, they were beginning to resemble a proper army, at least in accordance with the stringent standards of Austria.

As for Hasan, he was greatly impressed by the weapons wielded by his troops and now understood why Berengar was able to rise to power so rapidly. These weapons were revolutionary and could undoubtedly change the tides of war.

With Berengar's support, the rise of a new Al-Andalus was highly likely, and Hasan had grand ambitions for the Iberian Peninsula. Seeing that the dreams of his forefathers now had the potential to become a reality, the Sultan asked the question he was most concerned about.

"How long until they are ready for combat? When my neighbors find out about the aid you have provided me, they will without question invade my lands."

Arnulf scratched his chin and rolled his head to the side as he thought about the question; The only sound that could be overheard was the echo of the falconet cannons firing in the distance. After several moments of ambiance, Arnulf lifted two fingers as he addressed the Sultan's concerns.

"Two weeks, and your troops will be prepared to face whatever challenges the Catholic armies will throw at them. As long as your commanders are competent in the tactics we have provided them, the Iberian Kings will be kneeling before you, begging for mercy in a matter of years."

Upon hearing this, Hasan lifted his chalice and took a swig from it, smiling as he did so. After drinking from his goblet, he stared at his troops mustered below with a grin curved upon his lips, releasing the thoughts held deep within his mind.

"This is just the beginning, soon I will have a Grand Army of my own, and it is all thanks to Berengar..."

With that said, the troops continued to train in the field below while the Austrian advisers corrected any faults in their efforts; when the new wave of Reconquista found itself at Granada's gates, they would be more than prepared to handle such a frightful event.

In doing so, Berengar would find the pressure he faced from the Catholic Church alleviated as the Moors and Iberians began a new wave of warfare that would consume the peninsula in fire and blood. Who would remain at the end of such a brutal conflict? Only time will tell.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 289: Formation of the Iberian Union
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Granada was preparing for the inevitable war with its neighbors, the Iberian Catholic Monarchs had been summoned to a meeting at the Vatican. The Pope had purposely asked for their attendance, and as exceptional members of the faith, they had not disobeyed his commands.

The Kings of Portugal, Castile, and Aragon were gathered in a room with the Pope. It had been some time since these men had been in the same room, and they had a feeling they knew what this was about.? As such, Pope Julius was the first to speak as he addressed the men who had gathered.

"My children, I must thank you for traveling all of this way to the Holy See, we find ourselves in grave times, and it is with a heavy heart that I must request something important of every one of you."

The three Iberian Kings nodded their heads in silence as they waited for the Pope to speak his peace; after doing so, the Pope sighed heavily before revealing the Holy Roman Empire's intelligence about Berengar's actions in Iberia.

"You should all be aware of the heretic known as Berengar the Accursed. We do not know what evil intentions he has, but the man visited Granada and met with the Sultan. We fear he may be plotting to arm the Moors with his demonic devices! If we do not act now, then your Kingdoms are in grave danger of being overrun! I implore the three of you to join together and fight against the Moorish menace!"

This news came as a shock to the three Kings of Iberia; they were not aware that Berengar had met with the Sultan of Granada, nor that he was in the process of arming and training them for war. However, if such a thing was true, it did indeed threaten the stability of the region; as such, the three men began to bicker among themselves for the best course of action.

As the King of the most extensive Kingdom of Iberia, King Fransisco de Trastámara of the Kingdom of Castile was the first to voice his support for the Pope's words.

"I agree with His Holiness; if we do not join together to fight against the Moors, then we will be opening ourselves up to future troubles. This must end now! For too long, the Muslim filth has occupied our lands!"

King Felipe de Trastámara of the Kingdom of Aragon was the next to speak on the matter, as such he cleared his throat before speaking in an authoritative tone.

"And who will lead this supposed alliance of ours? I do not know about you, but I do not trust King Fransisco not to stab me in the back when this is all over!"

The two Kings were cousins, and as such, had a bitter rivalry as they both intended to take over each other's kingdoms. Thus, without an outside enemy's interference, it was unlikely for the two men to come together and unify their forces.? The moment Felipe made this claim, Fransisco nearly jumped out of his chair as he raised his voice at his cousin.

"How dare you claim such a thing about my character! I'll have you know that my honor is renowned across the globe! To insinuate that I would betray you if anything resembles your character greater than my own!"

Before the two Kings could lunge at each other over the words that had been spoken, the Pope interrupted by clearing his throat. The moment he did so, the two men shrank back into their seats as if they were schoolchildren being scolded by their teacher.

"We have greater concerns than your petty squabbles. I suggest the two of you look at the big picture. If the Granadans are armed and trained by the Austrians, then only by coming together and uniting your armies against them do you stand a chance of survival! Look at yourselves closely, and ask yourselves if your disputes are worth the destruction of your kingdom!?!"

After saying this, the two Kings glanced at one another before quickly looking away. As for the King of Portugal, he enjoyed the sight of the two men bickering; it was not every day that he could witness such a spectacular sight.

King Luiz de Avis was the current Monarch of Portugal and had sustained his territory despite the ongoing conflicts with his neighbors. One of the ways he had managed to do this was by playing the Castilian and Aragonian thrones against one another so that the focus was off of his realm.

Though he did not desire to see a union between Castile and Aragon, he had to admit that the threat that an Austro-Granadan alliance posed was significant, especially since he had become aware of the swift vessels known as clippers Berengar had used to transport goods across the Mediterranean rapidly.

If Austrian Naval vessels were half as fast as his merchant fleet, they posed a significant threat in warfare. As such, the Portuguese King was much more open to the idea of cooperation against the Austro-Granadan alliance.? Thus the man spoke with some civility as he began to discuss the potential, albeit temporary union of their three countries.

"Without a doubt, if we leave the Austro-Granadan alliance to its own devices, they will eventually attack us. We should strike swiftly while the Granadan troops are still unprepared for the event of war. A temporary alliance between our three countries is the most efficient means to achieve victory.

If you two have a problem with the potential of each other leading said alliance, then why don't I take the position? Compared to the two of you, I have no interest in either of your realms and if one of you were to betray the other, I could support the wronged party. These terms are fair, are they not?"

Hearing this, the other two monarchs frowned; though they knew what Luiz said was reasonable, they were having troubles coming to terms with such an arrangement. Portugal was an outsider; though they were Iberian, they had begun to split from the Castilians and Aragonians culturally.

However, at the same time, it was because they were an outsider that the Portuguese might be the fittest to lead the alliance of the three countries. As such, Fransisco was the first to agree to these terms.

"Very well, though I want you to know that this alliance is temporary; as soon as the Granadans are defeated, I will immediately withdraw my support!"

Upon hearing this, Felipe became outraged and immediately threw his support behind the Portuguese, not wanting his cousin to gain the upper hand.

"I, too, support this alliance under the same terms and conditions as Castile!"

With that said, the three Iberian Kings had come to an arrangement, and Pope Julius smiled amicably at the result. Truthfully he did not care which of these fools led the alliance, only that it was formed to deal with the Grenadans, and by extension, the Austrians with them.? After seeing the results, the Pope declared what would shock the Catholic World when it was released to Europe at large.

"Very well, then it is under these terms that I announce the formation of the Iberian Union, led by the Crown of Portugal. Until the Moorish menace is defeated and driven from the Iberian peninsula, you three Kings will do your best to eliminate them! God wills it!"

Immediately the three Iberian Kings chanted back the Pope's words.

"God Wills It!"

With that said, the Iberian Union was formed and would face off in a proxy war against the Granadans. In doing so, the conflict between Austria and the Papacy had begun to take a more sinister turn. The winner of the fight for Iberia would determine the future of the world in many ways.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 290: Preparing to Visit the Kalmar Union
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the war for Iberia began to erupt between Granada and the newly established Iberian Union, Berengar sat back and expanded his naval forces. At the moment, the most critical area he was lacking in was Naval Power, and as such, he had further focused his efforts in that regard.

With the expansion of his naval might, the increase in demand for Oak became a reality as such, Berengar had begun to rely on imports from the Kalmar Union to sustain his growth. With the rise in trade between the Duchy of Austria and the Kalmar Union, the beliefs of the German Reformation began to spread to Scandinavia, in particular Sweden.

In its own form, a new Reformist movement had begun to appear in the region. With it, calls for aid to Austria were made by many Reformist noblemen within the Kingdom. As such, Berengar, who was sitting on his Ducal throne, began to read a letter with the seal of the Scandinavian Monarch embossed upon it.

The letter expressed interest in Reformist views and a willingness to discuss matters of importance between the two leaders. Berengar read the letter with a complicated expression on his face. Though Sweden was a major component of the Protestant revolution in his previous life, it was still a century too early for them to accept such beliefs.

Yet, due to his intervention, not only Sweden but all of Scandinavia had begun to be affected by Reformist thought. Unlike in Germany or Bohemia, the Reformist movement appeared to be peaceful in the North. Truthfully Berengar was in awe over such results, and as such, he was pretty cautious in the way he decided to handle this information.

After all, unlike the Byzantine Empire and the Emirate of Granada, one day, if all went as planned, then Berengar would share a border with the Scandinavians, and the idea of the conflicts resulting because of this was not a slim possibility.

As such, Berengar began to tap his armrest repeatedly as he thought about how to proceed with this invitation. While doing so, Honoria came into the room and spotted Berengar deep in thought. On her shoulder was her trusty eagle Heraclius who, as usual, gazed at Berengar with a watchful eye.

Heraclius was no fool, he knew that Berengar and Honoria were now in a relationship, and because of that, he was exceptionally cautious around the man; the eagle's job was to protect his master, and as such, he refused to allow a playboy like Berengar to break Honoria's heart.

Thus when Honoria approached Bernegar with a happy face, the eagle screeched at Berengar with hostility. Upon doing so, Berengar simply stared down the bird with a smile on his face. Ever since he had first bedded the princess, the eagle had become quite aggressive with him.

Nevertheless, Berengar did not think much of it and smiled amicably at the girl and her companion as she leaped into his arms and greeted him.

"Berengar! What are you doing here sitting on your throne by your lonesome?"

Upon hearing this, Bernegar sighed and handed the letter over to Honoria, allowing her to see the invitation in his hands after she read through the contents of the letter, a shocked expression formed on her lips.

The fact that a monarch of a powerful region like the Kalmar Union had invited him to stay in its capital and discuss matters of religion and trade was a big step forward; as such, she was delighted to see that Berengar was finally making friends.

"I'm impressed! First the Granadans, now the Scandinavians! You are beginning to make some allies!"

Upon hearing this, Berengar nodded his head and sighed before expressing the thoughts on his mind.

"So, do you want to sail with me up to Copenhagen?"

Upon hearing this, a broad smile formed across Honoria's lips as she grabbed ahold of Berengar and hugged him once more.

"Of course!"

After Berengar had missed their trip last year, Honoria fell into a deep depression; even though they finally became a couple, Berengar had taken Adela with him to his diplomatic visit to Granada shortly after, which had considerably gotten on her nerves.

Now that she could finally have some alone time with Berengar, she would not miss the opportunity; as such, she immediately released her hold over Berengar and scurried off while informing him of her intentions.

"I'll go pack right away!"

With that said, the young princess ran off to her room where she would begin to pack for her journey; as she did so, Heraclius' gaze never left Berengar's sight until he exited the room while perched upon Honoria's shoulder.

After the two of them disappeared, Berengar chuckled to himself as he began to drink from his skull chalice. While doing so, Linde appeared before him with a scowl on her face.

"You're leaving so soon? Didn't you visit Granada a few months ago?"

In response, Berengar raised from his seat and grabbed ahold of his woman before dragging her into his embrace. As he did so, he fondled large breasts and well her plump bottom while kissing her passionately in the process.

Linde was incredibly excited by these actions and began to flush with embarrassment. Seeing this, Berengar grabbed ahold of her hand and led her over to his throne, where he sat down and positioned his lover on top of him.

Linde looked around the room nervously, fearing being caught in the act, but as she did so, Berengar grabbed ahold of her chin and redirected her gaze into his deep sapphire eyes before speaking his mind.

"I will only be gone for a few weeks, and I need you to look after the kids. When I get back, I promise I won't leave your side for at least a week; you can have me all to yourself!"

Upon Hearing this, Linde began to lick her lover's fingers as she moved the flaps of her dress aside and positioned herself above Berengar's crotch. She was so excited that she no longer cared if she was seen, and as such, she allowed Berengar to enter inside of her.

As Linde began to make love to her man upon his throne, she moaned in pleasure while grasping ahold of Berengar's large hand. After a few moments, she expressed her thoughts to the young Duke of Austria. However, all she could get out between her moans were two words.

"Swear it!"

Berengar began to chuckle as he reversed their positions before answering the young woman's request while staring into her beautiful sky blue eyes.

"I swear to God that what I say is true when I return from Scandinavia; you can have me all to yourself for as much as you can handle!"

After saying this, the couple enjoyed themselves for some time; luckily for Linde, nobody had decided to intrude upon their shameless actions, and before long, Berengar was ready to depart with Honoria by his side.

After saying goodbye to his lover, and his children Berengar, Honoria, and Heraclius departed for Denmark to meet with the King of the Kalmar Union. Throughout the entire journey, Berengar would similarly treat Honoria to how he had just treated Linde in his throne room.

After all, what was the point of having two women if you could not enjoy them both?

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 291: Arriving in the Kalmar Union
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just like his Journey to Granada, Berengar had taken a Clipper with him to the Kalmar Union. Throughout the journey, Berengar and Honoria had spent most of it within the cabin. The couple made up for lost time in their own way.

By the time they arrived in Copenhagen, the capital of the Kalmar Union, Berengar and Honoria were almost completely drained of energy; they had spent so much time in bed that they were in dire need of some coffee or some protein.

As such, Berengar and Honoria were quite thankful when they arrived at the King's estate, where he greeted them with open arms. Berengar was initially cautious about such a meeting. Still, despite his worries, the King genuinely seemed to embrace the idea of Reformation, or at the very least tolerate it within his Kingdom.

The Kalmar King was a man in his late thirties with a long flowing golden beard and matching hair. His eyes were a pastel blue, and he had quite a large gut. This man was a glutton, as he weighed more than a man his size should.? Nevertheless, the man known as King Alvar quickly greeted Berengar with a pleasant smile on his face.

"Duke Berengar of Austria, your reputation proceeds you! Welcome to my humble abode! I look forward to speaking with you over the coming days."

Seeing the white-haired beauty standing next to Berengar, who was dressed in a mint green gown with golden embroidery, and a fur coat draped over it. The King's eyes instantly widened; this young woman was among the most beautiful women he had ever seen, and as such, he greatly desired her. However, the moment he gazed at her with lustful intent, Heraclius, who was perched upon her shoulder, screeched at him with hostility.

Thus the King was started; upon seeing this, Berengar chuckled slightly before giving the King of Scandinavia a fair warning.

"I wouldn't get any ideas if I were you; that bird is over-protective of the Lady Valeria..."

As usual, Berengar used Honoria's disguise as a cover; since he was bringing her along as his plus one, he had decided to use one of the girl's aliases. Of course, Honoria now had two aliases; one was an ordinary orphan and a privateer who was known as "Valeria Zonara," and the other was the Lady "Valeria Melodia," which was a more enhanced version of her initial alias.

Until Bernegar could marry the girl as his third wife, he had to be careful about her real identity. Since he was bringing her along with him on his journey to the Kalmar Union, he had to develop a new noble identity for her; as such, he and the princess spent some time on their journey overhauling her alias.

Luckily Scandinavia was so far away from the Byzantine Empire that there was no way to confirm her identity quickly. Thus the King instantly began to greet the woman known as Lady "Valeria."

"Apologies if I offended your pet, my Lady, it won't happen again."

To this, Berengar struggled to contain himself from snickering; as such, he grabbed ahold of Honoria's waist and dragged her into his embrace.

"The Lady Valeria is my lover, so I would advise you not to get any unhealthy thoughts about her..."

The intent was clear; Berengar was making a stance immediately to avoid any necessary drama; of course, the King of the Kalmar Union noticed this and immediately backed off. He had no desire to pick a fight with Austria, especially over a woman.

Thus he let go of his thoughts regarding Honoria and helped Berengar and his host move into his Castle. It was now close to wintertime, and it was dreadfully cold in Denmark. Thus Berengar and his subordinates were appropriately dressed in fine furs.

After getting settled into the same room Honoria and Berengar prepared themselves for the feast that was about to transpire. As such, they approached the Dining Hall where a large group of people was sitting. Catholics, Reformists, and Noblemen all gathered in the Dining Hall to greet Berengar.

Upon seeing this, Berengar was quite entertained by the idea of Catholics and Reformists sitting at the same table sharing bread while the rest of the Christian world was at war over their minor differences. When Berengar sat down at the table next to Honoria, they all began to say grace.

After that was finished, they dug into their meal, where the head of the local Reformist Church began to speak to Berengar as if he were a legendary figure.

"Your Grace, I must profess that I am a huge fan of your work; spreading the gospel to all of the people of Germany was a bold move, and I admire your bravery."

As for the Catholics, they had rather sour expressions. Under the decree of the King of the Kalmar Union, all Christian faiths were tolerated, The King may be a glutton, but he had seen what was happening in Germany and Bohemia and dreaded the idea of such a thing happening within his own realm.

Because of this, he had enacted law of religious tolerance and enforced peace between the burgeoning reformist faction and the Catholic Church within Scandinavia. Thus the Catholics were in a difficult position at the table, as they could not openly make a move against the man known as Berengar, "the Accursed."

Upon hearing this, Bernegar nodded towards the reformist and addressed his concerns.

"I believe it is essential for the average person to read the word of God and understand it within its entirety. There are many things the Catholic Church preaches that are based on the tradition founded upon pagan beliefs, rather than the word of Christ!"

Though the Catholics wanted to jump up in response to this comment, the King eyed them carefully with an authoritative gaze; as such, they calmed themselves and ate from the food provided at the table.

Seeing the Catholics behaving themselves, Berengar decided to bring up the topic in his mind as he addressed everyone at the table.

"Seeing Catholics and Reformists sharing a meal so peacefully is precisely the vision I had when I started my reformist movement. Unfortunately in Germany, and Bohemia, the Vatican holds too much power and sought to destroy us.

I am glad to see that you, King Alvar have such firm control over your lands that you can allow the peaceful co-existence of our two beliefs systems."

On the one hand, this was a compliment to King Alvar and the Kalmar Union; on the other hand, it was an insult to the Catholics, implying that they hold too much power over the laws of man and that secular rule was more important.

Nevertheless, both King Alvar and his Reformist members of his Court were happy to hear Berengar's compliment, and as such, King Alvar began to speak to Berengar.

"You honor me, oh mighty Duke of Austria; I have heard of your exploits; in the taverns, they sing songs about you as if you were some ancient folk hero. The man who commands thunder! That is what some of the bards are referring to you as."

Berengar chuckled at this remark before responding.

"I claim no such thing, I simply command thousands of men with thousands of guns, and their echo merely resembles thunder."

After hearing this, King Alvar began to laugh, so much so that he began to choke on the food he was eating. The moment he did so, the people in the room began to panic; before long, the man was keeled over, trying his hardest to breathe.

Luckily Berengar was in the room and immediately sprang to action where he got behind the man and used the Heimlich maneuver he had learned during his duration in the army in his previous life.

After a few attempts, the King spat out the chunk of meat lodged in his throat and gasped for air. It took the King a few moments to realize what had happened; after doing so, he got up from his feet and patted Berengar on the back.

"I owe you my life!"

To this, Berengar merely shrugged his hand off and replied calmly.

"It was nothing; I know you would have done the same..."

Despite knowing for a fact that Alvar was incapable of doing such a thing, Berengar's humble attitude in the act of heroism left a favorable impression on the Scandinavian nobility who had gathered at the table.

With that said, King Alvar returned to his seat, where he began to make a toast before drinking from his chalice.

"To a lasting friendship with Austria!"

Afterward, the people of the Court began to drink away their shock and chat among themselves. Though Berengar knew he would not be able to easily establish a military alliance with the Kalmar Union, this coincidental event was enough to help secure him in their good graces. At the very least, he would not have to worry about an invasion from the North for the time being.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 292: Fishing and Diplomacy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar awoke bright and early on the cold near winter's morning; he was lying naked in a feather bed covered in bear fur; Honoria's beautiful bare figure was lying next to him. She was wrapped lovingly around him as if she was utterly unwilling to let him out of her sight, even in her sleep.

As for Heraclius, he was sitting perched on the stand Honoria had brought with her for the pet eagle, giving Berengar the stink eye. The more Heraclius stared at Berengar with his master, the more protective he felt.

Regardless Berengar returned the Eagle's fierce stare with a wicked smile; after doing so, he grabbed ahold of Honoria's sizeable bust and squeezed it softly before kissing her on the lips. The girl quickly awoke after feeling this and stared into Bernegar's sapphire eyes.

He was not wearing his eyepatch at the moment, and as such, she was able to see his scarred pupil, along with his perfectly intact one, which she rarely got to see. Despite the grievous injury, she was not in the least bit frightened; if anything, in her mind, it added to Berengar's character.

As such, she cupped his face lovingly as she pushed him down onto the bed and began to kiss him passionately upon the neck. Before long, the two were going at it once more, and Heraclius had decided to shield his eyes with his wing.

Since he was trapped in this room with a closed window, there was no way for him to escape the scene; as such, he did his best to avoid it. The entire journey had been like this, and he was beginning to get annoyed with the young couple.

After some time, Honoria and Bernegar got dressed, where they greeted the King and his family at the dining table for breakfast. After the previous night, King Alvar and Berengar had gotten along quite well, both men had a penchant for drinking, and Berengar had saved his life.

However, Berengar asked for nothing in return, insisting that he was merely doing the right thing and that righteous action should not be repaid as a favor. The reason for this was quite simple, in front of the Scandinavian Reformists, they would see this as proof of Berengar's supposed true nature, despite the Catholic Church's slander.

As for the Catholic Church, they could not use the event to smear his name, and thus Berengar had bought himself some good publicity in the eyes of the Scandinavian people.

Truthfully Berengar did not want a military alliance with the Kalmar Union. He was confident there would be some conflicts with them in the future over the Schleswig-Holstein question.? Thus what Berengar wanted in this visit was to establish a beneficial trade agreement between the two realms and a non-aggression pact.

His goal with this breakfast was to enhance further his relations with the Royal Family of the Kalmar Union. Thus Berengar was seated next to Honoria as they dined upon the simple food. It was mainly rye bread, cabbage, and salted pork.

As Berengar ate the food, he inquired about the King's plans for the day.

"So, King Alvar, tell me, what do you have planned for today?"

Seeing as how King Alvar was entertaining a vital guest, he decided to do something recreational, and as such, he stared at Berengar across the table with a fat grin on his face.

"I was thinking of going fishing. Would you like to tag along?"

Without a second's hesitation, Berengar nodded his head and accepted the offer.

"If you are offering, then I would be happy to accept."

Upon hearing this, Honoria instantly began to tug on Berengar's sleeve with a pouting expression. She did not want to be left alone with the Royal family and a contingent of guards. Nevertheless, Berengar needed to secure his goals in this visit, and as such, he had to leave her behind. After all, fishing was a task where men could bond, and a woman's presence would ruin it.

As such, Alvar's house and Berengar's host enjoyed a simple breakfast filled with acceptable banter; it was not until that afternoon where Berengar and King Alvar departed from the Castle and approached the docks of Copenhagen, where they began to cast out the lines of their fishing rods and angle for a meal.

Though the medieval fishing rod was different than the gear Berengar was accustomed to in the 21st century from his past life, he quickly adapted to it and before long was sitting back and waiting for a bite.

As he did so, he reached into his fur coat and pulled out a wineskin where he began to drink from it; after doing so, he wiped off the lid before handing it over to King Alvar. Alvar nodded at Berengar as he took a sip from the wineskin; after doing so, he handed it right back to Berengar.

As the two men sipped on fortified wine while fishing off the coast of Copenhagen, Berengar eventually broke the silence and asked the question on his mind.

"Can I ask you something, your Highness?"

Hearing Berengar speak in such a severe tone made the King curious, and as such, he nodded his head silently, giving Berengar permission to ask his question.

"What do you intend to do when the Pope finally declares a Crusade on the German Reformation?"

By now, the wineskin had made its way back into Alvar's hand, and as such, he took a big gulp before responding to the question with another question.

"What do you think I should do about it?"

It was apparent the man was testing Berengar. The man was all too aware of the stories of Bernegar's conquests. He knew that so long as the Catholic Church held significant power, the two factions would fight each other until one managed to gain dominance.

He also knew Berengar did not plan to sit back in Austria quietly and most likely had grand ambitions. As such, he was curious if Berengar would call in a favor for saving his life now that they were in private. However, Berengar's answer was not what he expected. Instead, Berengar spoke clearly and confidently as he outlined exactly how he thought the future events would unfold.

"Honestly, it is in the best interest of you and your people not to get involved, you have already promoted tolerance of Christian faiths in your land, if you choose one side, you will only be inviting internal chaos, and I have no desire to see the Kalmar Union tear itself apart from internal strife."

Berengar could have further elaborated about the strength of his army versus that of the crusaders. Instead, he chose to keep it short and straightforward, in doing so, nudging towards the idea of a non-aggression pact.

As such, the response from King Alvar was one of surprise; truthfully, he had spent the previous night lamenting the debt he owed Berengar after his life was saved, as he did not want to get involved with the Crusade. As such, he began to speak to Berengar with caution as he attempted to clarify the issue at hand.

"You don't want me to send troops to your aid?"

In response to this question, Berengar merely shook his head as he answered honestly.

"Rather than ask for your support, I would prefer you make your stance known to the world that you have no intent to get involved. Sign a Non-Aggression pact between our two realms, and I can sleep easy knowing that an invasion from the Far North is not a possibility."

Upon hearing this, King Alvar sighed heavily; he felt as if a great weight on his heart had been released; as such, he nodded his head and placed out his hand to shake upon the agreement.

"Deal!"

With that said, the two men shook hands, agreeing not to attack each other in the near future. Shortly after that, Berengar's line began to bob, and he immediately began angling for the fish. After a brief struggle, Berengar was able to real it in. The two men smiled as they gazed upon the size of the fish that Berengar had caught. It was a North Sea cod, and its size was about 100 lbs and was close to five feet in size.

Upon seeing this, Alvar was amazed; Among all of the cod, he had ever seen fished from the shore this was one of the biggest. As such, the two men were eager to have the fish gutted and cooked so that they could eat it.

Thus, the two men returned to the Castle to draft an official non-aggression pact between Austria and the Kalmar Union. By doing this Berengar ensured that no man from Scandinavia would enter his realm during the next Crusade. If they did so, they would be punished to the fullest extent of the law.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 293: I Can Die Happy Now
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Several weeks had passed since Berengar first visited the Kalmar Union. The day after returning from his fishing trip with King Alvar, Berengar and the Scandinavian king signed a non-aggression pact between Austria and the Kalmar Union into effect.

The two men also signed a comprehensive trade agreement designed to bring wealth to both countries via open trade of raw materials. As such, Berengar was able to acquire raw materials like timber and furs at a reasonable price.

After returning home, Berengar found himself fulfilling his promise to his dear lover. Linde monopolized a week's worth of Bernegar's time, refusing to allow him to work during that period. As such, he spent the days with his beautiful young lover. When they weren't making love, they were spending time as a family with their children.

During this time, Honoria had spent it training the crew she was raising, and as such, rarely saw Berengar. After all, she was well aware of the promise he had made to Linde and had no plans to intrude upon them.

Before Berengar knew it, his birthday had arrived, and with it, winter had officially begun. Today was December 21st, 1420, and it was Berengar's twenty-fourth birthday. As such, numerous guests had arrived to celebrate it, and though Berengar wanted to keep the attendance to a minimum, he could not very well decline those who had shown up.

To Berengar, a birthday was just any other day, and he had never really cared for it; after all, he had spent the overwhelming majority of his birthdays in his past life alone and thus felt uncomfortable having so many people over celebrating what to him was just an average day.

After being surrounded by various guests for some time, Berengar finally managed to escape their grasp as he went to his balcony, where he began to smoke some hemp. Berengar had long since cultivated the material for the textile industry, but now and then, when his nerves were in a wreck, he would smoke some hemp.

Unlike cannabis, hemp flower contained a shallow content of THC, and as such, he did not get high. However, it did have a large amount of CBD, and thus it aided with relaxation. As long as there was no tobacco for him to smoke, hemp was pretty much the best way for him to calm his nerves.

Eventually, his smoking session came to a halt when Adela appeared behind Berengar and wrapped her hands over his eyes. The moment she did, she asked the question on her mind with a pretty smile on her face.

"Guess who?"

The moment Berengar heard this, a smile appeared on his face as he put out the Hemp cigarette; he then grabbed ahold of Adela's dainty hands before answering her question.

"Adela, I know it's you..."

Because Berengar had not played along with the young woman's games, she immediately let go of him and began to pout. The moment Berengar saw this, he thought it was adorable and petted her silky golden hair in response.

This only caused Adela to pout further as she was still being treated as a child, despite her growth over the last few years. After seeing this, Berengar extended his hand out as he looked back inside at the party that was taking place in the ballroom. In doing so, he asked Adela the question she most likely wanted to hear.

"Would you care for a dance?"

After hearing this, all of Adela's discontent flew out the window, and she immediately began to smile as she grasped ahold of Berengar's hand, where he led her to the dance floor. Though it had been a while since they had last danced, Berengar did not forget the movements and began to waltz with his fiancee as the crowd of guests watched.

As usual, Berengar had stolen the show with his graceful appearance and a beautiful girl by his side, and thus all eyes had drawn themselves to him and his young fiancee. As for Linde and Honoria, they watched with enviable expressions. The two women hatched a plan in their minds at the same time and began to communicate with one another in secret.

The moment Berengar had finished his dance with Adela, both Linde and Honoria approached him; despite his exhaustion from the event, Berengar could see the keen interest in their eyes and reached out his hand towards Linde where he began to dance with her for some time.

The guests gazed upon Berengar and his lover with complicated expressions. Berengar's affair with Linde was well known to the Austrian nobility at this point, after all, he had two children with the girl, and despite this scandal, there were few brave enough to rebuke it openly.

However, what truly shocked them was that after Berengar had danced with both Adela and Linde, he took Honoria's hand and waltzed with her as well. Few people outside of Kufstein knew of Berengar's newest acquisition, and as such, they were pretty surprised to see that Berengar had potentially taken another lover.

After all, the way the two looked at each other was as passionate as the others. As such, a new rumor would begin to spread as the nobility of Austria attempted to inquire about the identity of the young white-haired woman who was by Berengar's side.

Eventually, the dancing ended, and Berengar opened his presents; it was primarily lavish gifts that Berengar had no use for. Nevertheless, he thanked every one of the guests who provided them before moving on to the cake.

Soon the celebration came to an end, and the guests who had visited Kufstein had departed from the castle, their goal being to spend the night in the lodgings provided for them within Kufstein city. Adela and her family stayed behind and were granted access to the castle.

After spending some time drinking with Marquess Otto, who Berengar had promoted from a Count to his current position after rising to power, Berengar returned to his quarters where a surprise present was waiting for him.

Upon entering his bed-chambers, he noticed two beautiful young women dressed in a nearly matching pair of translucent silk negligees. Linde's exceptionally curvy body showed through the sky blue material, revealing her perky pink nipples beneath them.

As for Honoria, she was dressed in the same garment but in the color of mint green to match her own eyes. Unlike Linde, who was quite amorous by nature, Honoria was blushing profusely as she held onto Linde's hand for encouragement.

The two had arranged that their gift for Berengar would be something special, and as such, they decided to present themselves for his enjoyment on his birthday night. The moment Berengar saw the two gorgeous girls dressed in such enticing attire, all of his exhaustion accumulated throughout the day vanished from his body, and he shut the door behind him.

As he approached the bed, Linde took the lead and was the first to speak as she got up and began to disrobe Berengar.

"Master, this is your gift for tonight; please make use of your slave however you see fit!"

Honoria struggled to speak the lustful thoughts she had prepared in her head to entice Berengar; after she approached Berengar to help Linde disrobe him, the young duke grabbed ahold of her plump bottom and squeezed it, which caused her to lose her thought process.? After a few seconds, she calmed herself, despite her flushed appearance, and spoke her mind.

"Daddy, show me your love; Linde and I are prepared to satisfy you in whatever way you desire tonight!"

Berengar struggled to contain his growing lust, and after he was fully undressed, pushed the two girls on the bed and pounced on them like a tiger in heat. He would spend the entire night making love to his two women; it was only after the dawn had risen and the three of them were covered in sweat, among other bodily fluids, that they fell asleep in each other's arms.

As Berengar began to pass out, one final thought appeared on his mind.

"I can die happy now..."

He had no way of knowing it, but this event had strengthened the bonds between the three of them. Eventually, such a scene would become routine for Berengar and his lovers. At the moment, he was thoroughly enjoying his peaceful life. However, peace never lasted for long, and soon enough, Austria would be thrust into another war.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 294: Assembling a Crew II
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Since Berengar's birthday, a total of three months had passed, and it was now the early months of 1421; throughout these past few months, Honoria had worked on assembling a crew from the wayward women of not only Austria but the nearby regions as well. Germans, Italians, Moors, and Serbs had gathered among the ranks of her privateer crew and trained efficiently in the art of sailing.

At the moment, Berengar was standing before Honoria, who was dressed in her privateer Captain's attire. He was the only free man allowed onboard the 20 gun sloop of war which Honoria had named the "Honoria's Revenge" after herself. Though few knew her actual identity, and as such, it was presumed to be named after the missing Byzantine Princess.

Berengar had brought a few weapons crates with him on board, where he then opened them to reveal the contents hidden within. When the woman around him gazed at the weapons, they were not surprised. Honoria had promised that Berengar would provide them with firearms; however, when he explained the function of the guns, they were shocked to hear it.

"These are the 1421 Repeating Rifled Muskets. They are capable of firing 30-60 rounds a minute and are appropriately rifled. They utilize the .58 caliber minie ball projectile, and I assure you are lethal out to three hundred yards, even if your opponent is armored in full plate."

Berengar had to look out for Honoria, and since her entire crew was comprised of women, he ensured she was adequately equipped to defeat men in battle. As such, he created a series of firearms based upon the Jennings rifle from his previous life.

The Jennings rifle was a percussion cap rifle that used superposed loads to rapidly fire multiple shots from a single barrel in a short amount of time. Due to the lack of mercury fulminate, Berengar had altered the design to a flintlock action.

The Jennings rifle that the 1421 Repeating Rifled Musket was based on consists of a single barrel and lock, which could fire twenty charges in two seconds per charge. The rifle utilized a sliding lock and multiple touchholes similar to earlier designs.

The firearm also utilized a mechanism for automatically priming the pan of the lock. In simpler terms, this was a flintlock repeating rifle, whereby simply cocking the gun and pulling the trigger up to twenty rounds could be fired off down rage rapidly.

Berengar also designed pistols based upon this principle as sidearms for the women to wield; essentially, they would be able to effectively engage any man in combat without the need to draw blades. The reason for this was because they could simply fire over twenty rounds without ever needing to reload their weapons.

With this in mind, Berengar decided to demonstrate the weapons as he handed Honoria the first repeating flintlock; she had long since been trained in their use. As such, the princess began to teach her privateers how to load the weapons before she tested them on a series of targets set up on the shore.

The moment Honoria cocked the flintlock action and fired at a distance of a hundred yards, the minie ball projectile struck through the steel breastplate that was adorned atop the straw target and blasted through the other side with ease.

Before anyone had time to react, she cocked the action again and fired another precise shot towards the next target. She repeated this a total of twenty times, hitting most of the dummies in the process. One could say under Berengar's supervision; she had become an excellent marksman; after all, there were few things hotter than a woman who knew how to handle a gun.

After smoking her targets, Honoria turned around with a broad smile and asked Berengar the question on her mind.

"Did I do good, daddy?"

At this point, she was so used to calling Berengar by that term that it did not even cross her mind that all of her crew members were present to witness it. Berengar, on the other hand, was still not entirely on board with the whole thing and, as such, cleared his throat before responding.

"You did well..."

After hearing this, Honoria smiled before jumping off the bow and into Berengar's arms before kissing his cheek. All of her crewmembers were stunned by Honoria's actions, they had no idea that Honoria had such a relationship with the Duke of Austria, but they suddenly understood why they were permitted to engage in such a deadly profession.

The only member among the crew who knew what kind of relationship Honoria had with Berengar was Melissa. The latter had given up the life of a peaceful employee of a textile factory to join Honoria's privateering crew. If the princess was going to go out on adventures and get herself in trouble, Melissa wanted to be by her side to help.

After this embarrassing display of affection, Berengar began handing out the weapons and training the women in their use; this would be their next goal now that they were semi-experienced sailors. As such, the operation of the repeating muskets and cannons was the next step in the training of this wayward crew of wenches.

While Honoria was training the women, Elfrun, in particular, was messing with something far more sinister. She had been educated in Berengar's public education system and had always been interested in chemistry. Thus she had begun experimenting with explosives ever since she joined Honoria's crew.

Despite being in her early teens, one could say the young girl had become quite obsessed with the explosives such as grenades. As such, she was playing with one of those same explosives when Berengar walked over to her.

After doing so, she looked up at him with a murderous glint in her eyes, which Berengar found to be quite odd. However, the girl's following words explained her reasoning perfectly.

"Go away... womanizer."

In Elfrun's eyes, there was little difference between Berengar and the lower nobleman who tried to purchase her. They were both the same, lecherous men who abused their wealth and power to get what they wanted; as such, she had no interest in talking to Berengar.

Upon hearing this, Berengar chuckled and nodded his head before walking away; the only thing he said to the girl before departing were the words.

"You're not wrong..."

Afterward, he left the girl who was playing with grenades to her own devices. Hopefully, she wouldn't do something stupid and irresponsible with those explosives. As such, Berengar returned to Honoria and began to flirt with her; while he did this, Elfrun's gaze did not escape his trail, and she immediately bit her lip upon seeing the way Honoria acted around the young Duke.

Berengar spent the day getting to know Honoria's various crew members that she had rallied together, and by the end of it, he was quite pleased with the results. At the very least, he could trust these women around his lover.

Though they did not appear like much, this crew would soon become notorious on the Mediterannean sea, and their actions would inspire many young men to take up arms in privateering on behalf of the Crown of Austria.

Honoria would be the first to usher in a new era of Naval Warfare, one that Berengar greatly anticipated. As Honoria and her crew of salty wenches began to transition into the life of privateering, other events were transpiring across the world, but those are tales for another time.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 295: Marching on Cairo
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Months had passed since Honoria assembled her crew, and now on the other edge of the Mediterranean in the lands of Pharaohs and Kings, Arethas was in the process of humbling the Mamluk Sultanate.

With the military aid provided to him by the Duchy of Austria, the Byzantine forces stationed in North Africa had made substantial progress, so much so that they were now outside Cairo's gates.

Despite the stable walls built around the proud city, the thunder of dozens of falconets could be overheard by the residents within those walls. With every volley, the city began to shake, and the one-pound cannon balls chipped away at the stone fortifications that had protected the civilians within it for generations.

If Cario were seized, then the rest of the Egyptian province would fall shortly after. The Mamluke's last bastion in the easternmost region of the Mediterranean was on the verge of collapse. As such, Its defenders desperately fired arrows down upon the Byzantine troops.

Unlike Berengar's forces, which were armored over their vital regions with quenched and hardened high carbon steel plate armor, the troops of the Byzantine Empire were armored primarily in mild steel mirror-pattern armor, over a mail hauberk.

Because of this, there were still some significant gaps in their protection. Thus the arrows and bolts fired by the Mamluke archers were capable of finding their way through those gaps and, as a result, significantly injured the Byzantine Soldiers, if not outright killing them.

Currently, Arethas was standing at the rear of the siege camp that had been set up, watching his artillerymen fire the falconet cannons, while his arkebusiers resisted the enemy's fire. Those brave byzantine soldiers unleashed their destructive volleys upon the enemy defenders while being pelted with arrows and bolts.

As the Byzantine arkebusiers fired upon the defenders, their projectiles made their way up onto the ramparts. Those Mamlukes unfortunate to be hit by the volley found their armor shredded, and their lives lost. Blood splattered across the battlefield as the number of deaths began to skyrocket.

After several hours of heated conflict, the bombardments ceased, and the soldiers of both sides returned to their quarters. For the Byzantines, they had set up a standard medieval siege camp outside the city's gates.

Inside this camp, Arethas chastised his artillery officers; due to the cast iron material that these guns were made of, they could not sustain a continuous bombardment, unlike the high carbon steel that Berengar had fashioned his cannons from.

They needed time to cool down, or else they would risk a rupture in the bore. Thus the siege had been progressing slower than he initially wanted it to. Who was to take the blame for such a thing? Naturally, it fell to the artillery officers.

"How come those walls are still standing? It has been nearly a week since we have begun our bombardment, and yet to my surprise; we are still standing out here in the desert with our thumbs up our asses! Bring down those walls, or else!"

The Artillery officers looked at one another with confused expressions. They did not dare reveal that Decentius, who was the second Prince of the Empire, and Arethas' right-hand man had ordered them to sustain a bombardment long enough to draw the defenders' attention.

The reason for this was shrouded in conspiracy, and Arethas was unaware of it, as such, he continued to chastise the artillery officers.

"I swear if that wall is not brought down by tomorrow morning, your heads will be--"

During mid-sentence, Arethas cut his words short as the ground had begun to quake, and with it, an eruption had occurred. This was no simple earthquake; soon, the fortifications around the City of Cairo began to crumble.

Walls and watchtowers began to fall to the ground as the very foundation they were built upon blasted itself apart. It was as if hell itself had decided to sprout from within the cities. The screams of the defending soldiers and the citizens within echoed in the air as a giant explosive blast filled the air.

Arethas watched this horrific sight in shock as he gazed upon the destruction wrought upon the city of Cairo; before long, he could overhear Prince Decentius, who was his second in command, and godson cheering in the distance as he screamed at the top of his lungs.

"For the Empire!"

with his chant, all of the soldiers in the Byzantine camp began to cheer with him. As Arethas looked around the battlefield and the destruction that was wrought upon it, there was little time before the Byzantines rallied behind Decentius and charged into the ruins of the city.

With the Prince leading the charge, the Byzantines rushed past the broken walls and began to stick their pikes in the flesh of any man unfortunate enough to be still breathing after such a catastrophic event.

Blood began to fill the streets of Cairo as the Byzantine soldiers claimed the lives of every soul within its gates. No man, woman, or child was spared the slaughter that Decentius had ordered. Such a thing had never occurred under Arethas' watch, and as such, the brave Strategos instantly tried to stop the senseless murder.

However, before the man could do so, he found himself beset on all sides by his soldiers, who had lowered their pikes in his direction. These men had been under his care for years, and yet now they were preventing him from stopping Decentius's merciless butchering of the city.

Arethas, the great Strategos of Ionia and commander of the Emperor's armies in North Africa, had no way of knowing that Prince Decentius had gone behind his back and had ordered a tunnel to be built beneath the city where it was filled with explosive casks along its foundation.

When this task was finally completed, one of the explosive barrels was lit aflame and before long exploded, resulting in a chain reaction that tore the city to pieces. Why did Decentius do this? It was because he wanted the glory of conquering the last vestige of Mamluke power in Egypt for himself.

After having failed to locate the runaway Princesses' whereabouts, Decentius had been mired in disgrace and shunned by his father. He knew that the only way to redeem himself was to claim a great military victory on his own.

With this action, Cairo had fallen, and the prestige that came with it entered the young Prince's grasp. By doing so, Decentius had made a name for himself as the Conqueror of Egypt and would likely convince many of his father's supporters to aid him in his war for succession against his elder brother.

Arethas was held at bay for some time until not a single living Mamluke was present within the city; only after all life had been snuffed out of existence did Decentius appear before the pike wall that had surrounded the mighty Strategos.

When Arethas gazed upon his godson, all he could see was malice in the boy's eyes. Arethas knew not what Decentius's intentions were, as such he decided to interrogate the boy for his treacherous actions.

"Decentius! This was your plan? Do you realize what you have done? The Mamlukes will never forgive the blood you have shed this day!"

As Decentius heard this, his expression became downcast as he spoke the words that weighed on his heart.

"I will mourn your loss, Arethas; you were like a father to me; if it were not for that bitch Honoria and her antics, I would not have to resort to this! Forgive me, my friend!"

With that said, Decentius grabbed ahold of a nearby pike and thrust it through the neck of the Strategos of Ionia, where Arethas began to choke on his blood. As he did so, Decentius retrieved the weapon and held onto Arethas, gazing into his eyes as the man's soul slowly departed from this world.

Not once did Arethas ever expect that he would be betrayed by the young man he thought of as his son. In the end, the mighty Strategos of Ionia, who was supposed to reconquer North Africa, with the weapons Berengar had provided him.

The man who was supposed to use his friendship with Berengar to create an alliance between Austria and Byzantium was reported to have died in battle during the early days of the war. The conquest of Egypt and Lybia would be known to history as a feat achieved by Decentius Palaiologos.

What effect these events would have on the relations between the Duchy of Austria and the Byzantine Emperor would remain to be seen. One thing was certain; if Honoria were ever to become aware of the betrayal that her brother had done unto the late Strategos of Ionia, she would stop at nothing to have his head.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 296: Invasion of Murcia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Months had gone by since the conflict in Iberia had reignited. At the moment, Hasan was at the head of his army, backed by Arnulf and his other officers who acted in an advisory capacity to the Granadan forces.

In front of their army of 15,000 men was an army of 20,000 Iberians. This army was just one of the many units at the disposal of Granada's enemies.? As for the troops at Hasan's command, this was the maximum amount of soldiers he could field at the moment.

Hasan had boldly taken an offensive stance in this conflict after months of defending his borders; as such, he was attacking a region owned by Castile known as Murcia. This region was on the borders of his Emirate and once belonged to the Moors.

Due to centuries of Reconquista, the Moors had been continuously pushed back from the land they had conquered in Iberia to the point that now the Emirate of Granada was all that remained. Before Berengar endorsed the Sultan, it appeared as if the moors would be pushed out of the region entirely.

Yet now, with the military aid that had been given to them, they were able to hold their ground for the time being. As such, Hasan had taken advantage of the situation to press into Murcia. With General Arnulf nearby, Hasan felt the need to ask the Austrian the question on his mind.

"What do you think of our chances?"

To this, Arnulf scratched his chin before responding.

"If your army fulfills their duty to the standards we have trained them in, I'd say there's at least a 60% chance of victory..."

This figure did not make Hasan very hopeful, however, it was best not to dwell on such things; as such, he sighed heavily before giving his officers their orders.

"Prepare the cannons to fire, tell the arkebusiers to load their weapons, and begin their march. The pikeman shall protect their flanks, as for the Cavalry form on me!"

At this point, Hasan unsheathed his ivory and gold-hilted Damascus steel shamshir and raised it into the air as he began to trod forth with his Cavalry. The heavily armored Granadan horsemen started their descent from the hilltop above as the falconet cannons began to open fire on the Iberian Union's forces.

The one-pound cannonballs flew at great speed into the ranks of the enemy forces, shattering through their shields and armor and sending those unfortunate enough to get hit by them directly into the afterlife.

In response to this, the Catholic Knights immediately began their charge at the infantry; however, the pikes were lowered, scaring the horses to run amok. When they got near, the massive pike wall several Knights were thrown off their steeds and onto the ground below where the pikes were thrust into them.

Some of the Knights were unfortunate enough to have gaps in their armor pierced, and as such were wounded, or possibly killed as their blood oozed onto the field below. Other's simply got up from the ground and tried to break through the pike wall.

However, when they did so, the arkebusiers who had been holding their shots opened fire on the knights and men at arms in front of them, sending their lead projectiles through their torsos and helmets and claiming their lives in the hundreds.

Many of the soldiers missed their shots, and after the volley had been fired, they began to reload their weapons, first by taking off the lit match and holding it to the side, then by opening one of the twelve apostles that hung from their bandolier, these so-called apostles contained the powder and shot necessary to load the arkebuse firearms.

They then poured the apostle's contents down the barrel before compacting the powder and shot into the barrel with their ramrods. After finishing that step, they had placed the ramrod back in its socket before raising the gun, where they poured some powder from their flask into the pan. After doing so, they put the match back on the lock and cocked it back into action before presenting their arms at the enemy.

The entire process took close to a minute for the Granadan troops to complete, and while they had done so, they were being protected by the ranks of pikeman who rushed into the fray and kept the enemy at bay.

The battle raged on, and the Pikemen withdrew from the front allowing the Arkebusiers to aim their weapons and fire another shot into the mix. With the Catholic Knights sorely defeated, the Granadan Cavalry struck at the rear of the Iberian formation.

Under Hasan's leadership, the Cavalry had circled the enemy troops and attacked from the rear, causing chaos and devastation among their ranks. The lances and swords utilized by the Granadan Cavalry as they attacked the hostile soldiers pierced through their weak spots and claimed their lives, spilling blood and bile onto the field in the process.

As Hasan was riding on horseback, a cannonball whizzed past his head, nearly claiming his life; the moment it did so, the young Sultan almost pissed his pants in fear. Nevertheless, he calmed himself and pressed on as his soldiers trampled through the Granadans ranks.

Seeing that the Cavalry had now gotten in range of the friendly cannons, Arnful waved a small flag signaling the Artillery to cease their attack. As such, they immediately complied with their orders and waited for the battle to resolve itself.

Arnulf was smirking as he gazed upon the field, the medieval forces of the Iberian Union were not ready for the era of pike and shot, and the victories that had been achieved up until this point was proof of such a thing.

Arnulf had no idea how Berengar had come up with such viable strategies, but he was there when Bernegar's armies made use of them during the war with Kitzbühel; it had been a little over three years since that minor border war, and yet in that time so much had happened.

The young Viscount could hardly believe how far he had come in this time, and it was all thanks to one man, even if that man was a filthy degenerate who used the German Reformation as an excuse to absolve himself of his actions in the public eye.

As such, a wry smile appeared on the man's face as he reflected on his past. While he was doing this, the Iberian forces had begun to route, and thus, Arnulf snapped to attention, waving a flag in the air signaling the Granadan troops to halt.

Eventually, the message was spread, and the Granadans ceased their pursuit of the Iberian Union's army. Though this was not a victory that caused significant casualties to the enemies, it had severely weakened their morale and, more importantly, opened up their path to controlling the province.

With the battle over, Arnulf rode down with his officers into the field alongside the Grandan troops who had begun to clean up the battlefield, taking anything of value from the fallen Iberian forces and leaving the rest for the crows to feast upon.

After arriving in front of Hasan, Arnulf decided to give the man congratulations for his victory.

"Your Eminence, Sultan Hasan Al-Fadl, I congratulate you for your victory on this day. Let this be a reminder to the Catholic scum who dare to invade your lands that even a wolf that has been backed into a corner still has teeth!"

Upon hearing this, Hasan, whose armor was stained in the blood of his enemies, began to laugh.

"Well said, my Austrian friend. However, now is not the time to celebrate; first, we must win this war!"

With that said, the war in Iberia had begun to escalate, as the Granadan forces would soon seize control of Murcia and make further conquests into Catholic territory; the battle here in the Murcian plains was the first of the Emirates of Granada's offensive campaign against their enemies.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 297: Minting New Currency
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Now that Berengar had established supreme reign over the Duchy of Austria and had begun the process of incorporating the silver and gold mines from throughout the Austrian alps, he decided it was now time to introduce a national currency.

Gold was severely limited at this time. Until he could gain the vast wealth of a region like Mexico, or South Africa, he had no means to acquire a substantial sum of the coveted material as such, Berengar had decided to keep with the silver standard.

The most significant problem that the Austrian economy had faced up until this point was that the currency's production was completely localized. The size and quality of the currency entirely depended on regional rulers, and as such, it was horribly debased.

Thus Berengar had opted to revitalize the Austrian coinage and in the process make it the universal standard for trade in all of Europe, especially now that his trade reached most corners of the Mediterranean.

Thus, with the stroke of a pen, Berengar utilized his executive authority to establish the Coinage Act of 1420. With this, he intended to create a stable centralized currency in the hands of the Austrian Government, and by Austrian Government, he meant himself.

This so-called Austrian Thaler was minted with his visage on the front and the Austiran Reichsadler, or Double-Eagle on the back. It had a finely made reeded edge and was quite aesthetically pleasing.

The silver thaler was made of 99.9% fine silver; it weighed one troy ounce and had a diameter of 1.5 inches, with a thickness of 0.13 inches. This silver coin was exceptional when compared to the previous currency used within the Duchy of Austria or that which is currently used around the world.

To accompany this Austrian Thaler, which would act as his silver standard, Berengar also minted a gold coin of a similar design to go along with it; this would scarcely be used in anything other than transactions of significant sizes, as its value was too large.

This golden coin was named the Austrian Gulden and shared the aesthetic design of the Thaler, the primary difference being it was made out of 99.9% or 24ct gold and was in slightly different dimensions. While it still weighs one troy ounce and has a diameter of 1.5 inches, its thickness was smaller than the Austrian Thaler, with a thickness of 0.08 inches.

Berengar wanted a robust currency for his realm, and as such, he had decided that pure coinage, free of debasement was the best option. Thus, he had begun to put the massive stockpiles of gold and silver he had accumulated over the years into producing these two coins.

After establishing the new currency, Berengar also enacted another law which was the Banking Act of 1420. In this act, he founded a national Bank which was open to citizens of all social standing; this bank could be used to hold currency and distribute loans, among other things.

With these two economic reforms being established, Berengar could claim that control of the nation's economy was thoroughly centralized in the hands of his Dynasty. As such, a broad smile was on his face as he gazed at the silver and gold coins that were in his hands.

While he gazed at the coins that displayed his appearance without the eye injury, he was pretty pleased with the way they had turned out. They did not appear like the poor depictions one could find on most medieval coins and instead looked semi-lifelike, much like a modern coin.

The process used to create these coins was quite advanced; Berengar utilized the rolling press machine from his previous life. This device used two cylindrical dies that impressed designs on bullion which rolled between them. Once this bullion was imprinted and rolled, the coins were then punched out from the material with a water-powered hammer.

Because of this process, most of the coins were relatively uniform and virtually indistinguishable from one another. The actual presentation of the image on the coins was also exceptionally higher than the old hammer coins that other countries were currently using.

While Berengar was admiring the set of coins in front of him; he was utterly unaware that Honoria had slipped into the room. She ever so slightly nudged the door open and slid into the room on her knees, which was below the sight of Berengar's desk.

As such, she crawled over to Berengar with a wicked smile carved upon her luscious lips. There was only one purpose for so stealthily entering the room, and that was to scare Berengar.

The young princess eventually rounded the corner of the desk on Berengar's right side, which was the side of his wounded eye, before silently standing up behind Berengar; when the young Duke least expected it, the girl pounced on him with a hug, shocking him in the process.

Berengar's first instinct was to smack the girl; however, he ever so slightly managed to refrain from doing he noticed the culprit was Honoria. As such, he grabbed ahold of her perfect pale cheeks and slightly pulled on them while chastising the young princess as if she were an errant child.

"You nearly gave me a heart attack! What the hell were you thinking!?!"

Seeing that Berengar was not as entertained as she was, Honoria began to pout in response to the scolding she had received. She just wanted to play a prank on Berengar; there was no reason for him to overreact so much.? As such, the sly little vixen decided to shift the topic to avoid an apology.

"So, what are those coins for?"

Berengar, who was too enamored with the coins he had produced, quickly fell for Honoria's trick and began to lecture her on his new currency.

"This is the new centralized Austrian currency. In the future, this silver coin will become the staple of our economy. It is made purely out of silver, so its value is substantially higher than the previously issued coins."

When Honoria heard this, she was quite surprised; even the Byzantine currency was extensively debased. Thus Berengar's ambitions to create a pure silver coin were ambitious. However, she had a rough estimate of the wealth Berengar had amassed in terms of silver and gold after expanding into and monopolizing so many businesses; if anyone could do such a thing, it would be him.

Honoria grabbed ahold of one of the gold coins from Berengar's grasp and closely observed its features. She then realized that the technology Berengar was using to make these coins must be exceptionally advanced, as the coins were nearly identical to one another. The presentation of his face was exceptional by current standards.

Seeing his handsome visage embossed on a coin made Honoria excited so she kissed him on the cheek before whispering in his ear.

"As long as these coins exist, people will remember how handsome you were! That is an impressive feat if you ask me..."

Berengar chuckled at this before he shooed the girl away from him; he did not have time for her games at the moment.

"Honoria, sweetheart, I am busy with work. I will play with you and Linde later; go do something productive!"

With that said, Honoria began to pout once more as Berengar had not taken the bait; however, she eventually said nothing and blew Berengar off; it was his loss if he did not want to fool around, as such, she went out looking for Linde, maybe Berengar's other lover was doing something interesting that she could join in on.

Thus, Berengar was left by his lonesome as he finished off the paperwork regarding his economic overhauls. After many hours of administrative work, Berengar finally completed his workload for the day and sighed heavily after he had completed it. Only one thought escaped from his lips as he rested his weary head in his hands.

"I need to get somebody to do all of this paperwork for me..."

With that having been said, Berengar got up from his seat and sought out his two lovers, he needed to blow off some steam, and now that he was finished with his work, it was the perfect time to do so.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 298: Operation Thunder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gunshots echoed in the air as the small iron projectiles flew forth from the hand cannons and into the torso of the advancing knights who charged on foot at the defensive position. This attack resulted in several heavily armored knights losing their lives as the projectiles pierced through their armor at close range, turning them into bloody sieves.

Due to the introduction of barbed wire in the Bohemian conflict as means of Austrian aid, horses found it challenging to navigate the treacherous terrain. The Catholic Knights were forced to attack the Hussite positions on foot more often than not, leading them to walk into a wave of crossbow bolts and gunfire.

Close to two years had passed since the Hussite Wars had begun. During this time the Hussites had found themselves on the defensive. Still, due to the Austrian forces' creative tactics and advanced technology, they could hold the line successfully and slowly deplete the alliance of Catholic parties who advanced upon them.

These Knights were from the Poland-Lithuanian commonwealth; after defeating the Teutonic State and seizing its territory, the Polish Knights answered the Pope's call to arms and marched on Bohemia.

After a swift victory over the Teutonic State, resulting in a small enclave of Teutonic Knights to exist in a fraction of its previous territory, the Polish Knights believed that sweeping up the Hussite heretics would be a simple matter.

They were mistaken, as they met the stiffest resistance they had ever come across; by now, they had poured thousands of knights and men at arms into the field and lost almost all of them. If things continued this way, defeat was inevitable. As such, the Catholic forces were scratching their heads, thinking of a way to penetrate the Hussite territory; thus far, no significant gains had been made.

After gunning down the newest wave of crusaders, the Hussites began to reload their firearms, nearby was Eckhard, who stood at the frontlines of this war, overseeing the static defenses that had been made to counteract the Catholic invasion.

Eckhard estimated that it would not be long before Berengar entered a war with the Holy Roman Empire for his independence; as such, he needed to continue his efforts here in Bohemia to distract the Catholic forces for some time yet.

With that in mind, the Crusaders began to charge at the static positions once more; as they did so, Eckhard instructed the men nearby to hold their fire.

"Hold! Hold your fire!"

Many of the men were aware of the current plan and began to have wicked grins as they imagined the result of the trap that had been lain for the catholic armies who rushed towards their position.

Somewhere between the Crusader's encampment and the stone fortress established at the border of Hussite territory was a deep ditch that had been dug; to get to the defense, one would have to cross over this ditch.

This ditch was not a moat as it was dug much further out than the fortress's walls; in fact, it had been used as a line of cover for the crusaders before they advanced on the Hussite's position. Until now, the catholic commanders considered the Hussite officers to be grossly incompetent for creating such a defensive position for their enemies.

Because of this, the crusaders had begun to rely on this ditch to block the initial volley of the Hussite handgunners and then charge at their position while they were reloading. At this point, it was second nature for the Catholics to do so; once more, the crusaders jumped into the ditch.

This was their most considerable charge yet, with thousands of soldiers entering the trench line; they did not realize that several thousand pounds of TNT provided by the Austrian military were embedded within this trench system. The Hussites had been waiting for them to make such a massive mistake.

After close to ten thousand soldiers entered the trench system, they waited for the Hussites to unload their initial volley before charging. However, the volley never came. Instead, they could hear the voice of the Hussite commander, who in this case was Eckhard scream his orders at the top of his lungs.

"Now!"

The moment Eckhard said this, the detonators to the TNT were initiated and, in doing so causing a massive explosion to erupt within the trench line, instantly engulfing thousands of crusaders in the resulting explosive blast. Fire and smoke filled the air surrounding the trench line as the flames spread to every soul unfortunate enough to survive the vicious attack.

Blood-curdling screams echoed in the distance as blood, bone, and sinew were scattered about. It was a truly horrific sight to behold; however, before the Hussites could calm their stomachs, the whistle blew signaling their duty to charge, and as such, thousands of Hussites exited their fortifications and ran over the trench line filled with burnt corpses and the ash of those consumed in the explosion.

With bills, spears, swords, hand cannons, and crossbows in hand, the Hussites charged into the Crusader's encampment where few of their soldiers remained, terrified by the sight of the massive explosion as if the gates to hell themselves had opened on the battlefield.

Before these crusaders could react, the Hussites were upon them, bringing with them the judgment of heaven as they descended upon the catholic forces who remained within the camp. Thunderous blasts of hand cannons echoed in the air as their projectiles pelted the surviving crusaders.

Bolts followed alongside the iron projectiles of the hand cannons creating a massive display of violence; after the initial volley had been fired, the melee combatants charged into the fray, skewering the disoriented crusaders with their weapons in a slaughter so brutal that only the devil could enjoy such a sight.

During the ensuing violence, Eckhard, alongside his attache of military advisors, stayed within the fortress, observing the sight with a bitter expression. The veteran field marshal could not help but sigh in defeat as he watched the bloody scene.

"So much death, and for what? A difference of opinion over the word of God? Such a pointless waste of lives..."

The more Eckhard waged this religious war, the more exhausted he felt inside. If not for the orders he was given by Berengar, he would have left his role as the chief military advisor to the Hussites long ago.

In his eyes, Berengar's wars were somewhat justifiable; after all, the man had been suppressed by many forces and was fighting back against them. His goal of unifying the German people into a single coherent Empire was also noble and worth fighting for.

However, this war was fought simply over religious differences, and tens of thousands of men had already died in the conflict. Was the Pope so blinded by power that he would allow such a thing to happen? The more the Catholics resisted the Hussite Reformation, the more Eckhard was convinced that their creator did not design mankind with peace in mind.

This war had been exhausting both mentally and spiritually for the Field Marshal of Austria, and he knew the moment it was over, he would likely be defending his homeland from the same degree of nonsensical bloodshed.

Thus as Operation Thunder came to a close, Eckhard could not help but desire to have a drink as quickly as possible; in doing so he hoped to forget the discomforting thoughts that plagued his mind. Despite the state of despair he felt for the ongoing conflict in Bohemia, the war would continue to wage on.

However, with this victory, the Hussite forces had crushed the vanguard of the Catholic troops who attempted to invade their territory, and thus the roles were now reversed; the next stage of the Bohemian Conflict would soon begin as the Hussite armies started their advance into Catholic held territory.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 299: Declaration of Independence
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Months had passed since Berengar's birthday, and it was now July 17th, 1421. This day would forever be remembered in German History within this world as a critical day in Berengar's schemes to unite the German people into a single cohesive Empire.

At the moment, Berengar had gathered together all of the significant noblemen, and the political representatives of the Duchy of Austria, whether they be common man or nobility. The gathering in the Castle of Kufstein was quite lively, as many of these men were from vastly different social standings.

Nonetheless, they were not informed why they were summoned and were impatiently waiting upon Berengar's arrival. As a man with a taste for flair, he had decided to be fashionable late to this important meeting.

An hour had passed after all of the representatives arrived before Berengar personally displayed himself. He was dressed in the most luxurious attire he had, set in the colors of his house; his renaissance style clothing had an elegant dalmatian fur overcoat over it as he strode up to his Ducal throne and sat upon it authoritatively.

After sitting there in silence for a few moments, waiting for the voices to calm down, Berengar finally voiced his intent for gathering so many important figures to his abode. However, the manner that he performed it was different than anyone was expecting.

"Guards, bring in the prisoner!"

With that decree, the heavily armored soldiers of Berengar's personal guard left the room before dragging a swiss man who was bound and chained. Evidently, The man had been interrogated quite ruthlessly, as there were signs of physical abuse on his person.

After being tossed in front of Berengar's feet and forced to kneel by the nearby guards, Berengar stared at the man with a cruel smile upon his face before giving him an order.

"Tell these men who have gathered here on this day what you have confessed to me!"

The swiss man had dirty blonde hair and dark eyes. His hair was unkempt, and his appearance haggard; he gazed around at the various Austrian men of different social statuses with confusion, trying to understand what was about to occur.

However, Berengar grew impatient and slammed his fist on his armrest, alerting the man to his fury. As such, the man immediately began to declare his guilt and the reason for his imprisonment.

"I am a spy sent by Emperor Balsamo Corsini with the intent to sabotage Austrian development. My compatriots and I were caught red-handed in the act by the Austrian Department of Intelligence, and at this moment, I confess to the sins I have committed of my own free will."

The moment the Swiss man said these words, the crowd began to erupt in debate.

"The Emperor seeks to cripple Austria? For what purpose!"

"This is an attack on our entire Nation and must be met with recourse!"

"Damned Italians, always butting their heads into Austrian affairs, I say we give them a taste of their own medicine!"

Various voices of contention erupted in the Great Hall of Kufstein; however, after a while, Berengar tapped his armrest loudly, instantly calming the men who had gathered.

"Order! I want order in my great hall! If you have any questions, direct them to the prisoner one at a time!"

As such, the men began to calm themselves. Marquess Otto holding an essential position in Berengar's Council was the first to address his concerns to the Swiss agent.

"Why would the Emperor do such a thing to our Duchy? We have not provoked him in any way!"

The swiss agent immediately looked over at Berengar, who gave him a silent murderous glare; this glance was enough to inform the spy of the penalty he would face for lying. As the chills invaded the prisoner's spine, he immediately confessed what he knew about the matter.

"The Emperor fears the rapid growth of Austria and is terrified of the prospect that Berengar might challenge him and his authority. As such, he has sent hundreds of agents into Austria with the intent to sabotage your industry.

However, your industrial districts are heavily guarded, and we had no way to infiltrate them; as such most of us have failed in our tasks!"

Upon hearing this, the Austrian representatives became thoroughly enraged; the Emperor had violated the terms of vassalage. As far as the men gathered in the great hall were concerned, this was an act of war. As such, they began to erupt with fury in response to these claims.

One political representative of common birth was the first to protest the Emperor's actions.

"Bastard! There must be war!"

Immediately after he spoke, a minor nobleman followed with an even more vicious response.

"If they seek to destroy Austria, we should show them the power of Austrian steel! I would like to see who dares to bully us now that our military prowess is unrivaled in all of Europe! I volunteer to lead an incursion into Northern Italy to drive this false Emperor from his throne of lies!"

After this was said, an argument broke out between the politicians and noblemen within the chamber.

"You! You are but a small Baron and have no prior military experience; what gives you the right to lead an army! I am a colonel in the armed forces and a Viscount; I should be the one to lead the army to victory against the Empire!"

The two noblemen began to verbally spar with one another until Berengar once more pounded his armrest, signaling them all to calm themselves. After this action, the room fell deathly silent as Berengar, with a stoic gaze on his face that expressed the personification of a sovereign monarch, made his official declaration of Independence.

"In response to these scandalous actions by the Holy Roman Emperor who has betrayed the rights of vassalage, I hereby declare the Independence of our realm and the formation of the Kingdom of Austria! I Berengar von Kufstein first of my name, and rightful sovereign of Austria decree that henceforth I shall be the monarch of Austria and all of its people as granted to me by right of conquest, and the support of the Lord almighty!"

After saying this, Marquess Otto stood at attention as he saluted Berengar with a gaze of firm determination on his face.

"Hail to the King!"

The moment he did so, the various politicians and noblemen gathered in the great hall responded in the same manner without hesitation. These men immediately formed ranks and pounded their chests in salute as they repeated the words spoken by Marquess Otto.

"Hail to the King!"

Upon seeing this, a cruel smile curved upon Berengar's lips; he felt it was inappropriate to hail to himself, and as such, a wicked idea formed in his mind as he chanted the following words while saluting his subordinates.

"Hail Victory!"

With those words stated, the men present formally drafted a declaration of Independence and the formation of the Austrian Kingdom. As such, they handed the letter to the Swiss spy and informed him to give their regards to the Emperor.

On this day, Austria had become an Independent Kingdom, in doing so, brought war to its doorstep that would soon shatter the foundation of the Holy Roman Empire. After all, the loss of Austria was not only a blow to the face of the Holy Roman Emperor but his treasury as well, one that he could ill afford.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 300: Thousands of Feet March to the Beat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Captain Arnwald was a soldier who had been among Berengar's forces since the very beginning. He was present at the battle in Schwaz, where the enemy had ambushed Berengar's forces during Berengar's Campaign for Tyrol.

During that time He was only a private; despite this, he had survived in Berengar's various campaigns until now and eventually completed officer school. As a man of common birth, he had risen through the ranks of Berengar's meritocratic system and become a full-fledged captain.

At the moment, he led a Grenadier company, which was the highest honor among infantry officers. For the past few years, his company was tasked with protecting the Austrian borders on the edge of Bavaria.

Due to the peace agreement with Duke Dietger of Bavaria, there had been little more than a few skirmishes with brigands trying to enter Austria from the chaotic region of Bavaria. Aside from that, his job was mainly facilitating the temporary housing of German Refugees from the North.

However, overnight, his peaceful world was shattered, as the leaders of Austria declared their independence from the Holy Roman Empire and the formation of the Kingdom of Austria. Such a decree was a bold slap to the Emperor's face and the German Dukes.

As a grenadier company, his unit was fully mustered from their relaxed position and had begun shipping off to the Italian border. Though news had not yet arrived in the rest of the world about Austrian independence, King Berengar was not wasting time when it came to deploying his troops.

Every soldier he could get to the Swiss and Italian borders was an advantage in the upcoming days of the conflict. At the moment Arnwald clutched the dog tags in his hand with a downcast expression on his visage.

Though he had personally survived Berengar's wars, his comrade Bardo who fought alongside him for so many years had unfortunately perished in battle. As such, the Captain never forgot the loss of the man who had come to be his best friend during their tenure in Berengar's armed forces.

After nearly three years of peace, the Austrian armies were on the march again, and Arnwald prayed that he might live to see the future of his homeland and the glory he knew awaited it. If there was one comforting thought, it was the fact that King Berengar would once more be leading their armies into battle.

The man reflected on the past, and how at one point, he had fought side by side with a man who was now King; the very idea filled him with pride, as a warrior and as an Austrian. As he thought about such things Captain Arnwald marched alongside his soldiers to the songs of the marching band as they made their way from the Bavarian border to the Italian Alps.

At a marching speed of 3.4 miles per hour, it would take them roughly 82 hours to reach the Italian border. However, there would need to be stops along the way, so it would take them approximately a week to arrive at their destination.

By the time the Emperor received word of the Austrians Declaration of Independence, Berengar would already have an army had amassed at his enemy's borders. As for the Navy of Austria, the sly young King had already begun to sail his forces towards the Venetian coast. However, that was a story for another time.

As the soldiers marched towards Italy, they came across a small village within Austria; like most villages, this one was protected by a nearby garrison; upon seeing the men of Austria go to war, the women and children came out from their homes and laid flowers down in the street.

Despite none of the men in this unit being from this village, the people of Austria showed respect for its warriors who fought for their sovereignty. As such, the men in uniform gazed upon the villagers with solemn expressions.

None of them knew if they would survive the upcoming war, and thus they gazed upon many of the pretty young girls with lament in their hearts. Some of these soldiers were married with children, others were single, but these soldiers reflected on the lives they would live should they survive the remainder of the duration of their service.

Eventually, the company of grenadiers stopped outside of this village and made camp for the night. They were not the only unit marching towards the Italian border, and as such, Arnwald approached his superior officer, who was smoking some hemp in the form of a cigarette.

Berengar was not the only one who had formed a habit of calming himself with the properties of the miraculous flower; considering it did not cause a high effect, Berengar had begun processing a portion of his hemp flowers into cigarettes to distribute to his soldiers after all without tobacco, something would be needed to calm their nerves, and alcohol was forbidden in the field.

Berengar was a massive fan of hemp; it was a miraculous material that could make several sustainable products, such as paper. Due to the benefits of hemp Berengar had begun to grow more of the substance to make paper rather than cut down trees. As such, not only were the cigarettes filled with hemp, but they were rolled with hemp-based papers.

When Arnwald entered the command tent and saw the colonel smoking, he immediately saluted. However much to his surprise, the Colonel lacked any form of formality and merely handed Arnwald one of his cigarettes.

Upon seeing this Arnwald grabbed ahold of the hemp cigarette and lit it with a match before smoking the substance. As he did so, his nerves calmed, and he began to report to his commanding officer.

"Colonel, the troops, have finished setting up the camp and are preparing for rest, food has been distributed, and sentries are on watch. Any man who attempts to desert will be captured and put before a firing squad."

After hearing this, the Colonel nodded. He was an old Knight, from the days of Sieghard's rule, and under Berengar, had seen the transformation of medieval warfare into the form of semi-modern war. As such, he was not surprised in the slightest that Berengar would be bold enough to declare himself King of Austria.

Because Austria's military was among the largest in all of Europe and was undoubtedly the best armed and trained among them, there was no longer a need to be a part of the so-called Holy Roman Empire.

As such, the man took a deep puff before releasing it; after doing so, he sighed heavily as he spoke to Arnwald with a complicated expression.

"75,000 men marching to the drums of war, have you ever seen anything like it, Captain Arnwald?"

Arnwald was surprised to hear the Colonel speak in such a manner; as such, he contemplated on his words. Over the past year, Berengar's main focus in military matters was expanding the Navy, but that did not mean he neglected the army.

Austria could project 75,000 men onto the battlefield; however, that was not the total size of the army, as garrisons existed across every city and district within Austria, enough to defend their borders while the Grand Army was at war. After reflecting upon this Arnwald responded to the Colonel's question with another question.

"What do you think our chances of winning are?"

To this, the middle-aged man chuckled before responding with a confident glint in his steel-blue eyes.

"Unless that King of ours suddenly returns to the form of the sickly, foolish, and lazy brat he once was, I'd say the odds are heavily in our favor."

Arnwald had nearly forgotten the rumors that plagued Berengar in his youth; after all, the man had proven them wrong in so many ways, it was not something one usually thought of when they heard the name Berengar von Kufstein, not anymore, that is.

However, as a Knight in Sieghard's service, the Colonel seemed to know the reality of the situation and, as such, began to scoff as he reflected on the past.

"If you were to tell me five years ago that Berengar von Kufstein would rise to the position of King of Austria within my lifetime, I would assume you were possessed. How that boy managed to change his destiny in such a short period, I will never know."

Upon hearing this, Arnwald was naturally curious and thus asked the question on his mind.

"Were the old rumors true?"

In response to this, the Colonel silently nodded with a bitter expression on his face; he knew talking about such things in any detail would only bring him trouble, and as such, he no longer dwelled upon it; instead, he gave Arnwald his orders.

"Get some rest while you still can; this march of ours is about to be the last peaceful days you see for a while."

With that said, Arnwald saluted the Colonel before departing towards his tent; he spent the rest of his waking hours reflecting on what the Colonel had said; with this, the Captain's admiration for Berengar grew considerably more significant. After all, to go from a weak, petty, and indolent wastrel to the King of Austria in just a few years was beyond impressive; it was practically otherworldly.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 301: Pre-emptive Strike
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar's armies were marching towards the Swiss and Italian borders that Austria shared with the two realms, his Navy was on a more important mission, one that Berengar had learned from the Imperial Japanese Navy in his previous life.

In Berengar's previous life, Pearl Harbor was a term that every American citizen knew by the time they were out of elementary school; it was a degree of defeat and humiliation that the United States had never suffered before on its homefront.

As such, Berengar fully intended to learn from the Pre-emptive strike the Japanese had taken against their rivals and utilize the same tactics to eradicate the fleets of his enemies. The young Austrian King who had yet to be coronated? fully intended to take advantage of the time it took for the Holy Roman Emperor to receive his declaration of Independence by striking at the heart of their Naval support.

With this in mind, Berengar had tasked his Admiral to immediately sail the fleet to the Italian coast, where Berengar intended to attack the Venetian and Genoan fleets while they were docked in the harbor.

Admiral Emmerich was at the helm of the SMS Berengar, the first in the class of the 75 fifth-rate frigates constructed over the last year. By now, the Grand Austrian Navy had a total of 40,000 men among its ranks. Among these men, 33,750 were on board the ships as sailors, officers, or marines.

The Armada of 75 frigates had a total of 3,300 twenty-four-pound cannons capable of launching explosives shells. The sheer degree of firepower that these ships possessed was unfathomable for this day and age.

As such, Admiral Emmerich had split the fleet into two groups; the main fleet would comprise 38 frigates that would sail to the coast of Venice. The other group would consist of 37 vessels that would sail around the Italian Peninsula and strike at Genoa's harbors.

After nearly 14 hours of sailing at a speed of 13 knots, the main fleet had arrived at the Venetian Coastline in the dead of night. Undercover of darkness, the Austrian fleet had snuck its way into the Venetian Harbor without incident.

At the moment, Emmerich was standing upon the helm of his ship, giving out a brief overview of the operation details to his Officers. Every officer within the fleet was already aware of the attack plan, and as such, this was just a quick summary while the enlisted men got to work making preparations.

"We will set anchor here, 2,000 yards away from the coastline. Now that we are within range of the enemy's harbors, we will load our cannons and fire upon them, devastating the ships within the city. After annihilating both civilian and military vessels, we will turn our shells onto the harbor itself, destroying Venice's ability to receive and deploy ships.

After we have destroyed the harbor, our guns will target the shipyards, making Venice utterly incapable of producing new vessels for the war effort. When the arsenal is in ruins, we will turn our cannons onto the Castle itself, wiping out the command structure of the city.

Any remaining shells will be fired into the industrial district of Venice. I want the Venetians to remember the price of conspiring against Austria. Let this forever be known as the day Austria struck first!"

With that said, the officers responded in the affirmative after they had received their orders.

"Aye, Admiral!"

After this, they quickly set about their tasks and began to load the 836 cannons facing the city of Venice. After all of the cannons were loaded among the 38 vessels, Emmerich grinned wickedly as he gave the order by shouting to the crew members of his ship.

"Fire!"

With those words, the cannons on the ship's side pointing towards the harbor immediately erupted as the explosive shells were sent from thousands of yards away onto the ports where most of the Venetian naval vessels were currently docked.

The moment the SMS Berengar began to fire its cannons, the 37 other ships nearby unloaded their barrage onto the same target. Because the Venetians' vessels were treated with tar on their planks and ropes to preserve the materials, they were highly susceptible to fire.

As such, when the explosive shells impacted the hundreds of ships docked in the harbor, the fires rapidly spread from the affected vessels to every ship in the port. Civilian and military vessels alike were lit ablaze, and those unfortunate enough to be on those vessels were either engulfed in the explosive blast or were burnt alive by the rapidly spreading flames.

However, the bombardment did not stop with a single barrage as the cannons were rapidly reloaded and fired a second barrage onto the harbor; not only did Emmerich plan to eradicate every single vessel docked at Venice, but he also planned outright to devastate the very foundations of the port itself.

Thus the City bells began to ring as another barrage of cannon fire drowned out its tone with their thunderous echoes. It was as if hell itself had reared its ugly head upon the Venetians as the residents of the city of Venice gazed in horror at their mighty harbor, and the arsenal used to construct their fleet became engulfed firey explosions.

Because the swiss agent who was sent to deliver the message to the Holy Roman Emperor was not granted a horse and had to travel on foot to the capital of the Empire, Berengar had struck first and eradicated the majority of the Venetian Navy.

However, that was not the greatest insult to the Venetians; the fact that Berengar's Naval forces had continued their bombardment onto the port, the shipyards, and the factories; the sea-faring city was in an absolute state of humiliation the like they had never suffered.

Despite this, Emmerich commanded the sailors to load the cannons and fire their barrages onto the city. While doing so, the Admiral laughed like a maniac as he roared along with the thunderous echoes that resounded from the hundreds of guns.

"Henceforth, this shall be my anthem!"

Despite his bold words, they went completely unnoticed by his crew as they were completed drowned out by the sound of the guns firing onto the city.

While Emmerich was immersed in the sight of the attack, the Venetian citizens who had survived the onslaught scrambled to put out the flames that had spread across their city. Despite their best efforts, the flames continued to spread, consuming life and property in the process.

The sheer level of destruction that Emmerich had unleashed upon the city of Venice and its population was enough to be tried as a war criminal in Berengar's previous life; Despite this, Berengar would not punish the man; in fact, he might even give the man a commendation for his actions here on this night.

It was only after half of the city was a smoldering ruin did the fleet finally run out of shells, and as such, they reeled in their anchors and set sail into the rising dawn back to the coast of Austria. Within a single night, Berengar's most significant rival on the Mediterranean had been brought to ruin.

A year's worth of progress in building the largest Armada in the world was blasted to the depths of the Adriatic sea overnight. It would take decades for the Venetians to recover from this humiliation, and they would never forget what the Austrians had done this day.

Though not all of the Venetian Navy's ships were present during the attack, the overwhelming majority of them were, thus significantly leveling the playing field in the number of vessels Austria would have to fight at sea.

Though Venice was not the only target of the Austrian Navy, after all, Genoa would soon suffer a similar fate. With hundreds of ships at the Holy Roman Emperor's command destroyed in a matter of days, the Empire would quickly find its most significant advantage against Austria snuffed out of existence before the war had even officially begun.

As such, the first battle of the War for Austrian Independence was a rousing success. By the time Emperor Balsamo Corsini heard of this news, he would be severely weakened in his ability to wage war against the Kingdom of Austria.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 302: Daily life in Austria
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As the War for Austrian independence began and the soldiers marched to war, the overwhelming majority of Austrians were relatively unphased by the conflict at their borders. They were confident enough in their new King and his Armies to defend their lands; after all, he had driven Bavaria's previous incursion from Austria's borders so rapidly.

Now Berengar's army was more significant than ever, and the last few years of peace saw a massive military buildup in internal fortifications and garrisons. Despite Austria's neighbors being at war, it had never made its way into the citizens' daily lives, at least not since Berengar rose to power.

As such, in the district of Kufstein, one man, in particular, was enjoying his daily life. The farming innovations that he had helped Berengar implement early on had paid off in the long run. His farm was now fully mechanized by Berengar's machinery, and it was among the first to do so.

As such, he and his large family could operate thousands of acres of farmland by themselves. Gunther had used the wealth he gained from Berengar's innovations to purchase more and more farmland. To the point where he was not only growing agricultural products but also a large amount of hemp.

Hemp had become an essential resource in Berengar's newly established Kingdom of Austria; it was a versatile material that could be used in many aspects of daily life, including building resources and paper.

Due to environmental concerns over implementing the Industrial Revolutions several centuries earlier than in his previous life, Berengar had begun to slowly implement sustainable materials, such as hemp concrete, hemp paper, hemp clothing, and many other innovative uses for the fibrous material.

As far as hemp wood goes, Berengar would have to wait until he had access to soybeans, as the material used an eco-friendly soy-based adhesive to glue the plant fibers together in the form of hardwood. Otherwise, he would have already begun experimenting with the wood-alternative in the form of sailing vessels.

Due to the demand for the fibrous material, Gunther had become quite wealthy, and he was currently within the City of Kufstein's new expanded industrial district negotiating with a representative of Berengar's government for the right to lease a plot of land in Kufstein owned by Berengar for the purpose of opening a hemp-based paper factory.

With the King away at war, the task fell to a knight's son known as Ingbert, who Berengar had previously used to establish a case against Lambert after the boy had attempted to assassinate Berengar on multiple occasions.

Since the Kitzbühel Border War, Ingbert has taken a step back from military affairs and focused on financial matters regarding Berengar's government. After being captured by the Baron of Kitzbühel and fearing for his life, the cowardly knight's son decided to return to civil affairs.

Though his talent as an engineer was garbage, his knowledge of financial affairs proved to be the proper place for him in life, and as such, Berengar tasked him with leasing portions of his land to would-be business owners.

At the moment, Ingbert and Gunther were meeting at the plot of land that Gunther wished to lease from Berengar. The two men were gazing around the large tract of land that was sufficient to fit a 5,000 sq ft warehouse.

After inspecting the plot for some time, Gunther smiled and nodded at Ingbert, who observed his actions; as he did so, he boldly declared his intent.

"I will take it; how much is the rent?"

Ingbert calculated the value based on the square feet of the property and then smiled before revealing five fingers. When he did so, Gunther was surprised at first and had to confirm his thoughts.

"five Thalers?"

Ingbert began to laugh; he continued doing so for several minutes before shaking his head and responding with a stoic expression.

"five Guldens."

Gunther gasped as he heard this news, five Guldens was no small sum for monthly rent, but when he thought about the prime real estate and the fact that it was one of the few plots left in Kufstein that could accommodate the factory that he desired to build, the farmer ultimately agreed to the price stated.

"Deal."

With this, Gunther reached into a pouch he had brought with him and pulled out five golden coins, each one of them bearing the visage of Berengar on one side, with his coat of arms on the other. With this transaction completed, Ingbert smiled before informing Gunther of the terms for his lease.

"Fees are due on the first of the month; since you are leasing industrial territory, the factory has to fulfill environmental regulations; during its construction process, a government advisor will be assigned to you at your expense to make sure everything is up to code.

After everything checks out, you will be permitted to purchase the land at a discount after five years of successful development. Are these terms acceptable?"

Gunther was already aware of the terms for leasing the property from Berengar. As such, he nodded his head in approval; afterward, Ingbert handed over a ledger before confirming the agreement.

"Sign here, and you will be able to begin construction of your factory immediately."

As such, Gunther read over the lease conditions thoroughly before he took ahold of the quill and ink provided to him and wrote down his signature. As an educated man in Kufstein and a member of the House of Representatives, he was more than capable of reading and writing.

After he finished doing so, he handed the ledger back to Ingbert, who gave Gunther a small seal before explaining its function.

"This seal proves you are a factory owner here in the Industrial district; present this to the guards upon entry, and they will give you priority for entering the area. Other than that, if you don't have any questions for me, our business here is concluded. I hope that you can achieve success with this lot."

With that said, Ingbert walked off the lot, leaving Gunther alone to stare at the vacant property. He was well prepared for the cost it would take to build a solid factory here on this plot of land, knowing after he had done so that he would make an even greater fortune for his family.

Though he may not be nobility, one day soon he might become wealthier than all of the snobbish noblemen who had looked down upon him his entire life, and he only had one man to thank for such an opportunity; King Berengar von Kufstein, without the young monarch's political and economic reforms a man born a lowly peasant like Gunther would be forced to work the fields his entire life.

Never in his wildest dreams did he believe that such change would come to Kufstein within his lifetime, let alone the whole of Austria. Because of the heights he had risen to, he had grown quite popular among the common people of Kufstein. Thus he was chosen as a representative for the government due to this rising popularity.

He hoped to work hard in the future, as a politician, as a farmer, as a factory owner, and as a father for the benefit of all people within the City of Kufstein and Austria as a whole. As such, the journey of this once lowly peasant was far from over; how far he would climb into this brave new world that Berengar was forging, only time would tell.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 303: Forward March!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The light of dawn shone upon the southern border of Austria, within the alps of Tyrol, in the Viscounty of Trent, Berengar stood upon a hill observing his army that was gathered below. A total of 50,000 men, armed in the unique quenched and hardened high carbon blackened steel half-plate armor, stood in the valley overlooked by their King.

Under the King's orders, the army had been split into two components, the Italian Invasion Force, which consisted of 50,000 men, while the Swiss Invasion Force consisted of 25,000 men. Berengar intended to use this war as an excuse to annex the Swiss Confederation. As such, he left the invasion of the Swiss Confederation to a competent General among his ranks.

At the moment, Berengar wore his signature gilded three quarter's plate armor with a cavalier style cloak made from dalmatian fur draped across his left shoulder. The troops gathered below gazed upon his immaculate visage as he began to give his speech.

"Men of Austria! The Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire has engaged in attempted sabotage of our factories; in doing so, he has violated the rights bestowed upon us as vassals. Thus I, King Berengar, first of my name, have formally declared our independence from the Holy Roman Empire.

Today you stand as the Royal Army of Austria as we march into the lands of the oppressor who has sought to hamper our progress towards the new dawn! I will not lie to you, the road will be bloody, but in the end, our people shall be free to pursue their destiny, as a great power in Europe!

God with us!"

The moment Berengar said his battle cry while saluting the 50,000 men standing below his plateau, all they began to chant the words in unison, echoing into the dawn while returning the salute to their King.

"God with us! God with us! God with us!"

Such was the sight on the Austro-Italian border as Berengar's men prepared for an invasion into their enemy's homeland. Afterward, Berengar gave the order to his troops.

"Forward March!"

It had been some time since Berengar's Declaration of Independence reached the Emperor, and even longer since his pre-emptive strike on Venice and Genoa, as such war was inevitable. Berengar had mustered his forces at his enemy's border far quicker than the Italians could rally their own troops.

Thus, the Austrians entered Italy without confrontation. As the soldiers began to march, Berengar mounted his trusty steed and soon found himself marching at the front of his army. The sight of 50,000 men entering northern Italy would be terrifying to anyone who witnessed such a thing.

Such a massive army was rare in Europe during this time frame, especially considering how well equipped and trained the Royal Austrian Army was. The Austrians marched for some time before they encountered any form of resistance.

The first target of Berengar's campaign against the Holy Roman Empire would be the city of Verona; after all, it was the nearest major city to the Trent border. It took a few days for Berengar to reach the ancient town; however, when they did, they noticed that the walls were well manned.

The local nobleman had been preparing for Berengar's arrival by fortifying the city and abandoning the towns and villages to Austrian cruelty, utterly unaware that Berengar did not need to ransack such locations.

After all, his logistical network spread to every corner of Austria. When considering the small distance between Trent and Verona, Berengar left the villagers in between the two cities untouched by the savagery of war.

When the Royal Austrian Army arrived at the gates of Verona, they instantly began constructing a proper siege camp. With the introduction of Schmidt guns, Berengar chose to mount them on the trench lines that he established outside his base with the intent to effectively use the rapid-firing firearms, capable of utilizing canister shots to repel anyone suicidal enough to charge at his defenses.

Aside from the Schmidt guns acting as defense of the encampment, 1417 12-pounder cannons were also placed under the protection of the trench line while raised in an elevation necessary to fire over it. With this elevation, the cannons would still be able to efficiently target the city's walls.

The beauty of the M1857 12-pounder Napoleon that Berengar had based his artillery off of was that it was versatile enough to act as both a field gun and a howitzer; it was more than capable enough to successfully fire arced shots at his enemy's defenses.

However, Berengar did not immediately begin his bombardment; in fact, he wanted to wait until the next day to start his assault; after all, he had all the time in the world and would prefer that his soldiers received some proper rest before engaging in a siege.

Instead, after the siege camp was effectively set up, Berengar began distributing rations, which as per usual, was a wheat porridge-based dish, it was filled with beef, onions, and mushrooms. It was not much, but it was enough to feed the soldiers and was relatively easy to prepare.

After eating alongside his soldiers, Berengar retired to his tent, where he began to strip his armor before climbing into bed; as he did so, a particular memory flashed in his head. It was the moment he said goodbye to his two lovers and his children, as well as his younger sister.

Berengar was clad in his armor as he hugged his young son Hans; though the boy was only three years old, he gazed at Berengar with an understanding expression. The only words the boy said to his father as he prepared to march to war were

"Be safe, father."

As for Helga, she was still too young to speak and was in Linde's arms, who once more had a worried expression on her face; as Berengar kissed his infant daughter on her forehead, Linde spoke the words on her mind.

"I will pray for you!"

For some reason, Berengar found this funny and chuckled lightly as he dragged the beautiful young woman into his arms. Linde was far from devout; however, if there was one time she prayed to the Lord God almighty with any sense of sincerity, it was when her man went off to war.? After he embraced his lover, he kissed her passionately before saying his departing words.

"I love you."

Linde responded in kind before letting go of Berengar's grasp.

"I love you too!"

With that said, Berengar turned to Henrietta, where he patted her on the head. The girl instantly hugged him. Over the past few years, she had begun to grow into a beautiful young adolescent girl. Berengar would soon have to think about finding her a fiance. However, such thoughts were interrupted as the girl began to cry into Berengar's steel-plated chest.

"Be safe, dearest brother!"

In response to this, Berengar hugged his little sister before replying to her.

"I promise I will return safe and sound."

After a few moments, Berengar forced himself out of Henrietta's grasp as he walked over to Honoria and grasped ahold of her hand before walking out the door of the building. He said his goodbyes to her as they approached the river port of Kufstein. Honoria had a far more critical job while Berengar was at war, leading her crew of salty wenches as they raided the Italian shipping vessels.

As such, Berengar kissed her goodbye at the entrance to her ship in front of all her crew members, Elfrun in particular looked away in disgust as she saw Honoria fall for such a playboy once more. After making out with the gorgeous young princess, Berengar said the exact words that he left Linde with.

"I Love you, Honoria."

In return, Honoria put on a smug smile before responding to Berengar's words with a snarky remark.

"I know!"

After saying that, Honoria hopped out of Berengar's arms and onto her sloop of war, where she immediately began to depart; as the ship started to sail down the river Inn Berengar called out to her one last time.

"Be careful!"

In response, Honoria smiled and blew a kiss to Berengar; it was only after the ship was out of sight that Berengar reunited with his army and departed for war. After reflecting upon the recent past, Berengar soon found himself asleep with a broad smile on his face.

He would not awaken until the dawn of the next day, and when he did, it was to the sound of an artillery barrage going off. With such a thunderous noise acting as his alarm clock, Berengar knew that the Siege of Verona had begun.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 304: Gaining a Foothold in the Swiss Confederation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the invasion of Italy underway, Berengar's efforts to conquer and annex the Swiss Confederation in his war for Independence had also begun. Under the command of General Adelbrand von Salzburg, the Austrian armies had marched into the lands of their enemies with a total of 25,000 men.

Adelbrand was promoted to the rank of General in the last few years of Austria's peacetime and military expansion. He had proven a competent commander during the defense of Salzburg from the Bavarian Occupation of Austria.

He also was loosely related to Berengar as the brother-in-law of Berengar's cousin Ava. After Berengar had liberated Austria from the Bavarians, the man immediately enlisted in the Austrian Army during Berengar's brief regency over Austria.

He had eventually gone through officer school and risen in the ranks quickly due to his natural talent as a military commander. This was his first major campaign as he marched the 25,000 man army into the Swiss Confederation with the intent of conquest.

At the moment, the artillery was in the process of being set up, as Adelbrand's soldiers loaded their weapons with quick loading tubes. Upon their invasion, they swiftly met a force of swiss soldiers within the mountainous terrain.

However, as the Austrians were preparing for battle, Adelbrand was surprised to see a white flag being flown by a representative of the Swiss forces flying the banner of the local noblemen within the province of Chur.

Chur had long since been a home of the German Reformist movement. When they saw the Austrian banners flying with the invasion force, the Count of Chur immediately began to negotiate his defection.

If Berengar was fighting a war for Independence against the Holy Roman Emperor, it was his duty as a devout reformist to aid that rebellion in any way he could. The Count of Chur, who only recently gained his position from the Arch-Bishop of Chur, who had vacated after converting to the Reformist religion, approached Adelbrand with his visor risen and a smile on his face.

The man rode on horseback where he met Adelbrand in front of his Army, utterly fearless of what the Austrians might do to him; The Count of Chur quickly declared his intentions as he greeted the Austrian General.

"I am Count Rayner von Chur, ruler of this territory. As a devout Reformist, I hereby surrender the County of Chur to Austria in the name of God and King Berengar! You are free to use my County as a base of operations for your war effort!"

When Adelbrand heard this, he was instantly shocked; he was not a devout Reformist, nor did he have any loyalty to the Catholic Church; he respected military might, which was why he followed Berengar so passionately.

To see a Count so willingly surrender in the name of religious similarities was astonishing. As such, it took General Adelbrand several moments to find the words to speak. Eventually, he smiled before reaching his hand out as a friendly gesture.

"I, General Adelbrand von Salzburg, formally accept your surrender. If your Army would disarm yourselves, it would be most appreciated."

Quite honestly, Adelbrand found the whole scenario hard to believe, and as such, he refused to fall into any trap. To his surprise Count, Rayner rode back to his Army and gave them the orders he had received from Adelbrand, where the entire Army threw their arms away and stripped their armor.

After doing so, they knelt before the Austrian overlords as a sign of their submission. The Austrian soldiers were just as shocked as Adelbrand as they witnessed such a sight. Either this was the most elaborate ruse they had ever seen, or these Swiss soldiers were seriously devout Reformists.

With these two options in mind, Adelbrand proceeded with caution as he addressed the disarmed swiss soldiers.

"I accept your surrender and henceforth announce the annexation of the County of Chur into the Kingdom of Austria on behalf of His Majesty King Berengar von Kufstein. If you serve your new monarch honorably, I can assure you that the nobles among you may maintain your status within your new lives!"

As Wolgang said this, the Swiss soldiers stood up in unison and saluted as they utilized the Austrian Battle Cry in response as an affirmation of their submission.

"God with us!"

With that said, the Chur soldiers led the Austrians towards their fortresses, where they immediately came under the occupation of the Royal Austrian Army. As the armies settled in, Adelbrand gathered intelligence of the Swiss Confederation and its military capabilities from Count Rayner.

"So tell me, what is the strength of the Swiss Armies? How many men will we be facing? Where are they located? What tactics will they be utilizing?"

With this said, Count Rayner led the Austrian General into the war room, where he immediately pointed out the positions on the map of the Swiss Armies.

"Aside from us in Chur, the Swiss Confederation has roughly 25,000 men at their disposal. These are mostly men at arms and knights that are similarly equipped to the mercenaries that Berengar defeated during the brief rebellion, those treacherous noblemen raised against him.

Most of the armies are currently being gathered in Zurich up here; when they have rallied together, they will march on our position; my suggestion is to wait patiently and crush the main Army in defense of Chur. Then after they are utterly decimated, you will have free reign to conquer the small garrisons that litter the various major cities across the realm.

Once those swiss cities are defeated, the rest of the land will surrender with a simple show of force. What do you think?"

Although Adelbrand thought the plan was a good idea, he could not fully trust the Count of Chur and his men, who had fully surrendered; as such, he shook his head before coming up with a different attack plan.

"You and your men will stay here and guard the border to Austria; I will lead my army to attack the enemy directly."

Count Rayner could immediately tell that Adelbrand did not trust him, and he did not blame him. Surrendering to annexation without a fight was unheard of. However, he was a true believer in the reformist cause.

Rayner believed that an independent homeland should be established for the movement, and as such, the man was more than happy to join his neighbors in Austria with who he shared a border as part of this envisioned Reformist Homeland.

Thus he sighed heavily before agreeing to Adelbrand's plan; trust could not be built overnight; all he could do was loyally abide by his commands and protect the Austrian Border. With that said, the Austrian troops began to rest before they would depart the next day.

Ever the cautious commander, Adelbrand left his troops on watch over the region and had given them specific instructions to be on the lookout for the Chur soldiers' potential treachery. Despite expecting such a thing, it never manifested, and the Austrian soldiers were allowed a reprieve.

With this, Austria had gained a foothold in the Swiss Confederation without firing a single shot. When the news finally spread to the Swiss Confederation about Chur's betrayal, it would be far too late, as the Austrians would already be at their doorsteps.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 305: A New Era of Naval Warfare
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was invading Northern Italy and laying siege to Verona, Adelbrand was marching his soldiers towards Zurich, where the Swiss army gathered. As for Honoria, she had already set sail from Kufstein and entered the Mediterannean via the black sea.

She and her crew of salty wenches were prepared for their first encounter of Naval Warfare, their target? Any sailing vessels that were flying the banners of a Holy Roman Empire state. Coincidentally enough, the moment they sailed into the Aegean sea, they saw a ship flying the flag of Venice.

While most of the Venetian Naval and Merchant fleets were decimated within the pre-emptive strike Emmerich had engaged in; there were still vessels already at sea that were spared their destruction. This merchant caravel which had recently departed from Constantinopole was one of those ships.

The 18 lb long guns featured on the Sloop of War known as "Honoria's Revenge" were not equipped with explosive shells; the reason for this was simple, such weapons were far too effective on wooden ships and would sink any form of loot to the depths of the sea.

As such, Honoria's cannons were supplied with 18 lb cannonballs and chain shots, designed to take out the masts of any sea-faring vessel and cripple their ability to sail, and this was precisely the munitions Honoria ordered her crew to load into the cannons.

"Load the chain shot and prepare to fire upon the target when we get in range; I want as many of the sailors taken alive as possible!"

The Sloop of war traveling roughly twice the speed of the Caravel quickly closed the distance. Judging by the Austrian flag that was being flown on its back, the Venetian sailors knew that their luck had run out.

With this in mind, the crew began to pray to God as they began to load their bows and crossbows. However, Honoria's vessel was far from the range of such primitive weapons, and she quickly pulled up to the Caravel's port side, where she gave a command to her cannoneers.

"Open fire!"

With that said, the ten cannons on the port side opened fire as the linked cannonballs twirled through the air targeting the small Caravel. Even though some of the chained shots missed their targets, more than enough had successfully hit the masts and, in doing so, crippled the vessel's sailing capability, leaving the Venetian Caravel and its crew stranded in the water.

Upon seeing this, Honoria's crewmates quickly began to load their 1421 Repeating Rifled Flintlocks as they aimed the weapons in the direction of the Venetian sailors. The moment the Sloop approached the derelict Caravel, the Venetians began to fire their bows and crossbows upon Honoria and her crew.

Seeing the bolts and arrows fly in her direction Honoria who was currently equipped in a half-plate breastplate and with Heraclius perched on her shoulder, gave the command to her crew to engage the enemy.

"Open fire!"

with this command, the wenches aboard Honoria's ship aimed their rifles, cocked back the actions, and fired their first shots. There were roughly twenty-five Venetian sailors on board the Caravel. On the other hand, Honoria had over double that amount, who unleashed their fury on the hostile Venetians.

A volley of lead bullets flew into the Venetian sailors and penetrated their flesh, spilling blood across the ship and into the sea below. More than one of these men fell lifeless into the depths of the Aegean sea as the projectiles ripped through their hearts and skulls.

After the first volley had taken place, the Venetians immediately dropped their weapons and surrendered; as such, the girls among Honoria's crew re-cocked their weapons before cautiously boarding the Venetian vessel. As they did so, they immediately bound the Venetian sailors; their Captain began to spew profanities at Honoria as she crossed over to the ship.

"You fucking bitches! Do you have any idea who you are messing with? When the Doge finds out that you have attacked our ship, he will send the might of the Venetian Navy after you! You will not be able to escape the wrath of Venice!"

The moment he said this, the women who now held these men captive began to laugh; they were already aware of the fate of the Venetian fleet before they even set sail, as for the Venetian Captain, he had been at sea for too long. He was completely unaware of what had transpired; as such, he and his crew looked confused as they saw the women mocking them.

Honoria backhanded the man fiercely before kneeling before him and explaining what the women found so funny.

"The Venetian Navy is lying at the depths of the Adriatic sea. The Royal Austrian Navy sunk it along with half of your precious city weeks ago. All that's left are a few stragglers, and before long, they too will be mopped up. As for you and all the other merchant ships like you, you are fair game!"

The moment she said this, the Captain spat on her pretty face and responded with another insult.

"You're a fucking lying cunt! There's no way the Grand Armada of Venice could be destroyed so easily!"

In response to this insult to her integrity, Honoria coldly pulled out her pistol, cocked back the hammer, and shot the Captain in the head. Maybe it was because of Berengar's influence, but the young Byzantine princess did not hesitate in the slightest to murder this man who had done nothing more than insulting her.

Heraclius stared at Honoria with a look that conveyed his thoughts, which could be surmised with the phrase.

"Was that necessary?"

Honoria ignored the eagle's glare; as she did so, she wiped the spit from her face with her glove and kicked the corpse of the Venetian Captain into the sea. After this was done, another hostage could not prevent himself from cursing the young princess.

"Fucking pirates!"

When Honoria heard this, she gazed fiercely at the man, instantly shutting him up. As she did so, she reached into her pocket and pulled out a paper signed by the Berengar. She had a smug smile on her face as she educated the man about his ignorance.

"Privateer actually, this here is a letter of marque and reprisal from King Berengar von Kufstein of Austria, signifying that my crew and I can attack enemy shipping and naval vessels. In doing so, we are allowed to keep any loot we might come across.

As for the rest of you, you are hostages; we will take you back to Trieste where you will be ransomed off, to whatever remains of your precious Venetian Republic..."

With that said, Honoria snapped at her compatriots as she bellowed her orders.

"Lock them up in the brig, and transfer whatever treasure this vessel carries onto our own. We're going hunting!"

With this said, the privateers got to work. While all of this was going on, Elfrun had carried on a small crate filled with sticks of dynamite; as she placed it down on the deck, Honoria looked at her curiously before asking the question on her mind.

"Elfrun, what are you doing?"

To this, the young teenage girl smiled brightly before picking up one of the sticks of dynamite and holding a lighter that had been manufactured in Austria next to it.

"I'm going to blow this ship up!"

The cute and excited expression on the girl's face did not match the violent words she had uttered; as such, Honoria was quite taken aback at first; however, after a few moments, Honoria began to break out in laughter; this caused Elfrun to pout in response.

After calming herself down, Honoria walked over and hugged Elfrun tightly before responding to her claim.

"Just make sure to do it after we have safely exited the vessel!"

Elfrun began to blush at the affectionate display. However, eventually, she embraced Honoria's gesture and closed her eyes while enjoying the moment. After a few seconds had passed, Honoria let go when she noticed Melissa had arrived.

Melissa did not bother to question the scene in front of her and instead reported the crew's findings to Honoria.

"We hit the jackpot, aside from some chests filled with hyperpyrons! We've got purple dye, loads of silk and cotton too! We also got some Indian spices and some rare animal skins; evidently, they were on their way back from trading with Constantinople!"

When Honoria heard this, a pretty smile curved upon her luscious pink lips, she was delighted to know that their first take was so bountiful. As such, she asked the question on her mind.

"Is everything transferred over?"

In response to this, Melissa nodded silently; as such, Honoria commanded her crew.

"Everyone! Please get back to the ship; we are departing; after everyone was safely aboard and the vessel had begun to leave, Honoria tapped Elfrun's shoulder and smiled as she nodded silently; this was the queue the girl needed to start the fireworks.

With a cruel smile on the girl's cute face, the pyromaniac lit the stick of TNT in her hands before tossing it onboard the freshly ransacked Caravel; the explosive compound landed perfectly in the stack of dynamite, where the fuse slowly began to consume itself.

After Honoria's Revenge had made its way to a safe distance, the stick of TNT detonated, causing a chain reaction with the other explosives, effectively blowing the small Caravel to smithereens.

As the explosion blasted the Caravel apart amid the Aegean sea, the crew of pirates gazed upon their victory with awe. They could hardly believe what they had just done; this crew of wenches had ushered in a new era of naval warfare.

There was only one person to thank for such a thing, and that was King Berengar von Kufstein of Austria; without his support to Honoria, these young women would never be able to feel the rush of adrenaline they had felt this day, nor would they ever see such wealth in their hands.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 306: Cat Fight III
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was away at war, one man was in Kufstein working exceptionally hard to cover for the King's absence; this man was Chancellor Otto von Graz. After the debacle with Liutbert, Berengar had selected someone else to act as Chancellor.

However, this man had utterly failed to live up to the task. Thus when Berengar promoted his Uncle and soon-to-be father-in-law to Marquess, he also gave him the position of Chancellor, which in Berengar's Kingdom was equivalent to the Vice President.

Otto had been working at home in Graz during his tenure as Chancellor until now; after all, there was not much work that needed to be done in such a position. Now that Berengar was off at war, it was the Chancellor's job to rule in his stead.

Thus Otto had traveled to Kufstein with Adela in tow and was currently living within a chateau built within the city. Every day Adela would visit the Castle of Kufstein, where she would interact with her rival Linde. She also played with her dear friend and cousin Henrietta, who had just begun to enter into her teenage years.

At the moment Adela was in a meeting with Linde, the two young women were having a serious discussion now that they were alone for the first time in a long time. Adela had a calm expression on her face as she began to chastise Linde for her behavior that resulted in another child before Adela herself could marry her fiance.

"You couldn't help yourself, could you? You just had to convince Berengar into giving you another child so soon, even though you knew there were still some years before he and I got married.

That's selfish of you; you know that, right? I still have months before I can marry my fiance, and in the meantime, he has given you his lover two children. Do you have any idea how envious that makes me?

How long will this war last? What if he doesn't come home for a year or two? If that is the case, then by the time I get married to him, your children will already be five and three. How is that fair to me?"

In response to this line of questioning, Linde held her head high; she was exceptionally proud of her relationship with Berengar and felt no guilt for her actions. Seeing the smug grin on Linde's exquisite face, Adela sighed in defeat before placing her forehead in the palm of her hand; she sounded exhausted as she admitted defeat.

"Whatever, that's in the past; what I need to worry about now is Honoria; just how much have the two of them been sleeping together? Do I need to worry about another bastard child being born before my own?"

The term bastard greatly pained Linde; however, she kept it to herself. Instead, a wicked smile curved itself upon the angelic beauty's lips as she thought of the question Adela asked; as such, Linde decided to punish the little fiancee for her cruel remarks.

This did not go unnoticed by the shrewd girl, who confused Linde's smug expression as a sign that she knew something important. As such, a cold gaze spread across Adela's sapphire blue eyes as she glared at Linde with a stern expression.

"What aren't you telling me?"

Linde was aware of how many nights Berengar had spent with Honoria. Since his birthday nearly half a year ago, the man had been demanding that his two women share his bed with him at the same time; as such, there was not an intimate moment between Berengar and Honoria that the veteran spymaster was unaware of, at least in recent history.

With this in mind, Linde decided to play with Berengar's fiancee, who she thought of as nothing more than a naive little girl, seeing Adela's reaction to the debauchery that Berengar engaged in with his two lovers every night would at the very least be entertaining to the young woman.

"I wouldn't worry about that if I were you, Berengar hasn't done anything that could get the girl pregnant."

This answer confused Adela, as she was still young and innocent and was unaware that three people could share a bed, or how one could have sex without the risk of pregnancy. All she knew about procreation was the small details her parents had informed her of, which was nothing more than basic biology.

As such, the young fiancee asked the question on her mind in a fit of fury.

"How could you possibly know that?!"

Upon hearing this, Linde simply smiled before approaching the girl and whispering in her ear the grotesque details about how she and Honoria would service Berengar every night. Before long, Adela's cute face was flushed red with embarrassment. No matter how much Linde said, she could not pull herself away out of curiosity.

After Linde had spent a few minutes explaining her usual nightly play with her master, she broke away from the girl with a satisfied expression. The Embarrassed and shocked appearance of Adela was too cute, and Linde intended to enjoy every second of it.

It took Adela a few moments to find the words to rebuke Linde. At first, she stammered over herself before gradually forming the words to chastise the vixen in front of her.

"y... y... you pervert! You're sick; there's no way Berengar would do such a thing! You have to be lying!"

However, Linde giggled in response to Adela's innocent reactions; to her, this was the best form of revenge for what the little girl had said about her children earlier. As such, she responded to Adela in an amorous tone.

"I am sure that after your wedding night, he will pressure you into joining the fun; I can't wait until I see the day, little sister..."

The moment Adela heard those words, she began to pout and reject Linde's statement; there was no way she could ever conceive of the idea of sleeping with Berengar along with his two lovers. It was simply out of the question!

"I will never do such a thing, even if Berengar asks it of me! That's just wrong; for so many reasons, how can you possibly live so sinfully? Are you not afraid that God will punish you? To think you would drag Berengar down into such filth with you!"

This comment only made Linde laugh even more; this statement was just too funny to her; as such, she laughed so hard that she nearly collapsed. After over thirty seconds of laughing, the young woman finally began to calm down and wiped the tears from her eyes.

Adela, of course, was furious at this response and had grit her teeth while curling her fists as she struggled to contain her inner wrath when she asked about Linde's outrageous reaction.

"What's so funny?"

To this, Linde sighed before informing Adela of the reality.

"It was not me who suggested such a thing, to begin with..."

Adela found this shocking; if it was not Linde, it could only be Honoria. However, Adela did not immediately pin the blame on the young princess. Instead, she asked the identity of the pervert who first thought up such wicked behavior.

"Then who was it?"

Linde struggled to contain her laughter as she anticipated Adela's expression when she heard this next piece of information.

"Well, Berengar had joked around about the idea a few times to me, but it was ultimately Honoria who came up with the plan to give him such a birthday gift. I had my reservations at first, but it was quite an enjoyable experience. I am sure you will join us soon enough. After all, I can tell that you are curious no matter how much you protest."

After saying that, Linde walked past Adela, tapping her on the shoulder before leaving the room in silence. In doing so, she left Adela alone with nothing but her imagination about such a situation where she, Linde, Honoria, and Berengar all embraced one another.

The more Adela thought about it, the more her mind went numb until she finally shook herself out of her stupor. At that moment, the little fiancee made a solemn vow to herself as she cursed Linde beneath her breath.

"I will never allow such a thing to happen; just you watch bitch!"

After saying this, Adela too left the room; however, unlike Linde, who had left in style, Adela had gone out in a tantrum; she could not believe Berengar had fallen to such depravity. As such, she made it her mission to bring Bernegar back into the light. Whether she would teach the man, she loved the error of his ways or fall to the depravity she resented was yet to be seen.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 307: Excessive Plunder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After having successfully raided the Venetian merchant vessel, Honoria and her crew had begun to set sail for Trieste. Austria did not have much coastline at the moment, and Trieste had formed the central trading hub.

It was also the city with the largest harbor, as it held Austria's most significant shipyard. The haul that the crew of Honoria's Revenge had achieved was substantial. Not only did they manage to loot the wealth the merchants had gained from their recent trade with Byzantine Merchants, but they also got ahold of the expensive items they were bringing back to Venice.

On top of this, they got several prisoners to ransom back to Venice. If Venice refused to pay for their ransom, they would sell them to slavers within Constantinople for profit. Either way, there was money to be made with the captives.

At the moment, Honoria was enjoying the beer Berengar had given to her; it was the standard drink prepared onboard the Vessel. In the middle of her Captain's quarters, she was lying on her plushy feather mattress, which was covered with silk sheets.

She immensely enjoyed the freedom of the seas, and she could not thank Berengar enough for fulfilling her dreams. The only thing she regretted was that her lover was off at war while she returned to his borders. If not for that, she might stop by Kufstein to engage in some fun with Berengar and Linde.

However, Honoria's thoughts did not last long as she overheard a knock on her door; as such, she rose from her bed and walked over to the door. After opening it, she saw that Elfrun was standing at the entrance with an excited expression on her face. Before Honoria could inquire about it, Elfrun blurted out her news.

"Captain, we have spotted a Genoan Vessel! It appears to be a Carrack! What are your orders?"

Hearing that such a large merchant vessel was nearby brought a smile to Honoria's face as she immediately placed her beer upon her cupboard and grabbed ahold of her baldric, which contained her pistols and her sword.

After slinging it over her shoulder, Honoria put on the cavalier hat Berengar had given her and smiled before giving her orders.

"We're going to pillage it, of course!"

With this, Elfrun's excitement grew even further as she grabbed ahold of two grenades from her belt and rubbed them with anticipation.

"I can't wait to use these bad boys!"

Seeing such a cute expression on the young adolescent girl's face as she talked about violence brought a smile to Honoria's own immaculate visage. As such, she grabbed ahold of the girl and stuffed her into her bosom before exclaiming.

"Oh, my sweet little Elfrun, you are just too adorable!"

Elfrun did not deny the hug and nuzzled against Honoria's chest like a cute little kitten with a smile on her face. After a few moments, Honoria released the girl before dragging her up to the ship's deck as she began to shout her orders to her crew of salty wenches.

"Prepare for battle! We are taking this Carrack!"

With that said, the girls onboard began to cheer as they loaded their weapons. Before long, the Sloop of War that was Honorai's privateering Vessel caught up with the Genoan Carrack. With this in mind, Honoria immediately gave the order when they had successfully entered the firing range.

"Fire at will!"

The moment Honoria gave this command, the 18 lb long guns opened fire on the carrack with their solid shot. They did not intend to cripple or blow up this ship, a carrack was a mighty vessel capable of journeying from the Mediterranean to the Baltic, and as such, it was worth a fortune. If they could capture the Vessel and repair it, they could sell it to the Byzantines or Granadans for a substantial sum.

With this in mind, the cannons fired their solid cannonballs into the enemy vessel. Before the Genoans could even react, they found themselves being blasted apart. After the first volley of 10 cannonballs was propelled at the target, Honoria's crew rapidly began to reload the guns before once more firing the projectiles.

With each cannonball, a bit more of the carrack was chipped away, and the Genoan sailors were forced to bilge the rising water within their Vessel. This was an issue Honoria's ship did not have due to the water-tight seal created from the galvanized steel-plated hull.

The Carrack was nearly defenseless from the cannon fire forced upon it by Honoria's Vessel; after all, it utterly lacked in offensive weapons, aside from a few crossbows utilized by the sailors.

The roughly 50 sailors aboard the Genoan Vessel fired their crossbows at the enemy, but Honoria and her girls were well protected by the cover the ship's hull provided. As such, the Women onboard Honoria's Revenge fired their repeating flintlocks at the enemy sailors.

The rate of fire, the effective range, and the damage these weapons were capable of was vastly superior to the crossbows used by the Genoan sailors. Before long, half of the Genoan sailors were dead, and they had begun to raise the white flag.

After this action was completed, they disarmed themselves, and Honoria's crew lowered the planks, where they quickly boarded the Vessel. After doing so they began to restrain the surviving Genoan sailors. The crew of the Carrack was surprised to see that the pirates who attacked them were all women.

As such, the Captain of the Vessel began to bark at the lasses who had attacked his ship.

"Which one of you bitches in charge?"

The moment he said this, Honoria appeared before him with a cruel smirk on her face. She kicked the man in the gut in response to his statement before informing him of her status.

"I am Captain Valeria Zonara, Privateer licensed by the Kingdom of Austria to combat the enemies of his Majesty King Berengar; you will show me some respect!"

The man had just begun to recover from the violent reaction when he spat on the ground before further cursing the woman.

"Fucking Austrians! They've now got women doing their dirty work; you fucking barbarians should learn your place!'

Honoria glared viciously at the Captain of the Genoan Vessel, these sailors had no respect for women or Berengar's people, and as such, they needed to be taught a lesson; thus, a devilish idea formed in the princess's mind as she barked her orders.

"Elfrun!"

With this, the little girl immediately jumped up from her spot and saluted Honoria.

"Yes, Captain?"

A wicked grin formed across Honoria's immaculate visage as she asked Elfrun the question on her mind.

"Do you think you have a grenade that can fit in this man's mouth?"

Elfrun went from shock to a state of excitement as she matched Honoria's malicious smile before fumbling in her pockets. As she did so, she found a small steel ball filled with explosive powder and a fuse.

The moment she pulled out the small explosive device, the little girl leaped with joy as she walked? over to the Genoan Captain and forced the grenade in his mouth with the fuse sticking out.? After doing so, she gazed at Honoria, who nodded at her in response. Upon seeing this, Elfrun lit the fuse with her lighter before backing off from the blast zone.

The Captain's eyes opened wide as he tried to scream for help, but it was no use, the grenade was lodged between his jaw, and he could not quickly spit it out, nor could his cries for help reach the ears of his compatriots who were bound nearby. Witnessing such a horrific sight, the Genoan sailors began to scream for Honoria to stop

"Mercy! Show him mercy, please!"

Luckily the fuse was a slow-lit match. Otherwise, the man's head would have exploded by now; as such, Honoria glanced over at Elfrun before asking the question on her mind.

"What do you think? Should we show mercy?"

With this, the little girl began to pout; she wanted to see the sight of the man's head explode, purely for scientific reasons, of course. However, after thinking about it, the girl thought it might be a bit too cruel and pulled the grenade out of the man's mouth before tossing it into the sea.

After doing so, Elfrun realized that the man had quite literally pissed his pants in fear, and as such, the girl was disgusted before walking back to Honoria's side. It took the Genoan Captain a few moments to come back to his senses before he gazed up at Honoria as if she were the devil.

As he stared at the foreign beauty, a malicious smile spread across her visage before she leaned in and whispered to him.

"Call me a bitch again, and I promise you the next time I will go through with it, do you understand?"

The Genoan Captain had shivers down his spine as he nodded silently towards the demonic woman in front of him. Afterward, Honoria called out to her crew.

"You know the drill, put them in the brig, and plunder the vessel, whatever we can't take leave on the ship, after all, we're sailing this baby to port!"

With that said, the girls quickly got to work, locking up the prisoners and distributing the goods; before long, the two ships were sailed side by side by Honoria's crew on their journey to Trieste. The gains they made on this day were substantial; one thing was sure, Honoria and her crew would be eating well tonight.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 308: The Holy Roman Empire Responds
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Within the city of Florence, the Doges of Venice and Genoa were kneeling before the Holy Roman Emperor. Emperor Balsamo Corsini was beyond livid after the pre-emptive strike Berengar had engaged in on his two most powerful vassals.

The destruction of the majority of the Genoan and Venetian navies was a massive blow to Imperial power, not just in the war against Austria but across the Mediterranean as a whole. Besides this, Berengar had openly licensed pirates, or privateers as he referred to them to attack what little shipping remained of Empire.

With this in mind, the Emperor had called his two subordinates to the current capital of the Empire with the intent of seeing how this crisis they were suffering could be salvaged. The Venetian Doge was the first to speak his mind.

"Three-fourths of my Navy was destroyed in the attack on my harbor, along with well over half of my merchant fleet! The attack has laid waste to the pier itself; as such, Venice can no longer accept trade by sea without a port!

If that were not bad enough, our shipyards were annihilated, and our factories have been reduced to rubble. Because of this, we cannot build new ships for God knows how long!"

The Venetian Doge's face was flushed with anger, and his fists were curled as he shouted these words at the Emperor. The attack was swift and unexpected; Berengar had purposely sent the swiss agent without a horse to deliver the news of Austria's Independence to the Emperor.

With the time it took the man to reach Florence, Berengar had engaged in pre-emptive strikes on Venice and Genoa and amassed an army at the Italian borders. The aftermath of these attacks had severely reduced the Empire's ability to fight on the seas.

The Genoan Doge was not in any better condition; despite this, unlike his Venetian counterpart, he remained calm and collected as he informed the Emperor of Genoa's losses.

"We are in a similar situation; eighty percent of our Armada now lies at the bottom of the Ligurian Sea, our harbor is non-existent, and our ability to manufacture new ships has been crippled. We don't even possess the ability to repair the ships that remain. I must say, your Majesty, we are poorly equipped to face the Austrian Navy at sea."

The Emperor frowned as he heard this and tapped his armrest repeatedly as the noise echoed in the otherwise silent throne room. He could not believe that such an attack had occurred; not only that, but the Austrians were now laying siege to Verona as he spoke to his Vassals.? Eventually, the Emperor collected his thoughts before asking the question on his mind.

"How many ships do we still have?"

The Genoan and Venetian Doges looked at one another before the Genoan Doge answered the Emperor's question.

"Less than three hundred, your majesty..."

The Emperor sighed when he heard this; if this was the case, then the Empire as a whole had between three hundred and four hundred ships left available for combat. The losses they had suffered in Berengar's sneak attacks were an unmitigated disaster.? As such, the Emperor asked the following question on his mind

"How many ships do the Austrians have at their disposal?"

The Venetian Doge was the one to speak as he gave a rough estimate of the Austrian Naval Power.

"In there Navy? About seventy-five. However, there also appears to be a half-dozen of these so-called privateers attacking any Imperial merchant vessel they can get their hands on. So it is closer to 80 in total. The problem is the Austrian ships are larger and carry far more cannons on board; we don't know the exact number, but they should have thousands of cannons on their eighty or so ships."

The Emperor gripped his armrest tightly when he heard this report; he gritted his teeth as he struggled to contain his inner fury. Eventually, he calmed himself down before inquiring about information on the firepower that their remaining fleet possessed.

"And pray tell, how many cannons do we have onboard our vessels?"

The Venetian and Genoan Doges looked at one another with fear in their eyes, the two men were terrified to answer the question; ultimately, the Genaon Doge mustered the courage to reveal the truth of the matter to the already agitated Emperor.

"Less than 1500 in total. The Austrians may have fewer vessels than we do, but their firepower and speed are vastly superior to ours. To engage them in direct conflict is suicidal."

This was not the news the Emperor wanted to hear. However, it was real, and he was forced to deal with it; as such, the Emperor sighed heavily as he placed his face in the palm of his hands while struggling to come up with a solution for the crisis they were facing.

"What are the odds of us being able to attack their shipping? If we can return the favor and cripple their economy, then surely we might be able to turn the tides of war around?"

In response to this question, the Venetian Doge was far from calm on this matter as he immediately objected to the notion's feasibility.

"Impossible! The Austrian merchant vessels travel at an incredible speed; they are capable of close to three times the speed of our ships. There is no feasible method that we can use to pursue them effectively."

When Balsamo heard this, he began to grind his teeth in discontent; it appeared as if he were out of options at this point. However, he outright refused to abandon the Naval aspect of warfare with the Austrians, and as such, he began to ask for suggestions from the two Naval experts in the room.

"Tell me then, how do you suggest we most effectively utilize our remaining naval power?'

With this said, the Genoan Doge immediately presented what he believed to be the most efficient use of their ships.

"We should use our remaining naval vessels as escorts to our merchant ships. With such a large number of warships protecting our trading fleet, the Austrian pirates will have to think twice about attacking them."

Having heard this, the Venetian Doge nodded as he voiced support for the proposed plan.

"If we can not protect our merchants, then our economy will crumble, and we will not be able to sustain the war effort against Austria. I support my Genoan counterpart's plan of action."

It was quite possibly the first time these two men had agreed on anything, and as such, the Emperor was quite surprised. Thus, he sighed heavily before making a decision.

"We will do as you suggest then; I would like to see how daring these privateers are when a naval escort protects our merchant fleet!"

After this was said, the two Doges nodded their heads in firm resolve; they would immediately relay the orders to their remaining warships to protect merchant convoys at all costs. As such, the Emperor dismissed his two Vassals so they could make the appropriate preparations.

As for the Emperor, he sighed heavily as he thought about the numerous problems with the war for Austrian Independence. While he was sulking in his thoughts, a General came into the fray and handed the Emperor a report from the battlefield in the Swiss Confederation.

The moment the Emperor finished reading the report, he tore it apart in a fit of rage as he chastised his General heavily.

"The County of Chur has surrendered without a fight? What lunacy is this!?!"

The General bowed his head respectfully as he tried to appease the enraged Emperor.

"Your Majesty, the County of Chur is a hotbed of reformist thought; it does not surprise me in the least that they would defect to Berengar's cause. If this is the case in Chur, it could prove to be a potential reality in other parts of the Empire that have begun to embrace the German Reformation."

The Emperor struggled to maintain his dignity as he heard this observation and ultimately failed to do so as he lashed out as his General.

"These damned Heretics! The fact that you refer to them as Reformists shows where your loyalties truly lie! Get out of my sight before I have you executed!"

The General was shocked to see the Emperor behave in such a manner; he was utterly unaware of the conversation that had just taken place and had no way of knowing that the poor news he brought to the Emperor was just the icing on the cake.

Despite his reservations over his mistreatment, he merely bowed respectfully in response to the Emperor's request. With his departure, the General left behind the words.

"As you command, your majesty..."

In the end, the Emperor was left alone, seething in his enraged state, as his world began to collapse around him.? The truth of the matter was, with half of the Empire already embroiled in a state of conflict, the Emperor was not ready to fight a war with Austria.

The Italians had yet to muster their army in its entirety, and 50,000 Austrians were already laying siege to Verona.? By the time the Italians could rally their forces to combat the threat, half of Northern Italy was likely to be taken by the Royal Austrian Army.

The Emperor may be quick to anger, but he knew well enough that if he met the Austrians in the field, only death awaited him and his men. With this in mind, the Emperor began to construct a plot to slow down the Austrian advance and buy him the time necessary to build an army large enough to counter the Austrian invasion of Italy.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 309: For King and Fatherland!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Berengar awoke to the thunderous echos of cannon fire from among his encampment. The weapons went off the moment the sun rose in the sky above the city of Verona. In his army of 50,000 men, Berengar had three entire brigades dedicated to Artillery that was a total of 12,000 men and 210 field guns.

If one were to take his entire army into consideration, Berengar had a total of five Artillery Brigades, two of which were currently located in the Swiss Confederation along with Adelbrand and the rest of his forces. Out of 75,000 men, 20,000 of them were dedicated to artillery. With the remaining 55,000 being a mix of infantry and cavalry.

That meant that Berengar had a total of 350 artillery pieces in his entire army, most of these being 1417 12 lb Cannons. With these 210 cannons fielded in Berengar's current army, which had a rate of fire of 1 round per minute, he was capable of bombarding a region with 12,600 explosive shells in an hour.

As such, the city walls of Verona fell before the population dwelling within had even consumed breakfast. As the northern wall crumbled to the ground from the hellish bombardment, Berengar stood among his forces, clad in his gilded black three quarter's plate armor.? He held his burgonet under his arm as he addressed his soldiers gathered in the field.

"Men of Austria! We have many goals, here in Italy, and that is not simply to force the Emperor to recognize the Independence of the fatherland! With this war, we have been granted an opportunity, for the expansion of our people's wealth and prosperity.

In this city, and every city like it here in Northern Italy, lies a trove of wealth, that few countries have ever amassed. There is gold, there is silver, and we will take it all! Now my rules of war still apply, to each and every one of you.

However, what I ask of you, here today, in Verona, is to plunder every item of value from this city, and bring it back to Austria! We will smelt the silver, and gold, into our currency, and stimulate the growth of our economy, which has already begun to stagnate!

Anyone who tries to stop you in your actions is to be considered an adversary, and should be treated as such! God with us!"

The moment Berengar finished his passionate speech the army of 50,000 soldiers gathered around him began chanting their warcry.

"God with us!" "God with us!" "God with us!"

After saying this Berengar placed his burgonet on his head and unsheathed his sword before leading the charge into the rubble that once was the city's Northern Wall. As he charged into the fray, he noticed the few thousand defenders gathered among the rubble, preparing to lay down their lives in defense of the city, and the people within it.

As such Berengar halted and allowed his soldiers to form ranks, where a battalion of Grenadiers fired their shots into the crowd. The moment they did so the lead projectiles found their way downrange and into the men who had gathered before them, piercing through their iron armor as if it were a knife passing through butter, and with it turning their armor into bloody sieves.

For good measure, the Grenadiers followed the volley by lobbing their grenades at the enemy, after 1000 grenades went of those were left standing were either blown apart along with their fallen comrades or rendered in a condition unfit for battle.

In a matter of seconds, the only thing that stood in the Austrians way was sorely defeated. In response to this the battalion who had fired their shots reloaded their weapons, as the other infantry battalions rushed into the fray.

Berengar stood back among his grenadiers as he allowed them to reload their weapons in a matter of seconds with their quick loading tubes. After doing so they advanced over the piles of mutilated corpses and into the City of Verona where the chaotic scene displayed itself.

While Bernegar's troops were disciplined thoroughly, to the point where killing or raping civilians was strictly off-limits, they had been ordered to ransack the city, and as such, they behaved like a horde of barbarians.

Kicking down doors, and tearing the houses apart looking for anything of value. Those few citizens who dared to resist found themselves gunned down, or ran through with a bayonet. in this chaotic time, the denizens of Verona found themselves gazing in horror as their city was torn apart by a horde of Austrian soldiers.

Berengar personally led his troops to the area he knew to be stashed with the most significant amount of wealth, and that was the city's cathedral. When he kicked down the door to the church, the priests and citizens who had taken refuge inside gazed upon the Austrians with horror, as if they were the same barbarians who tore Rome apparent centuries ago.

The priest immediately approached Berengar and got in his path as he entered the building, holding a cross in his face and proclaiming the cathedral to be unassailable.

"This is holy ground, you devils can not be here, turn back or face the wrath of God!"

Upon this priests' neck was a golden crucifix worth a substantial sum and as such Berengar gazed at the men with a wicked smile before grabbing ahold of him by the necklace. As he did so he stared into the priest's eyes before mocking him.

"Relax, I'm not here for your worthless lives, only the wealth you church hordes away."

With this said Berengar ripped the golden crucifix from the Priests neck before knocking him out with a solid punch. The steel gauntlet on Berengar's hand aided in the desired effect. As the priest tumbled to the ground Berengar caught ahold of him, to make sure he did not crack his skull on the wooden pews, and gently laid him to the ground.

As he did so the crowd of civilians shrieked in horror, however, Berengar simply ignored them before commanding his grenadiers to strip the Cathedral of its wealth.

"Take everything of value, and leave the people be unless they make an attempt on your life do no harm unto them."

With this said the Austrian soldiers began to tear down the crucifixes, stash away the chalices, and even tore down the golden statue of christ himself, before carrying it away. After everything of value from the church had been seized, Berengar and his troops left the cathedral in a bare state, with the civilians inside bawling like children.

It did not take an army of 50,000 men long to ransack everything of worth within the city of Verona, and they had turned the city upside down in the process. After acquiring every small piece of gold and silver, and transferring it into a giant pile outside the city Berengar stood before his troops and gazed upon the wealth that Verona had stashed away.

An avaricious smirk was spread upon the young monarch's face as he witnessed the spoils of war. Yet, it was not enough, the true prize was in the city of Florence, for there lay an exceptionally wealthy family of bankers, who had the fortune to rival even Berengar.

This family was not yet nobility, and yet they held enough wealth to finance Berengar's enemies, that being the entirety of the Catholic Church. Berengar's true goal in this war was not something as simple as independence, it was to strip away every bit of gold and silver the Medici had stashed away, and cripple the Vatican's ability to finance a crusade against him.

Austrian Independence and the establishment of a separate Northern Italian Kingdom as a Protectorate beneath his suzerainty was secondary to acquiring the vast fortune of the Medicis. However, those were plans for the near future, for now, Berengar had other thoughts in mind.

As such he gave yet another impassioned speech to his troops as they gazed upon the wealth they had acquired from Venice with greed.

"Any man among you who has through a moment of weakness stashed away some spoils gained in this battle step forward and add it to the pile, and I will grant you impunity! I know the hearts of men, I too have the instinct to hoard this pile of gold away in some corner of Austria, never allowing it to see the light of day!

Yet, I am strong enough in my conviction to utilize every speck of wealth we have gained here on this day, and in our future campaign in Italy for one single purpose! The minting of currency! I will not lie to you, our Kingdom faces economic stagnation, there is not enough gold and silver to go around, to fill the pockets of the people of Austria who work every day for a better future!

This wealth is intended not for my personal fortune, but for the prosperity of all Austrians! So, those among you who have stashed away some of the gains you have found within this city, I implore you once more to step forward, and add it to the pile if not for yourselves, than for the good of Kingdom!"

There was silence for some time until one man, in particular, walked forward. This man was Captain Arnwald, he was a man respected by the soldiers under his command, as Berengar had said in a moment of weakness he had stashed away a small pouch filled with gold coins within his belt's contianers.

After the man had emptied the pouch of coins into the vast pile, it did not take long before more men followed suit, and emptied their hidden wealth onto the pile, before long over half the army had done so until not a single missing piece of treasure remained in the hands of his soldiers.

As Berengar saw this, he nodded his head and smiled upon his men, in doing so he made them a solemn vow.

"For your loyalty, and faith in your fatherland, I will make you a promise here on this day, every single piece of this treasure shall be used to invest in the future of the Kingdom of Austria, with it you, and your families shall see greater heights of prosperity, make no mistake, you all shall see your fair share of the spoils we gain in this war!"

After saying this Arnwald saluted Berengar and voiced his chant.

"For King and Fatherland!"

After saying so, the entire army repeated these words in unison.

After this speech was over, Berengar had every piece of treasure that was pooled in the pile recorded, and then sent a convoy of 5,000 men to ensure its safe return to the Royal Treasury of Austria.

Berengar would stay true to his vow, and use the vast stockpile of gold and silver, by smelting it down into the pure currency he had established.? In doing so he was able to temporarily stall the stagnation issues his economy was currently facing, and do so bring greater prosperity to all of Austria.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 310: Selling Stolen Goods
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Honoria and her Crew had attacked and ransacked two Imperial vessels, they immediately made their way to the port of Trieste. Trieste quickly became a significant trading hub within Austria, as it was the realm's largest harbor.

After several days of sailing, Honoria and her Crew finally arrived within the city, where they intended to sell the goods they had captured for a fair price. As such, Honoria, with Melissa and Elfrun by her side, stepped off of the vessel and began to search the marketplace for an appropriate buyer.

The rest of her Crew were waiting onboard the vessels guarding the prisoners and waiting for their pay so that they could get in a little R&R. After strolling through the markets of Trieste for some time, Honoria came across a textile trader.

The Granadan merchant was stunned to see a group of women dressed in pants and clad with weapon belts walking around in the Trieste market. His first instinct was to ignore the three women, fortunately for him, they began to approach the merchant, and as such, he let out a sigh before putting on a friendly facade.

"How can I help you?"

With this in mind, Honoria took out two shipping manifests that she had captured from the Imperial vessels.

"We have these goods to sell; I am sure you might be interested in our wares."

The Merchant looked through the items listed on the manifests. Initially, he had a dull expression however when he gazed across their contents his dark eyes quickly shined with avarice. The goods on this manifest were of the highest quality of Byzantine Silk and Indian Cotton.

It was not easy for a merchant from Granadan like him to get ahold of such items, and as such, he was greatly interested in bringing the materials back to the Emirate to sell for a profit. Of course, silk and cotton were not the only things that caught his interest; the purple dye was the most attractive of all the goods that the women had to offer.

After thinking about it for a few moments, the Merchant began to inquire about the origins of such fine materials.

"Where did you get such exquisite items?"

If these goods were stolen, it could cause quite some difficulty to the man, and judging by the attire these women were dressed in, they likely weren't merchants. However, to the man's surprise, Honoria pulled out a letter and handed it to the man.

This piece of parchment was the letter of marque and reprisal that Berengar had signed, permitting Honoria to engage in piracy against the Kingdom of Austria's enemies. By now, the term "Privateer" had become quite notorious among the merchants of the Mediterranean. Berengar's introduction of Privateering was an action heavily criticized by various states who had coastlines within the region.

Despite these protests, many merchants were willing to purchase such wares as they could be resold at a substantially higher rate in their home countries. As such, the Merchant was far from reluctant to buy the goods; if anything, it was in his favor that these women had found him to fence their ill-gotten gains. After thinking about it for some time, the man raised two fingers to name his price for the goods.

"I will pay ten thousand Austrian Thalers for the Cotton and Silk, as for the purple dye, I am greatly interested in it, but the cost is negotiable."

Upon hearing the Merchant's offer, Honoria discussed the costs with her crew members.

"I think it is a good deal, that is a substantial sum, and is slightly below market value. After all, the Merchant has to resell the goods to make a profit. As for the purple dye, we have five pounds of the substance, and the dye is worth three times its weight in gold; as such, we should demand Guldens in exchange for it!"

Melissa nodded her head in agreement, the Gulden was used for large transactions such as this, and they highly doubted the Merchant had 107,143 Austrian Thalers lying around. As such, she quickly agreed to Honoria's proposal.

"I agree, the Gulden is better to trade with; the amount of dye we have is worth roughly 1,530 Austrian Guldens! This is a fortune! We should ask for 1500, so he can still make a decent profit!"

Elfrun was primarily left out of the conversation; as such, Honoria and Melissa agreed to pose their offer to the Granadan Merchant. Honoria put on a confident facade as she did so.

"My offer is 1,500 Guldens! If you don't like it, I am sure that other Merchants would kill for the opportunity to buy such a stockpile of purple dye for the price I have offered!"

The Merchant knew the market value of such a precious substance, and it could be sold for an even greater price in Granada than here in Austria; after all relations between Granada and Byzantium were complicated to say the least, as such trade between the two Nations had suffered greatly over the years.

"Very well, if you would transfer the materials to my vessel, I will meet you there with the promised sum. It is a pleasure doing business with you girls."

After saying this, the man gave them the information on the location to meet up, and Honoria and the others returned to their ship, where they began to gather the resources for the trade.

Just by selling the textiles and dye, they had gained a substantial profit. If deposited into the National Bank of Austria, they could withdraw the amount of value from the Austrian Guldens in their Thaler equivalent, roughly 490 Austrian Thalers per Austrian Gulden.

Before long, the members of Honoria's Crew handed over the goods in exchange for several chests filled with Austrian Thalers and Guldens. After carefully calculating the goods and checking to see if there were any counterfeits, Honoria accepted the transaction.

After returning to the Sloop of War known as Honoria's revenge, the Crew gathered around the multiple chests filled with the large silver and gold coins. They could not believe their eyes, as they gazed upon the pile of wealth.

The wealth sitting before them was enough to buy a manor for several of the crew members and retire peacefully. However, greed was a natural human instinct. After seeing how much fortune they had gained without suffering any casualties, not a single woman among Honoria's Crew desired to retire after a mere two battles.

Silver and gold had an unnatural effect on the human mind; men and women alike would be willing to stab their siblings in the back for more of the substance. However, rather than turn on each other, these women desired to raid the merchants of the Holy Roman Empire. Reflecting upon her own internal desire to do so, Honoria decided to give a speech to her crew.

"We will be distributing the wealth we have gained to each member of the crew in equal shares. We are all one family onboard Honoria's Revenge, and thus we will share our fortune equally!

You may do what you wish when it comes to your wealth. However, I will be depositing my share into the National Bank of Austria under an account in my name, and I advise you to do the same. It is far safer under the protection of the Austrian Crown than it is hidden away in some far corner of the world!"

After saying this, not a single woman among the gathered crew members could disagree with Honoria's words. They were privateers licensed by the Austrian Crown and afforded legal protection in that regard. They were no mere pirates; thus they did not have to worry about their assets being seized by the government.

Before long, Honoria and her Crew had sold all of their goods, including the Carrack they had gained from the Genoan Merchants, amassing a substantial fortune on their first run. With this in mind, Honoria kept her word and divided the shares equally among her crew members. This was the result of the first of many pillages that the wenches of Honoria's Revenge would engage in during the Austrian War for Independence.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 311: The Italians Strike Back
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was marching onto his next target, which was the city of Milan, his supply routes were being maintained by the 5,000 soldiers who had transferred the treasure hoard gained from ransacking Verona.

These men were dedicated to ensuring that the main Army was well supplied and that any spoils were transported back to the Royal Treasury in Kufstein. However, due to the nature of their mission, they swiftly became targeted by the Italian forces.

Because the Italians could not contend with Austria in the field, they had begun to resort to skirmishing tactics against their enemy's scouting regiments. Since this was the way that they had chosen to engage in warfare, Berengar had devised a series of search and destroy tactics to hunt down the ambushers in advance of his march.

As for the logistical network, Berengar had increased the number of soldiers among their ranks from 5,000 to 5,500, adding a few scouts with them to ensure that the path ahead was secure. At the moment, this force of soldiers was led by the Colonel, who was Captain Arnwald's superior officer, with Arnwald's grenadier unit acting as the central offensive unit within their ranks.

Currently, this supply Caravan was in the middle of their encampment, within the fields between the Italian Alps and Milan. It was early morning, and the men had just woken up; they were in the process of tearing down the camp so that they could begin their long march to Milan, where Berengar's main Army was sure to be located.

Captain Arnwald was sharing a hemp cigarette between himself and the Colonel as they discussed their plans over a map within the command tent.

"Our supply route should lead us safely to the frontlines where we can resupply King Berengar and his forces. The scouts have spotted ahead, and they have assured us that there are no traps or ambushes laid out within our path. Give it another day or two, and we should have arrived at our destination without incident."

Arnwald, on the other hand, was not convinced; things had been quiet since they had begun their journey back to the frontlines. Over a week had passed since the Siege of Verona, and during this time, they had traveled to Kufstein and back.

Yet not once had they encountered an enemy ambush or any attempt at it. It was mind-boggling; after all, the best tactic the Italians could come up with to slow down the Austrian advance was ambushing smaller units detached from the main Austrian Army.

Despite being separated from the main force and tasked with the essential job of maintaining the supply routes into Italy, the Italians had seemingly ignored their intrusion; it was almost as if they were watching and waiting for the perfect opportunity to strike while the Austrians least expected it.

This made Arnwald quite paranoid, as he was confident the Italians would have targeted the Austrian Logistical Network. Regardless, neither the Scouts nor the Intelligence Agency had informed them of any nearby hostiles.

As Arnwald and the Colonel discussed their plans for the remainder of their journey, an unarmored Italian Knight dressed in simple attire was located in the distance, overlooking the Austrian encampment from the hilltops above.

The Italian Crown had become aware of the infiltration into Northern Italy by Berengar's spy network. In response to this threat, the Italians had adopted a compelling tactic; they had begun to shed their arms and armor and travel under the guise of refugee and merchant caravans; after all, their armor was practically useless in the face of Austria's wonder weapons.

The difference between these caravans and actual refugee groups was that they were comprised of the battled hardened soldiers of Italy and their hidden arms, which were needed to ambush the Austrian Armies. They had even brought women and children along with them to make things convincing, not fearing what would happen to the poor souls once the battle had erupted.

After carefully observing the Austrian encampment and the soldiers within it for some time, the Italian Knight rode his horse back to his unit, where he informed his commanding officers of what he had discovered. Since the Austrians were in the middle of tearing down their camp, it was the perfect time to ambush them.

Before long, this so-called Refugee convoy approached the Austrian forces, who were in the middle of preparing to move out; because of this, there were only a few men on guard, and as such, it took some time before the Italian caravan was spotted between the hillsides of the Milanese plains.

When the Austrians finally realized that an unknown caravan was approaching, the guards lowered their weapons towards the approaching strangers. However, before they could utter their commands, the men on horseback within the Italian forces unleashed their blades and charged towards the guards, piercing through their open-face helmets and reaping their lives.

The moment the Cavalry charged into the encampment, a large group of the Italian soldiers split off and began to swarm the Austrian soldiers before they could grab ahold of their weapons to retaliate. As the Italian men-at-arms charged towards the Austrian soldiers, arrows and bolts had begun to fly into the encampment.

The camp quickly found itself wholly overrun with the Italian soldiers who began to butcher the Austrian soldiers that struggled to equip themselves in an attempt to counter the well-planned ambush. While chaos erupted in the camp, a soldier rushed into the command tent, informing the Colonel and Captain Arnwald of the enemy ambush.

"Sir, we are under attack!"

Both the Colonel and Captain Arnwald gazed at each other with confusion; just where did the enemy soldiers come from? Despite their questions, both Officers knew now was not the time to ask, but instead, firm action was needed to be taken if they wished to survive the enemy ambush. With this in mind, the Colonel and Captain Arnwald burst from the command tent and began to rally their troops for battle.

"Form ranks! Grab your muskets and form ranks, dammit!"

Hearing the confident voice of their commanding officer pierce through the air was enough to snap the nearby soldiers into their senses, where their reflexes as battle-hardened veterans immediately took over. Now was the time for the extensive training they had been put through to truly reveal itself.

The soldiers rushed into their tents, where they retrieved their? 1417/18 Rifled Muskets, along with their web gear that contained their munitions. Before long, the Austrians began to form ranks while firing upon the so-called refugees who had snuck into their encampment.

Thousands of Austrians had now armed themselves with their muskets and began to effectively counter the Italian assault. As they rapidly reloaded their weapons and fired a second volley, the Italian forces were quickly cut to ribbons.

As the battle continued to wage, Arnwald rallied his Grenadiers, who fulfilled their purpose as the shock troops of the Austrian Army. Without fear, they began to load their muskets and fire into the mob of Italian Soldiers; after doing so, they lit their grenades and lobbed them into the fray.

Once the grenades had exploded, killing hundreds of Italians in the process, they fixed their bayonets. Where the fearless Grenadiers charged at the concussed soldiers of the Italian Army, skewering them with the triangular steel blades, causing mortal wounds that were impossible to stitch up—leaving the Italians to bleed out in a pool of their bodily fluids.

While this was going on, a few dozen Italian Knights recovered muskets from the fallen Austrian soldiers. After doing so, they immediately mounted their horses and fled into the distance; the moment they did so, the remaining Italian soldiers took notice and began to retreat, providing cover to the Knights as they escaped from the chaotic battlefield.

The tides of war rapidly shifted in the Austrians favor; as the Austrians regained their footing, the Italian ambushers were quickly slaughtered like a bunch of stray dogs. The battle had ended as soon as it had begun with an overwhelming victory for the Austrian soldiers.

Unfortunately, the Knights had gotten away with a few dozen muskets, which they would undoubtedly bring back the Empire's engineers. One thing was sure; such a result would have far-reaching consequences about the leaking of technology and the advancements that Berengar's enemies would soon come to possess.

The days of overwhelming technological dominance would quickly come to an end. If Berengar did not innovate his armies further, he would soon be combating forces with a similar military capacity to his own.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 312: Fall of Zurich
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While the Austrian supply caravan had suffered many losses on their journey to the city of Milan due to the enemy ambush, Adelbrand had been marching towards the rally point of the Swiss forces within the city of Zurich. Until now, the Swiss had not tasted the power of steel and shot, and as such, they were fairly arrogant.

Aside from the Mercenaries who were wiped out during Berengar's rise to power, the Swiss had not become aware of the effectiveness of Berengar's weaponry and refused to believe that the Austrians had become superior to their mighty forces.

As such, there was a degree of arrogance among the Swiss armies gathered in Zurich as they witnessed the Austrian soldiers clad in their black and gold equipment arriving outside their city's borders.

The commander of the Swiss forces gathered in Zurich was the Duke of Zurich; he was the current head of the Swiss Confederation and was a man of renowned power within the alpine state as he gazed upon the gathering Austrian army below his ramparts, a smug smile formed on his face. As he boldly declared the city's impregnability.

"I don't care what wonder weapons these Austrians have allegedly created; they will not be able to penetrate through the mighty walls of my city!-"

However, the moment the man said this, the echo of the 1417 12 lb artillery pieces roared through the air as the shells whistled by and detonated upon the mighty stone walls of the city. In a fit of cosmic irony, the section of the wall that the Duke of Zurich was standing upon was struck by one of these shells; the explosive impact crushed the ramparts and sent him spiraling below to his death.

With each barrage fired, the stone walls were rapidly chipped away as the explosive blasts engulfed the material that they were comprised of. With 140 cannons unleashing hell upon the cities walls, it was only a matter of hours before they were brought to rubble, much to the chagrin of the Swiss Defenders.

As the Austrian soldiers came pouring over the rubble that was once the mighty walls of the city, deemed impregnable by the Duke of Zurich, the Swiss could hardly believe the sight. In such a short period, the city walls were brought to ruin, and the enemy had rushed into the fray; with their bayonets affixed, they formed ranks and fired on the stunned Swiss defenders.

Adelbrand gazed upon his army from afar as they advanced into the city and engaged in battle with the Swiss soldiers who had gathered within its gates. Unfortunately, they arrived early and were battling only half of the troops the Swiss Confederation could manage to field.

Without a shadow of a doubt, Zurich would fall on this day, and with it, half of the Swiss Army. With this in mind, Adelbrand approached the front lines of the battle, where he witnessed the Austrian soldiers gunning down the Swiss spearmen who rushed towards the Austrian lines.

They had not been informed that human wave tactics did not affect the Austrian army; as the Swiss stepped every closer to the Austrian lines, smoke filled the air, and thunder echoed in the distance as thousands of guns went off in unison, shredding through the armor of the Swiss soldiers like a knife through butter, and tearing apart their internal organs.

Blood and bone scattered across the battlefield with each volley, creating panic among the Swiss forces; in the height of their hubris, they had not believed for a moment that the Austrian weapons could so easily pierce through their high-quality armor.

The Duke of Zurich was now buried beneath the rubble of the wall he was standing on, his head squashed like a melon as the giant piece of stone debris replaced where his skull once was. He had not survived the initial barrage and therefore could not rally the city's defenders behind him.

With their chain of command broken, it did not take long for the Swiss soldiers to break ranks and flee from the city's rear gates, struggling to break through at the expense of their comrade's lives. Unlike in Italy, the plan was not to raid and plunder the cities of Switzerland for their worth.

Instead, it was a matter of conquest and annexation. Thus while Swiss Soldiers fled the city rapidly, the Austrians secured the critical areas while leaving the civilians to their own devices. After a few hours, the battle had come to a close, and all resistance within the once-mighty city of Zurich had fallen.

The Austrian flag was slowly raised above its walls as Adelbrand gazed upon the setting sun with a stoic expression. While gazing off into the distance, his second in command approached him and relayed the information that he had received.

"Out of the 10,000 soldiers of the swiss army who were stationed in Zurich, over half of them were killed in battle. As for our casualties, less than 1,000 men were wounded or killed in action. What are the plans for the deceased?"

Adelbrand sighed before shifting his attention from the beautiful sunset towards his executive officer.

"Bring the Austrians back to the fatherland and have them buried in the national cemetery. As for the Swiss soldiers, bury them most fittingly. We are here to rule over these people, and thus we should not make a mockery of their dead."

The officer nodded his head in response to these orders; while he did so, he prepared to leave before remembering he had a note in his pocket that had arrived from the Italian front. With this in mind, he retrieved the letter and read its contents to General Adelbrand.

"The supply Caravan tasked with providing logistical support to Berengar's Army has been ambushed; they suffered minimal casualties, and a few dozen muskets were looted. Berengar has advised all forces that the enemy may disguise themselves as refugees or merchants and that we should remain vigilant. It would appear the enemy has realized that they can not contend with us in the field and thus are utilizing some unconventional tactics."

After hearing this, Adelbrand sighed heavily before giving his orders to the officer.

"Double the protection of our logistical network, and relay these orders to the officers in charge. I don't want any mishaps here on our campaign. If the Italians have adopted such tactics, it is only a matter of time before the Swiss do as well."

After hearing this, the officer saluted General Adelbrand before responding in the affirmative.

"Yes, sir!"

General Adelbrand returned the man's salute before giving him one last order for the day.

"Dismissed!"

With that having been said, the officer left the area where Adelbrand was standing, and the General was left by his lonesome, gazing off into the beautiful sunset that filled the sky with a unique blend of orange and purple light.

Only one thought escaped the man's lips as he reflected on this new information he received.

"Looks like things won't be so boring after all..."

With these events, the war for Austrian independence had taken a new turn, the days of significant field battles and human wave tactics would soon come to an end, as the Italian and Swiss forces would engage in unconventional warfare against the numerically and technologically superior forces of the Royal Austrian Army.

The Austrian occupation and annexation of Switzerland would become a long and brutal conflict, as the non-German population was sure to retaliate against the forces who presided over them with an Iron fist.

Berengar had no use of those who did not toe the line, and rebellion could not be tolerated. Despite the Austrian conquest of Zurich, the war for Switzerland had only just begun. Whether General Adelbrand could adapt to the new tactics employed by the enemy had yet to be seen.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 313: Keelhauled
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Among the Crew of Honoria's revenge, one lass, in particular, stood out among the primarily European crew. This woman was named Nazeeha el-Fahmy; she was a woman from the Mamluke Sultanate who had made her way to Austria as a slave sometime earlier in her life.

However, due to Berengar's legal reforms that outlawed slavery within the Kingdom of Austria, Nazeeha soon found herself accessible and incapable of working. After all, she was both a woman and a minority, and she was not afforded the privileges that the normal Austrians received.

With nowhere to go in life, she had ended up selling her body to sustain herself within the city of Kufstein; after all, a foreign beauty was a highly desirable object by many of the patrons who visited the brothel where she had previously worked.

Nazeeha was out purchasing supplies on one fateful day when she came across Princess Honoria, who had introduced herself as Valeria Zonara. The two ended up chatting for some time before the runaway princess gave Nazeeha an offer, one where she could live a life of freedom and fortune.

After carefully considering the offer, Nazeeha had joined Valeria's Crew. She did not mind that Valeria was a Byzantine, despite their two peoples being bitter enemies for centuries; after all, it was not like she was a member of the Byzantine aristocracy who was responsible for the numerous invasions into her people's lands.

Or so she thought, and as such, she had been enjoying her time as a member of Honoria's Crew. However, the more she utilized the weapons provided to her by the Austrian Crown, the more she became convinced that such weapons needed to be smuggled into her homeland so that they could be used to repel the Byzantine invaders.

Due to Austria's military aid, most of Egypt and Lybia had fallen to the Byzantines. With it, the most economic regions of her homeland had fallen to their bitter enemies. As a profoundly patriotic woman, Nazeeha desired to aid her people in whatever way she could.

Thus while the Crew of Honoria's Revenge was docked in the city of Benghazi to sell the loot they had acquired from the vessels they had recently ransacked, Nazeeha was undertaking another mission. Hidden beneath her cloak was one of the 1421 Repeating Flintlocks that Berengar had designed for Honoria's use.

She was secretly heading to a clandestine meeting between herself and a representative of the Mamluke Sultanate. Unbeknownst to her, she had been followed by a mysterious agent in the shadows.

For over a year now, Linde's spy network had expanded to Byzantium and the Mamluke Sultanate; with the opening of trade routes across the Mediterranean largely in part to Berengar's naval expansion, opportunities for embedding agents across the coastal regions of the sea presented themselves.

Never one to miss an opportunity, Linde had taken this chance to expand and strengthen her spy network. As such, a small cell of Austria's intelligence agency was located in Benghazi and had become aware of this meetup. They had quickly identified the target and followed her to the meeting, where she was now standing face to face with a member of the Mamluke military.

The man was a high-ranking official tasked by the Sultan to procure the advanced weaponry that the woman claimed she had come across. As he stood in front of Nazeeha, he asked the question on his mind.

"Do you have what you have promised to bring?"

Nazeeha nodded her head silently before revealing the repeating flintlock. The moment the officer gazed upon the weapon, he knew it was not something remotely similar to the arquebuses in use by the Byzantine Forces.

As such, he reached out and grabbed ahold of the weapon, pointing it into the air and cocking the action back before firing. The shot flew into the air, and after it had done so, he cocked the flintlock back and fired again.

After several uses of the weapon, the officer nodded his head with an excited grin curved upon his lips. He handed the gun off to a subordinate before taking out a small chest filled with gold coins, which he handed over to Nazeeha.

"Your service to the Sultanate is greatly appreciated, a small reward on behalf of the Sultan as proof of his gratitude."

Nazeeha eyes widened as she saw this wealth and quickly grasped ahold of it before stashing it away beneath her cloak; she bowed her head respectfully before departing from the meeting area.

The young Arab woman was utterly unaware that after she had left earshot, the officer and his assistant were assassinated by the Austrian agents. The weapon was recovered, and Honoria had been informed of the woman's betrayal.

As such, when Nazeeha finally returned to the vessel after spending her newfound wealth on frivolities, she found Honoria and the Crew gathered before her, armed and ready to restrain her.

Nazeeha knew not what she had done to invoke their ire, but she knew she was in trouble; however, before she could escape, one of the girls hit her on the back of the head with the stock of her firearm, knocking the lass out completely.

When she finally came to, she was tied up with steel wire rope and lined against the ship's edge. Nazeeha had no idea that her treachery had been revealed and attempted to plead with Honoria.

"Captian? What are you doing? Let me go; I have done nothing wrong!"

However, in response, Honoria simply sneered in disgust before retrieving the repeating flintlock that Nazeeha had sold to the Sultanate. The weapon had the same proof mark and the serial number of the musket she had handed over to the Sultanate, and after observing this, the Arab beauty's eyes widened in disbelief.

Seeing Nazeeha's expression, a sadistic grin curved itself upon Honoria's immaculate lips as she asked the question on her mind.

"Do you deny that you have sold the weapons afforded to you by the Austrian Crown to its enemies?"

After hearing this question, Nazeeha looked away; she knew there was nothing she could say to prove her innocence; evidently, the Agents of the Austrian Crown had found out about her betrayal, and they had the evidence to prove it.

As such, the woman accepted her fate, though she had no way of knowing just how cruel the punishment for her crimes was. With the evidence presented before the crew and a lack of denial for the crimes, Honoria declared Nazeeha's guilt for all of the crew to witness.

"Nazeeha el-Fahmy, for supplying the rivals of the Austrian Crown with the advanced weapons his Majesty's generosity has afforded us, you have not only betrayed this crew but endangered the lives of every one of your sisters who you have fought beside. For the crime of treason and mutiny, there is only one punishment. I sentence you to be keelhauled! May God have mercy on your soul!"

With this decree uttered, the steel wire rope bindings were looped beneath the vessel before Nazeeha was tossed into the Meditteranean; as the ship sailed through the sea, Nazeeha was slowly dragged along the keel of the vessel. Multiple lacerations accumulated on her back as she was violently forced across the sharp steel-plated keel; whether the woman bled out in the water or drowned was uncertain.

However, what was undeniable was that Nazeeha had died a miserable death for her actions against the crew, and more importantly, the Crown of Austria. If Berengar's agents were not already in Benghazi spying on the Sultanate for the Byzantine Empire; then, the likelihood of Berengar's rivals reversing engineering such advanced weaponry within the next ten years was high.

Luckily for Austria, their intelligence network had spread across the Mediterranean and was able to intercept such valuable technology before it fell into the wrong hands. With the increase in trade to the regions of the Mediterranean, Berengar was able to easily infiltrate the societies that shared the sea, to what degree depended entirely on the area his Agents had entered.

With this in mind, Honoria sighed heavily as she returned to her Captain's quarters with a bottle of whiskey in her hands. It was never easy to punish someone you thought of us as a friend after they had betrayed you.? As such, the runaway princess began to sulk alone in her room; as she drank from the whiskey bottle, she expressed the thoughts on her mind.

"Berengar, I miss you... When will you return home?"

Honoria was utterly unaware that Elfrun had been listening to her complaints from the other side of her door, with an ugly expression on her otherwise cute face. The fact that Honoria thought of Berengar in such times greatly annoyed the adolescent girl. As such, she refused to stand by and listen to Honoria's words; instead, she departed from the corridor in silence. Nobody ever was aware that she had been eavesdropping on the Captain.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 314: Formation of the National Militia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Berengar was off at war, Chancellor Otto von Graz was running the state in his absence. While there were a few garrisons located throughout the Kingdom, the fear of invasion from foreign powers had begun to infect the minds of a small portion of the populace.

In response to this, Count Otto devised an idea and presented it before the Reichstag. This idea was loosely based upon some of the drunken ramblings Otto had engaged with between himself and King Berengar in the days before the war.

Otto was an efficient statesman who was entirely capable of being inspired by Berengar's half-brained intoxicated ideas and turning them into a practical reality. At this moment, the Chancellor of Austria was standing within the Reichstag, speaking his mind to the congressman who was gathered within.

As a representative of the people, Gunther was among the crowd of men elected by people of all social standings to represent the people's interests. As such, he was privy to the ideas presented by the Chancellor as he spoke with passion.

"Months ago, I discussed with King Berengar, about a matter of critical importance to the safety and security of the Kingdom of Austria. We spoke about the possibility to form a National Guard. A registered and well-regulated group of civilians who undergo military training on weekends, and act as an extension of the pre-existing Armed Forces.

The purpose of this National Guard is to ensure that the Austrian people are sufficiently armed and trained to defend their life and property in the event that foreigners were to invade our country. Today, I have given every one of you a copy of my proposed plan for the Austrian National Guard.

All able-bodied men between the ages of sixteen to twenty will be required to undergo weekly training based upon military standards, including physical fitness, firearms training, and tactics.? Of course, these men will be appropriately compensated for the time spent training in the militia.

W this said, I will leave this proposed bill for all of you to look over and discuss, however now more than ever, I think it is pertinent that we make sure that Austria is well protected from all internal and external threats."

With these words spoken, the Chancellor left the podium and returned to his chateau in Kufstein, where he began to relax until an agreement could be made between the legislature and himself. He had nothing to do while the Reichstag debated among themselves, and as such he enjoyed a nice cup of coffee.

While Otto was enjoying his free time with leisure, Gunther was in the middle of looking over the proposal. It was by no means a poor idea, and he knew that Austria had the capability to supply the militia with the weapons necessary for their objectives. As such, he was in favor of the idea of establishing a National Militia.

After all, the garrisons spread throughout Austria were not enough to protect the fields and the village folk from a potential invasion. With this in mind, he looked over at the other representatives in a fierce debate with one another.

Many of them had sons that were within the age group listed and feared their children being forced to take up arms to defend the Nation should it come under attack. Gunther decided he would do his best to convince the Reichstag to agree to Chancellor Otto's terms.

The man shivered in anxiety as he approached the podium and tried to gain the attention of the arguing representatives.

"Excuse me..."

However, his actions went completely unnoticed; as such, he decided to steal his resolve and speak with some force behind his tone.

"Quiet down!"

When Gunther shouted these words at the top of his lungs, everyone finally noticed that someone was standing at the podium and was intrigued as such; Gunther cleared his throat before speaking in an authoritative voice.

"Some of you may not be aware of who I am, but my name is Gunther; I am a representative selected by the people of Kufstein to represent their interests. I know many of those among you come from noble upbringing, but allow me to tell you who I am.

Until four years ago, I was a common serf; I tended to the fields in the name of my masters, the von Kufstein family. When I first met King Berengar, he was a frail, sickly youth, but he had a dream. A dream of a self-sustaining Kufstein where the people were appropriately compensated for their labor.

It is a dream that any man, regardless of their upbringing, could achieve in life whatever they desired based upon their merit! At first, I thought he was just an idealistic youth, but I have seen the town I grew up in transform into a marvelous city over these last four years.

Berengar von Kufstein conquered Tyrol after Count Lothar betrayed Duke Wilmar through the hard work of better men than me. To my surprise, the man who once toiled a field beside me was now the Count of Tyrol, and with it, he brought the same innovations that had led his Barony to Prosperity to the entirety of the County.

Yet that was not enough; as the Bavarians invaded, Berengar led the men of Tyrol to retake Austria as a whole. Unfortunately, the Duke and his line had passed away in its entirety shortly after, and Berengar was named the new Duke.

We have had a stable peace throughout these past two years, allowing us to grow in wealth and prosperity. King Berengar has done the unthinkable; he has created a world where a lowly farmer like myself can own my land and operate it entirely with my family. The wealth I have gained from this has allowed me to buy more land and expand upon that.

I now have a factory under construction that will be producing paper from the products I grow. Four years ago, I could never imagine such a fate, but this is the reality we all see. Without Berengar, and the brave men who have laid down their lives to pave the way for this future, I would not be where I am today; I likely would have starved to death alongside my family in a particularly harsh winter.

So, I think it is the duty of all men, capable of bearing arms, to at the very least provide a last line of defense for our Homeland. While our soldiers are away at war securing our independence, the responsibility to protect our homes, our family's, our businesses, and most importantly, our Nation should fall to every able-bodied man in Austria!

I, for one, support the move for a National Guard, and I hope that every one of you will reflect upon what you have gained from the sacrifice of young men who have fought and died to achieve what we have all gained under Berengar's leadership. That is all I have to say..."

With this impassioned speech, Gunther stepped down from the podium and returned to his seat; as he did so, he heard a slow clap, which began to spread; before long, the entire room was filled with applause. After he did so, the House Leader stood up at the podium and began to cast a vote.

"All in favor of the establishment of a National Militia as proposed by Chancellor Otto von Graz?"

After Gunther's speech, those who had reservations about the bill were silenced and even showed their support for the idea. The decision was ultimately unanimous, and after the Reichstag passed it, it would be sent to the Senate, where they would vote upon it. It was only after it was approved in the Senate that it would be sent to the Chancellor's office, wherein Berengar's absence, he had the authority to sign it into law.

The Militia Act of 1421 would become the first significant piece of legislation passed entirely by the fledgling Semi-Constitutional government that Berengar had established. While he was away at war, the capable hands he had left Austria's governance to begin the progress of creating a society where martial training at a young age would one day be considered the norm.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 315: The Princess of Granada
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While the war for Austria's Independence was ongoing within the Kingdom of Italy and the Swiss Confederation, another battle was beginning to intensify as the Granadans fought against the Iberian Union. Due to Austrian military aid, the Granadan forces had multiplied and were relatively well trained, at least compared to their enemies.

While Hasan's soldiers were engaged in a bloody conflict at his borders defending the last vestige of Al-Andalus. He was busy entertaining himself with women and wine.

At the moment, Hasan was back at his palace in Granada. Unlike Berengar, he had no desire to lead from the front lines; the few battles he waged were enough to last him a lifetime. Instead, he left the war effort to his commanders with the aid of the Austrian military advisors.

The young Sultan enjoyed himself on a sofa while his wives attended to his needs, feeding him a bowl of grapes while he sipped on his fortified wine. During Hasan's purge, Berengar's guards had killed one of his wives who attempted to take his life, and he had eliminated another who was loyal to the fundamentalist faction.

As such, the young sultan currently had no more than two wives. Despite this, he was looking to expand his harem.? However, he would not accept just any woman, he wanted a harem of beautiful young women to take care of his needs as Berengar had obtained.

While basking in hedonism, a gorgeous young woman approached the young Sultan.? This woman was quite tall and had an exceptionally curvy figure, one could say her measurements hit the perfect ratio, and her bust was even more significant than Linde's. Her tan skin glistened with sweat from the heat of the arid climate that surrounded the city of Granada.

This woman was dressed in a traditional silk kaftan style dress dyed purple and had golden embroidery on it; she wore a matching face veil made of sheer silk, giving it a semi-translucent appearance.

Her dark hair was tied up into a ponytail, and her glistening amber eyes were enough to intoxicate any man who gazed upon the vivid gemstones that were her irises.

This woman was not one of Hasan's wives. Instead, it was his older sister Yasmin; when she saw her little brother lazing about with his wives, instead of leading his armies, she crossed her arms beneath her heavy bosom and began to chastise the young Sultan as if he were a mere child.

"My my, What do I see here? If it isn't my sweet little brother, here you are lazing about in Granada while you send your soldiers to die on the frontlines against our enemies. If I didn't know any better, I would say that you are afraid of battle..."

When the princess said this, the wives of the Sultan glared at her viciously; they were aware of the way she pampered her little brother and were also jealous of her natural beauty. Despite their skimpy attire resembling that of a belly dancer, they still could not captivate a man's interest while Yasmin was in the room. Sensing their hostility, Yasmin smiled cruelly beneath her veil before shooing the pesky vixens away.

"If you don't mind, I have some proper business to discuss with my little brother..."

Though Hasan's wives continued to glare at her, Hasan ultimately sighed before dismissing his women.

"Go! As Yasmin has said, we have a business to discuss."

With this said, the two wives begrudgingly left the room; It was only after Yasmin made sure the two women were out of earshot, that she further began to condemn Hasan's actions.

"Honestly, little brother, I know there are no women at the front lines, but as Sultan, it is your job to inspire your troops on the field of battle, even if you do not directly participate! I can hardly think of a Monarch who actually stands toe to toe with his soldiers on the frontlines.

If word gets out that you retreated from the war effort so that you could bask in the arms of your wives, what will your soldiers think of you? Would they consider you a Sultan worth dying for?"

As Hasan heard these harsh words, his expression sank; after doing so, he stretched out his body on the couch and yawned in exhaustion.

"I'm just not fit for warfare; I nearly died in the last battle I fought, I almost had my head taken off by one of my cannons! I've decided to leave war to the men best suited for it. Besides, with the Austrian's support, there's no way we can lose this war!"

Seeing Hasan's relaxed composure, Yasmin sighed before sitting down next to him, stroking his dark hair, which matched her own as she pampered the young Sultan like he were a mere child. As she did so, she offered words of wisdom.

"I only criticize you because I care about you. You rely on your allies too much and not enough on your own power. What if the Austrians have ill intentions towards our Emirate? After all, they are Christian, and though they may be Reformists, that does not mean the centuries of hatred between our people can be eroded so easily..."

Despite her warning, Hasan did not seem concerned. Instead, he shifted his attention and gazed into his sister's gorgeous amber eyes with a look of affection on his face.

"That won't happen, I know that Berengar intends to use us as a means to stall the Catholic Church, but we need him if we wish to survive this turbulent era. So I have decided, the next time I see him, I will do my best to convince him to take your hand in marriage and cement this fragile alliance of ours for the foreseeable future."

The moment Yasmin heard her brother's plans for her, she withdrew her hand and in shock and looked the other way as she struggled to come up with the words to convince him otherwise.

"Hasan..."

However, before she could finish those words, Hasan raised his hand to silence her before speaking over her thoughts.

"Yas, you just turned twenty-six in June; you are well past the age of marriage; if you do not get married soon, you will never have a husband or a family. The only reason you aren't married already is because our father doted on you too much and was never able to find a man he approved of for his precious little daughter."

The Granadan princess continued to stare away as she lightly murmured the words.

"What... what if he says no?"

In response to this, Hasan grabbed ahold of Yasmin's veiled face and dragged it over into his sightline as he responded with a severe expression.

"I will not allow him to say no; he's already discussed the desire to have multiple wives, and if he doesn't respect our alliance enough to take my beautiful sister as his bride, then he can consider it over.

Obviously, I won't pressure him so seriously at first. The next time I see him, I will float the idea and judge his general reaction. Then I'll continue to pester him until he says yes."

Yasmin began to sigh heavily upon hearing this before shaking her head, which was still grasped by Hasan's firm hand.

"Dearest brother, you have actually thought something through for once in your life..."

Hasan feigned offense as he pulled his hand back and began to criticize his elder sister's choice of words.

"What do you mean for once in my life? I think things through all the time!"

With that said, Yasmin began to giggle before she grabbed ahold f Hasan's head and stuffed it into her bosom while stroking his hair while speaking to him in a condescending tone.

"Of course you do!"

being treated like a child once more, Hasan began to pout. No matter how old he grew, his sister would continue to treat him in such a manner. Thus he sighed heavily as he enjoyed the embrace. After a while, Yasmin released him before approaching the exit.

As she did so, the gorgeous princess called out to her little brother once more with a stern gaze hidden beneath her veil.

"You would do well to remember that you are the Sultan of Granada and that your soldiers need you..."

With those words spoken, the beautiful Granadan Princess departed from the room, leaving the young Sultan to himself as he grinned with a smug expression on his face. Afterward, he picked up the bottle of wine that he had obtained from trade with Austria and began to pour its contents into a crystal glass, where he swirled the red liquid around before taking a sip from it.

After doing so, he exhaled deeply before he thought aloud.

"I wonder how Berengar will react when he sees my beautiful sister for the first time..."

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 316: Battle of the Andalusian Plains
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Since the victory and seizure of the province known as Murcia, the Granadans have been busy defending their borders from the Iberian Union's attacks. They were not as well prepared for a full-scale invasion of Iberia as they thought they were.

The first few battles they fought showed a severe lack of discipline in their ranks compared to Berengar's troops. The reason for this was simple, the Austrian military attache had not drilled the Granadans as hard as they would their own troops, nor did they put them through specialized training.

As such, after Hasan had returned to Granada to engage in hedonistic activity, the Royal Granadan Army was left in the hands of General Ziyad Ibn Ya'is, who was far more competent on military matters than the young Sultan.

This General was a middle-aged man and was currently engaged in a conversation with General Arnulf of the Royal Austrian Army. It had been roughly a year since he last saw his home in Kufstein, and despite this, he was not weary in the slightest.

At the moment, the two Generals were conversing with each other as they rode their horses next to each other in the middle of the formation, under the protection of thousands of Granadan troops.

"So Hasan abandons his army so that he can go engorge himself in women and wine? Leaving us to look after his army, that has got to sting a little, does it not? My dear friend."

In response to this, General Ziyad merely laughed before responding to Arnulf's jest.

"Certainly not; I am actually glad that the Sultan has left the war effort in my hands. Don't get me wrong, he is a decent administrator, but a wet blanket would make a better commander in terms of strategy and warfare.

The Sultan is liable to get himself killed out here; it is better for him to be the face of the recruitment efforts back home than to be the man leading the charge."

Before Arnulf could respond to this statement, he noticed a rider in the distance; this man wore the standard mirror pattern and mail armor that most of the Granadan troops were equipped with. As such, he was allowed to pass into the army, where he immediately strode up to the command.

"Permission to speak, sir!"

Judging by the frantic expression on the soldier's face, Ziyad knew the news must be urgent; as such, he nodded his head in silence, bracing himself for the information he suspected would ruin his mood.

"There's an enemy army numbering roughly 20,000 heading in this direction. They are approximately ten miles out!"

As soon as he heard this, Ziyad began to give his orders to the troops in his army.

"Get in formation, and prepare for battle. Load your weapons; I do not want you firing your weapons until you see the whites in their eyes!"

This phrase was how the Austrians had drilled the Granadan troops to utilize their primitive arkebuse firearms in the most efficient manner. Whether or not they were capable of maintaining such a high degree of discipline was another story entirely.

As such, the Granadan troops, whether they were infantry, artillery, or cavalry quickly began to load their weapons with the means available to them; after doing so, they began to form ranks and wait for the enemy to arrive.

After a few hours, the enemy forces arrived, and when they did, they were shocked to see the Granadan Army waiting for them. The Iberian Army was comprised mostly of the Crusader Order known as the Order of Calatrava, but there were also a few Iberian Union units among their ranks from Castille.

These soldiers had become increasingly aware of the advantages and limitations of the Granadan weapons. As such, they instantly began to charge the arkebusiers suicidally, hoping to clash with them before they could reload their guns.

While the Iberian troops began to recklessly charge at the Granadan forces, the Granadan artillery began to fire their grapeshot at the enemy lines via their Falconet cannons. Numerous projectiles filled the air and blasted into the enemy ranks causing massive casualties on the Iberian forces.

Whether it was faith in God or fearlessness in death, the Iberians were not deterred. Instead, they madly charged into the line of fire without any regard for their safety. When Arnulf saw this, he became quite concerned, the Iberians vastly outnumbered the Granadan troops, and the Granadan weapons required a far longer duration of time to reload than the weapons of the Royal Austrian Army.

As the enemy line began closing in, several Grenadan arkebusiers started to fire their weapons in trepidation, which caused a chain reaction from the soldiers as others instantly opened fire despite not hearing an order to do so.

Though some of these shots found their marks, piercing through the enemy's armor and into their flesh, most of them utterly failed to do so. This action forced Ziyad to shout his orders at his troops which were relayed across the army by the other officers and NCOs.

"Hold your fire! Hold your fucking fire!"

Despite these orders, more rounds fired off until a point where roughly half of the soldiers still had loaded weapons, forcing them into a dangerous position. While the other half began reloading their guns as fast as they could, the Iberian troops had finally reached the front lines of the army.

In doing so, they rushed straight into a volley unleashed by the half of the soldiers who had contained their shot. While this volley was effective in devastating the enemy lines, it did not have nearly as significant an effect as possible.

As such, the Pikemen took their place and began to battle with the enemy. However, as the battle waged on the Granadan army started to suffer losses. There were too many Iberians for their army to handle effectively.

It would be another story if the soldiers had maintained the proper discipline and fired when they were commanded. However, the reality was a different story, and roughly 5,000 arkebusiers had missed their targets during the initial chaos of the battle. Before long, the pikemen could no longer contain the Iberian infantry, and they began to break ranks, and flee the battlefield.

Cutting down the Moorish soldiers with fantical hatred, the Catholic forces began screaming in their native tongue a series of battle cries that sent chills down the Granadan armies spines.

"Death to all Moors! God wills it!" "Granada must burn!"

Before long, the Granadan lines began to crumble, and the soldiers started to route. Though General Ziyad attempted to rally his forces behind him, the effort was in vain; Arnulf grabbed the man by the soldier and gazed into his dark eyes with a stern expression.

"The battle is lost; give the order to retreat, or we will die here!"

Ziyad clenched his teeth and fists in fury as he witnessed his army break ranks and flee the battlefield. However, there was nothing to do about it now; as such, he followed Arnulf's advice.

"Retreat! All units fall back!"

As the few remaining Granadan soldiers heard this, they slung their Arkebuses over their shoulders and began to retreat from the advancing army. On the other side of the battlefield, the Calatrava Commander was eager to pursue the enemy and give them no quarter. As he was just about to give the command to annihilate the enemy, he felt a firm hand grip the armor on his shoulder.

As such, the man turned around to see the true mastermind behind this attack; it was a Duke under the employ of the King of Castille; the man glared at the Crusader Commander before shaking his head.

"Let them go..."

When the Crusader heard these words, he was outraged and immediately protested.

"But your Grace! If we do not pursue them, they will regroup and become an even greater threat to our existence!"

However, the Duke remained unconvinced and simply gazed toward the direction that all of the Granadan soldiers were fleeing.

"If we pursue them, we may be walking into a trap. I would rather have them regroup and crush them again than march my men to a meaningless death. You should be thankful; without my advice, this victory would not have been possible..."

After saying this, the Duke released his grip over the Crusader and strode his horse forward, commanding all Iberian soldiers to stop.

"Halt! We shall go no further! Scavenge the enemy's weapons! We shall bring some of these back to Castille so that we may figure out how they function. As for the rest, arm yourselves with them, and become acquainted in their use. The Granadans no longer have an authority on advanced armaments!"

With these words said, the Catholic Iberian soldiers began to cheer. They had accomplished a great victory here on this day, and with it, acquired the means to reverse engineer the Arkebuse; perhaps such a thing would turn the tides of war in their favor. After all, the resurrection of Al Andalus was something the Catholics could not allow to take place.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 317: Arming Brigands
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Months had passed since Operation Thunder proved to be an initial success; the Hussites had advanced well into loyalist territory during this time. So much so that the Catholic armies were now on the backfoot.

As a result of this civil disobedience began to break out all over the realm, which quickly turned to riots. The result of this was a spike in crime; bands of brigands had begun to appear all over Bohemia, acting as a scourge upon the local populace.

While Eckhard was busy acting as the chief military advisor to the various Hussite sects, Agents of the Austrian Crown had begun to supply various brigand groups with the weapons they needed to cause even greater chaos.

The shipment of arms had come straight from Vienna and passed through Eckhard's area of operations; as such, he tasked one of the Field Agents embedded with his unit to take charge of the delivery. At the moment, this Agent was standing in front of the leader of one of the most fearsome Brigand gangs within the borders of Prague.

The Hussites would soon be marching on this territory; with this in mind, Eckhard devised a plan that involved the Brigands' armament, with the intent to distract the loyalist forces. The Agent dispatched to supply these criminals was currently standing in a forest outside of a village that lies within the boundaries of the city of Prague.

The man in front of the Agent went by the name Radovan Dohnal; he was a particularly rowdy individual who was a convicted criminal willing to use violence to achieve his goals. As such, he and his gang of brigands were ideal candidates to arm with hand cannons.

With this in mind, the Agent and his fellow operatives dressed like lowly Bohemian peasants entered into the back of their wagon before pulling out a few wooden crates. After using a crowbar to pry them open, the primitive hand cannons revealed themselves. The Agent, whose identity was shrouded by a hood, pulled the firearms out from the container and handed them over to Radovan and his men. As he did so, he spoke in a perfect Bohemian accent.

"These are the standard hand cannons that have been retrieved from defeated Hussites; you load the gun powder through the barrel, followed by the projectile, where you then pack it down with a stick. After doing so, you put a bit of powder in the pan, where you ignite it with a slow-burning match. "

As the Agent was saying this, he was demonstrating the use of the weapon. After reaching the end of the loading process that took roughly a minute, a loud echo resounded in the forest as the gun discharged its projectile, which embedded itself into a large tree approximately three meters away.

After successfully testing the weapon, the other agents went back into the wagon and pulled out several more crates filled with hand cannons, as well as a few casks; some were filled with gunpowder, others were filled with projectiles such as iron balls.

Having witnessed the destructive nature of the weapon, and the relatively simple loading process, a wide grin appeared on Radovan's face. The man was missing several of his teeth, which resulted from the number of bar fights he had been in during his lifetime. The man pulled out a pouch filled with coins minted by the local lord; he prepared to pay a hefty price.

"How much do I owe you?"

In response to this, the Agent merely shook his head before responding.

"Consider it a gift from the Bohemian Crown, just promise me that when the Hussite forces move onto Prague, you and your band of thieves will provide one hell of a distraction to those damned heretics..."

Radovan chuckled slightly as he heard this before reaching out his hand in agreement.

"Aye, it will be one hell of an occasion!"

After saying this, the Agent and the brigand captain shook hands. The deal was sealed with this, and the Austrian agents departed from the town; this was just one of the many gangs of criminals and thieves they intended to arm in the upcoming days.

As such, they departed from the borders of Prague and journeyed to the next town on their list of objectives. After the Austrians had left, one of the members of Radovan's gang approached him with a worried expression on his face as he asked the question on his mind.

"Are we really going to aid the Crown? We are all wanted men! Who is to say if they use this as an excuse to round us all up and execute us?"

In response to this, Radovan spat on the ground before handing the hand cannon over to the minion who asked such a stupid question.

"I promised them I would simply make a distraction against the Hussites; I don't plan to do anything more than that. With these weapons, we will intimidate merchants and townsfolk into giving us whatever we want! I say that's a reasonable price to pay for such destructive power."

After hearing this, the brigands who followed Radovan felt a sense of ease, they did not desire to see the Hussites win the war, but they also did not wish for this chaotic era to end so soon. There was profit to be made for cutthroats like themselves during times of war, and the best way to do so was to rob towns, caravans, and refugees. Luckily for them, the Austrians had provided them the means to do so more effectively.

Unfortunately for them, they were utterly unaware that agents of the Austrian Crown had supplied them. Instead, they believed it was Bohemia who had given them the weapons. Thus when Bohemia's armies finally captured them, they would be completely and utterly confused as to why they were being executed for acting on behalf of the Bohemian Crown.

Meanwhile, in the supply wagon that had begun to depart, another agent pulled down her hood to reveal her pretty face; as she did so, she began to question her team leader for the actions they had taken on this day.

"Why are we providing these weapons to a bunch of thieves and murderers? Has the Marshal gone mad? Such actions will surely cause significant harm to the Bohemian people!"

When the lead field agent heard these questions, he merely snorted in response; there was silence for some time before he revealed his thoughts on the matter.

"It is no secret that our hand cannons have begun to find their ways into the hands of the Bohemian Crown's forces and that of their crusader allies. After all, they have been captured in battle from the corpses of the fallen Hussite soldiers.

I don't speak for Marshal Eckhard, but he is likely thinking that by leaking these weapons to criminals, such actions can be blamed on the corruption of the Bohemian Crown, which is why we introduced ourselves as their agents. This can be used in propaganda efforts to rally the people against Bohemia and her allies.

Such a result would be disastrous; people have already begun to riot in response to the food shortages and the excessive demands of the loyalist factions. When the people hear that corrupt agents of the Crown have distributed weapons to brigands for pay, they will take up whatever means they can to outright resist Bohemia and her allies.

When this occurs it will split our enemy's attention from our allies' attacks and force them to fight a two-war front against the Hussites and the Bohemian populace. By the time the war comes to an end, the Bohemian people will welcome Berengar's troops as a means to provide stability to their lives."

Upon hearing this, the female Agent began to pout; Marshal Eckhard was willing to cause such harm to the people of Bohemia in order to inspire greater chaos within the realm than was already present; it was simply madness in her eyes.

However, she was an agent of the Bohemian Crown, lifted from the status of a lowly orphan to serve the state, thus despite her reservations, she would fulfill her duty to the fullest of her ability. After all, without Berengar, and his reforms, she likely would have died long ago.

She owed her life to the Austrian Crown and would never even think of disobeying Marshal Eckhard because she found his actions immoral. Austria was at war and surrounded by enemies; they did not have the luxury to fight a war in a fair and just manner.

The actions of the Austrian agents within Bohemia would ignite a fire in the heart of the Bohemian populace against their King and his allies. Before long resistance from groups of all different ideologies would spread across the realm, causing an even greater degree of conflict than already seen. This would create the perfect storm for Berengar to usurp power when he finally managed to secure his victory over the Empire.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 318: East-West Schism
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Deep within the center of Constantinople, the Byzantine Emperor sat on his throne with a downcast expression. The man was on the verge of tears, but he could not allow himself to be seen crying as Emperor. As such, he steeled his resolve and continued to read the letter in his hands written by his son Decentius.

Arethas was dead, according to his second son; the man had died in combat against the Mamluke forces early on in the campaign. Since then, Decentius had been leading the Byzantine troops to victory in North Africa.

The news of the death of a man who was more of a brother to Emperor Vetranis than his siblings was a great shock to the man. With the Strategos' death, many things became uncertain. Especially in regards to their relations to the West.

News had spread to Constantinople about Austria's war for independence, which appeared to favor the self-proclaimed King Berengar von Kufstein. The Byzantines had not taken a stance on the conflict. Instead, they stayed utterly neutral.

After all, Berengar was the largest supplier of arms and armor to the Byzantine Empire. Though they had begun to have success in replicating the Arkebuse, most of their weapons still came from Austria. Meanwhile, relations with the Holy Roman Empire were tenable at best.

This was not the only reason for staying neutral in Austria's war for Independence.? There was a matter of significant debt that the Byzantine Crown had towards Austria due to the agreement made about unlimited arms support.

Arethas was the mastermind of all dealings with the upstart King in the West.? Without him, it would be challenging to maintain the friendly relationship that the Byzantines had with their debtor. If he sent the wrong diplomat to negotiate further, it could spell ruin to the Empire's finances.

Losing his closest aid and confidant, who was the godfather to his children, was one thing. Yet, the ramifications such an occurrence had was enough to cripple the Emperor with anxiety. On top of this, such a tragedy occurred shortly after his daughter's disappearance and presumed death.

The only good news that Vetranis had heard within the last year or so was that his son had salvaged the situation and had rapidly begun to reconquer Egypt and Lybia. Before long, the entirety of those two regions would fall into the Byzantine Empire's hands, and they would be able to repay the massive debt that had accumulated with Austria.

With this in mind, the aging Byzantine Emperor sighed heavily; now that his alliance with France had crumbled, his next best option was an Independent Austria; if Arethas was still around, Vetranis was sure the man would advise him to establish friendly ties to the young King.

If only Honoria was still alive, Emperor Vetranis might consider betrothing her to the upstart King from Austria to cement an alliance between their two realms. Of course, that was assuming Berengar was willing to break his betrothal to his cousin. Honoria was an Imperial Princess, and he would not tolerate her being a concubine.

Austria had proven itself a military and economic power like no other, even now the staple currency of international trade had begun to shift to the Austrian Thaler, so much so that some Merchants who visited the Empire had started to accept the Austrian currency as the sole means of coinage for their products.

If the Austrians were indeed to become independent and annex the Swiss Confederation as they have proclaimed, the future was bright for the fledgling Kingdom; as such, the Emperor was at a crossroads.

For some time now, there had been significant pressure from the Vatican on the Orthodox Church to support them in their efforts to combat Berengar's alleged heresy. To the point that the Patriarch had been visiting Vetranis daily, insisting on cutting off trade with the self-proclaimed Kingdom to the West.

As Vetranis was thinking of such matters, the Patriarch of Constantinople appeared before him in his great hall. When Vetranis saw this, he sighed heavily before speaking his thoughts allowed.

"Speak of the devil, and he shall appear. Tell me, Petrus, just what have you come to ask of me this time? If it is about cutting ties with Austria, my answer remains the same."

When Petrus heard this response, he frowned; the relations between the Vatican and Constantinople were beginning to deteriorate rapidly; the more the Emperor stalled on giving him a reply, the worse the situation became. If he did not provide the Vatican with what they wanted soon, a full-scale schism was bound to occur over the issue of the Berengar Heresy.

With this in mind, the old Patriarch of Constantinople began to address the Emperor in a dignified fashion.

"Your majesty, a representative of the Vatican, has arrived, and given us a request if we do not publically denounce Duke Berengar von Kufstein and his heresy, as well as provide monetary aid to the Vatican for their upcoming crusade against him, then the results will be an outright schism.

The Vatican will denounce your majesty and me as Heretics and condemn us to Hell for eternity; we will be forced to do the same in response. There will be no mending this bridge. You must choose a path as Emperor of the Romans! Do we stand with the Vatican as we have for centuries, or do we embrace the German Reformation as a legitimate branch of Christianity?"

In response to this, Vetranis tapped his armrest repeatedly as he thought about how best to handle this situation that had presented itself. Ultimately, he could not afford to denounce Berengar; the man held too much debt against him.

With his licensing of privateers, Austria could easily cripple the trade of the Empire if they reneged on that deal. Just like they had done to the Holy Roman Empire, the might of the Austrian Navy was not to be underestimated.

Though the combined might of the catholic world might be enough to bring down Berengar's Grand Army, it would be years before they could fully mobilize their forces, and by then, Berengar's army may have grown triple in size, it would be capable of holding its own.

After careful consideration, Vetranis stood up from his golden throne before responding with a firm tone.

"Inform Pope Lucius that the Empire stands with King Berengar and the Kingdom of Austria. Tell that fool that under the declaration of the Emperor of Byzantium and the Patriarch of Constantinople, the German Reformation is at this moment considered a legitimate branch of Christianity!"

When Petrus heard this, he sighed heavily as he rubbed his temples in an attempt to cure his growing headache. While he knew that Austria's wealth and power were multiplying at a rapid rate, openly supporting them, and their so-called German Reformation would undoubtedly mean war with the western world. Such a thing could prove disastrous. Nevertheless, he was willing to follow Emperor Vetranis's decision on the matter and, as such, bowed before the Emperor respectfully.

"Yes, your majesty, I will relay your words to the Vatican. Hopefully, they won't react too harshly to our decision, but I fear this will create a rift between us that will never be mended."

In response to this, Vetranis simply sat down upon his throne once more and rested his face in his hands; as he did so, he made one more comment about how he perceived the future.

"With the rise of the German Reformation and others like it throughout Europe, the days of Papal dominance have come to an end. They are too foolish to realize that their crusade will be the end of Catholic authority as we know it. I do not care for Berengar or his religious beliefs; I am merely choosing the winning side..."

With that said, the Patriarch of Constantinople was dismissed, and Vetranis was left by his lonesome once more as he began to sulk in depression over the loss of his comrade.

"Oh, Arethas... Surely if you were still alive, you would council me on such a course of action, would you not?"

With Arethas gone, the Emperor's confidence in ruling his Empire effectively had crumbled; without the support of the mighty Strategos and his charisma, Vetranis would begin to second guess his every decision.

With the choices made by the Byzantine Emperor, and his subservient Patriarch on this day, the East-West schism had finally occurred. The year 1421 AD in this world, would forever mark the divide between the Roman Catholic Church and Eastern Orthodox Churches.

The reasons surrounding this schism were entirely the result of Berengar's effects on the timeline; had he never risen to power, and challenged Papal authority, the likelihood of such a divide occurring would be slim. Thus proving once more that Berengar's existence in this world had forever changed its course of destiny.

What effect this schism would have on Byzantine growth and prosperity had yet to be seen. However, one thing was sure. Such actions were bound to breed conflict between the Rus and their neighbors in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Even Berengar could not predict the rapid changes that would occur in Eastern Europe because of his actions.

---

If you want to support me so that I can commission art of the characters in my novel, as well as maps, coat of arms, and other important illustrations, please visit my Patreon page at

https://www.patreon.com/user?u=7947078

All of the art will be released within my discord server for free.

.gg/nMWVhMaukT