

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey, Mike! Move faster! The awakening ceremony would start in few minutes." On the edge of the road, a youth shouted. His face was tanned, with big eyes that held the brown pupils. His brown hair was short and messy, wearing a red hoody and blue jeans. His body was slender and had a height of six feet.

Although his height was long, he was only sixteen this year. His name was Lucas Green.

He was looking at the youth on another side of the road. This youth was rather handsome and had a toned body. He was wearing a black long coat outside the black t-shirt and formal pants. His eyes were normal, with normal black pupils and normal-shaped eyebrows.

With short black hair combed properly, he looked like a perfect gentleman. He was eighteen, but he was a little shorter than Lucas. He and Lucas were best friends from elementary school. Thinking of this, Mike remembered it had been eighteen years. 'I didn't expect to come to such a world.'

Yes, Mike was reincarnated from the modern 21st-century earth. He was a college student that died on earth and mysteriously reincarnated here. But the reason for his death was the most embarrassing, so embarrassing that he didn't even want to remember.

On earth, he was a vigorous, healthy, intelligent youth, but he died because of sex. Yes, on the day of his first sex, he got a sudden heart attack during his ejaculation. He didn't understand why he got a heart attack at that exact moment, but he never dares to engage in sex after he reincarnated on this earth.

But slowly forgetting these memories, he crossed the road. This world was similar yet very different from the earth. It was earth indeed, but here, people have superpowers. These superpowers mainly come from their innate abilities.

Innate Ability is a talent that a sixteen-year-old youth awakens during their awakening ceremony. It's 2153 now, and it has been 200 years since the earth was contaminated with dark energy.

This earth was very scientific, to the point where they had already invented warp-space drive technology in the 1700s. And it also had a very distinguished government system. There were seven continents, including Antarctica, and each continent had 36 states.

The size of the state depends upon the size of the continent. And coincidentally, the name of the continents didn't change. A continent like Europe had to separate thirty-six states with thirty-six different governments, but the size of each state was petite compared to the states of Asia.

And each continent has one big empire that comprises certain developed states. Empire is the ruling force of the continent, and the emperor naturally rules it. Although the emperor ruled it, its ruling system was democratic, and so, the emperor was chosen by the citizens based on power and reputation.

Mike lives in the Asia continent, which was also the same continent he lived in his previous life. But Asia didn't have different languages. All continents and states spoke only one language, making a translator job valueless because there were no other languages to translate.

He lives in the Ethen state of Asia continent. It was a big state with an area of 2 million square miles. It was also one of the states that come directly under the boundaries of the Asian Empire. When humanity explored space in the 1800s, they accidentally struck their missiles on the neutron star that was a lot closer to earth during space mining.

Their missile was powerful, hence destroyed the neutron star. When the neutron star exploded, it released a powerful burst of energy that engulfed nearby planets and other celestial bodies.

Although this explosion didn't reach earth, it sent one powerful burst of dark energy collided with earth. At the same time, due to the different types of energies that burst out of neutron stars that merged with dark energy, the earth was completely mutated, and Innate Abilities began to appear.

Although many changed after the appearance of the Innate Ability, no one knew the earth would soon take another turnover.

Soon, the earth was greeted with large battleships of a race known as Alkiwon. Alkiwon possesses a humanoid shape, but they had different and unique features that distinguished them from humans. Such features were dark scales, dark wings, and horns.

Thus, the grand war between humans and Alkiwon took place. Both races suffered, and the human population decreased to three billion on the earth, 1 billion on mars, and fifty million on the moon. After that, humans began to develop everything with the help of Innate Abilities, including technologies.

One of the greatest technology was the VR game known as 'Ascending to Godhood.' This game was only available for an awakened person. He doesn't know much about it, but he heard this game allows people to grow their strength faster.

But all of this was related to one thing, awakening. Though not every person is awakened, seventy-five percent of people are awakened within the nine billion population. While crossing the road, his expectation of awakening the innate ability grew wildly but a certain fear engulfed him.

"So which innate ability did you expect to awaken?" When he walked side by side with Lucas, he was asked.

Hearing his question, Mike got a weird gaze in his eyes, looking at Lucas as if he was an idiot. He slammed his palm on Lucas's head and said, "Did you get your head broken after the fight with Brian?"

"Hey, I'm okay. Just because I asked you a nonsense question doesn't mean I became dumb. And, don't speak that bastard's name in front of me!" Lucas slapped Mike's hand and yelled. He pouted with an angry expression and looked at another side after yelling at Mike.

"Alright, alright, no one is calling you dumb. But that was a dumb question to ask. It is almost impossible to guess which ability you can awaken. Unless it is acquired ability." Mike shook his head and rubbed his slapped hand while explaining.

Innate Abilities are like god's gift to the people. Though no one has found the complete composition for creating an innate ability, it is possible to pass someone's innate ability to another person's. Normally, this is done in a big family with a hierarchy system.

This made Innate Ability divided into two parts; Natural Innate Ability and Acquired Innate Ability. Any ability can be the Innate Ability as long as they have the power to grow. As growth is the most important factor of innate ability, and this is also the reason why Natural Innate abilities are more precious than Acquired Innate abilities.

Unless the acquired innate ability level is very high, it can never match natural innate ability in terms of growth. Innate Ability has been divided into seven ranks: F, E, D, C, B, A, and S. F-rank is the lowest while S-rank is the highest. This is generally differentiated by the color of the core of a person from inside his body.

F-rank core has white color, E-rank core has a yellow color, D-rank core has a red color, C-rank core has a blue color, B-rank core has a purple color, A-rank core has a black silver color, and finally S-rank core has a golden color.

The core is the mysterious space that holds the Ability's Energy. Ability Energy is the mixture of ability, stamina, strength, dark energy, and some other kinds of energy. Ability Energy differentiates based on ability. For easier to understand, Fire Ability has Fire Energy. This was his basic understanding of Ability Energy.

When a person forms a core and starts his new journey, people often call it the journey of cultivation. Cultivation is also called growth. A person's growth or cultivation is divided into five ranks; Soldier, General, Commander, King, and Emperor.

Each rank has thirteen stages. The cores represent soldier Rank's thirteen stages. When a person forms his first core, it is the first stage. Forming the second core will be the second stage, and likewise. But when a core is formed, it needs to be evolved nine times.

This means one needs to fill his core with ability energy nine times to go through nine evolutions. While walking down the street, Mike was thinking hard 'Once I awaken my ability, I must buy enlightenment stones with my savings. I can't ask my aunt for money. Once I get stronger, I must give her a good life.'

'This time I must awaken. I have saved some money, I must spend it.'

When Mike was on earth, he had family and everything a normal person would have. But after he arrives in this world, he found himself in the body of a just-born baby. He doesn't remember everything, but just after his birth, his parents abandoned him.

Naturally, Mike was small and couldn't ask, nor he wanted to ask. He lived a joyful life with his aunt, who took care of him. Fortunately, when they left, he was given two million dollars by the property registered in his name.

But until now, most of his money was spent. Since his aunt was still a college student when he was born, they need to depend upon his money. Of course, he doesn't blame his aunt; after all, people's hearts can be poisonous. He was lucky to have her as his caretaker because some people might receive his money and leave the house.

So, he knows he must work hard to give himself and his aunt a better life.

As for enlightenment stones, they are .....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Enlightenment Stones are the product of the Alkiwon race, blood and energy. These stones are condensed when an Alkiwon dies.

It has a major effect on granting enlightenment for a short period of time. Normally, since there are a lot of innate abilities, it is impossible to create every fighting style to pass on to their future generations.

And each family can have different kinds of innate abilities. So, these stones are used to create your fighting style and use it in the battle.

But it costs a lot. Just a single stone costs fifty thousand dollars, and so, academies are created especially for young people.

Academy can accumulate a lot of tasks, and students can complete those tasks for rewards. Naturally, basic rewards are enlightenment stones, hence after the age of sixteen, those who can awaken will do their best to join an academy.

"Hey, are you going to be okay?" Patting his shoulder, Lucas asked with an anxious expression. He was worried about Mike. After all, Mike had Dark Energy Resistance Body.

He might be the only one in the world with such a body. Normally, everyone has been mutated, but only a handful of people can awaken their innate ability when they turn sixteen, but they might awaken later; no one knows.

How? It is because of Spirit. Spirit is the manifestation of Will. If one doesn't have the Will to be an awakened person, there is nothing dark energy can do.

And due to the strict laws of the empires, normal people life is much easier than an awakened person because an awakened person has to risk their life while normal people don't.

As for Mike, he has the Will, but he wasn't mutated from the very start. This might be the reason why his parents abandoned him, but it was still confusing. After all, it was hard to believe someone will abandon their children just because they are normal.

But he has already faced reality twice. Once he reached sixteen, he had tried to awaken the Innate Ability but failed. Then again, he tried another year but still failed. He doesn't know whether this time he can succeed or not, but he was willing to give it a try.

Shaking his head, he accepted the fact he was very nervous and definitely not okay but still spoke, "Don't worry, it all depends upon my fate. There is nothing I can change. If fate wants me to be a normal person, then I shall accept my fate."

Although he said these words, deep down in his heart, he kept screaming, 'No way, there is no way I would accept such fate. I came to this world, a world full of excitement, so how could I live the life of an ordinary person? I must awaken the innate ability.'

Finally, both of them left towards their destination, which was a big arena. It took them ten minutes to reach there. After they reached, they saw a huge group of people around the arena.

They haven't even stepped in, but the number of people outside was no less than ten thousand.

After all, the awakening ceremony occurs once a year, at the same time, at the same place. But everyone was a youth like Lucas and Mike.

Parents or guardians of these teenagers are not allowed to come. So this place was full of teenagers, different clothing styles, different facial tones, and different body structures. There was no shortage of variety.

Of course, these were the children from the entire state. After moving in, they took out a card from their pocket.

This card was their entry card and also their turn number. After all, the number was large, and the line was long.

So this ceremony continues for four or five days, sometimes. Naturally, Arena was locked from outside, and one had to verify their card on the edge of the door to enter.

Not to mention inside, there was a long line outside the arena. Lucas and Mike had to stay in line for a whole hour, walking in only when their turn came.

After swiping their card on the edge of the door, they entered the arena. It had a short hallway until they reach in front of a big ground.

This ground was tiled and had a lot of coloring around the edges. There were thousands and thousands of teenagers roaming inside the arena.

There were few middle-aged people at the middle stage. There were seven-stage that had a big black stone in the middle, with a middle-aged man taking care of the ceremony.

"Jen" "Marry" "Michelle" "Partie"

Those middle-aged men were calling teenagers based on their turn by calling their names. Although Arena was full of people, it was very quiet.

"Yo, isn't it Mike? I thought you wouldn't come here." Suddenly, a dude walks over to Lucas and Mike with few other teenagers.

Although he gathered a few attentions, most of them didn't care about it.

"Of course, I would come. After all, this is such a grand occasion for every youth. You didn't expect me to be absent here." Although his tone was arrogant, Mike humbly replied without caring about his tone.

"Of course, I was surprised. After all, everyone knows you are trash with Dark Energy Resistance Body who couldn't awaken twice." The dude didn't care about his humble tone and spoke to him with contempt in his voice.

"Oh, are you calling me trash because I won' be able to awaken an innate ability twice?" Mike didn't care about his words, neither he cared about the disdain other teenagers showed him.

"Of course!" The dude directly answered without any hesitation.

"So, are you calling your mother trashier trash because she hasn't awakened all these years?" Knowing the background of the dude in front of him, Mike directly asked.

Hearing his question, the dude got startled for a moment but just when he was about to say anything. Mike continued, "So, are you calling your father trashier than trash because he hasn't awakened all these years?"

Hearing his words continued, the burning rage appeared in his eyes. He hoarsely shouted "Mike, you are courting death!"

But Mike didn't care about him. Calling him with his hand, he spoke with arrogance, "Come, come here! Hit me! I am standing right in front of you. Hit me if you can!"

But the dude couldn't move a step ahead. He knows Mike and knows how strong he is. It's not just about ability. Mike had a toned body and a lot of strength. So, he wasn't stupid enough to pick a fight.

"Mike, YOU BETTER PRAY I DON'T AWAKEN AN ABILITY!" Gritting his teeth, the dude spoke with great hatred in his eyes.

But Mike didn't care about him. He silently walked near him, put his hand on his left shoulder, and said, "Mac, you suck!"

"It would be better for you to pray that I won't awaken an ability."

Bearing the humility, Mac suddenly laughed. "You awaken? Don't make me laugh, without any mutation, it is impossible to awaken an ability. So, you better run after your test."

But instead of hearing him, Mike walked away while cleaning his ears with his finger. Mike knows there are not many chances for him to awaken an ability, but he was willing to give it a try. The ceremony continued.

More importantly, an awakened person is not allowed to attack the unawakened person. So, Mike wasn't worried.

Many peoples were awakening different kinds of abilities. Such a fire, ice, super strength, super speed, light, dark, different kinds of weapons, a lot of different and unique abilities. But surprisingly, no one awakened higher than C-Rank Core.

After a long time, a figure walked towards the stage. It was Mac. He walked onto the stage and put his hand on the stone. Suddenly, powerful energy burst into his body. This energy tingles around his body, moving through every cell and finally returning to his body after a certain time.

The black stone suddenly turned blue. When this turned blue, Mac's expression was filled with happiness. But soon, he controlled himself and suddenly checked his superpowers. An ability can be called a superpower after they are awakened.

Suddenly, a red fierce fire burns out of his hand. Looking at the fire, he glanced at Mike far away with malicious intent on his eyes. But soon, he took his gaze back and walked down. After few other teenagers, Lucas walked towards the stage.

Just like Mac, Lucas also got his body invaded by the mysterious energy. But when this energy returned to the black stone, the stone turned silver. At the same time, few sparks of lightning appeared around his body.

Even the examiner shouted with surprise, "A-Rank Core, Lightning Ability!"

"What? A-Rank? Really?"

"Oh my god! Another A-Rank!"

"Are the A-Rank cabbages? There was a girl awakening A-Rank core yesterday and now there is another."

Everyone shouted with disbelieve. Seeing the silver stone, they couldn't defy but also couldn't accept. After all, A-Rank core is very rare.

His shout attracted everyone's gaze. No one would've guessed there would be a candidate awakening an A-Rank Lightning Ability. The middle-aged man hurriedly took out a small badge from his pocket and threw it at Lucas, saying, "You are always welcomed to Sirus Academy with the highest benefits."

Followed by him, other instructors also gave him their badges. Seeing this, everyone looked at him with envy and jealousy, especially Mac. He knew it would be difficult to get his revenge now. But suddenly, he took out his phone and dialed a number.

Deep down, he was praying that Mike awakens an ability otherwise, he would be helpless.

"Hello, brother!"

After Lucas received those badges, he returned to his position. After him, it was Mike's turn. When the middle-aged man saw Mike, he helplessly shook his head. He had already heard the previous conversations and knew Mike had Dark Energy Resistance Body.

But when Mike walked onto the stage and touched the black stone, a strange thing happened.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What's happening?"

The middle-aged man frowned after seeing the extreme reaction from the stone. Instead of reflecting energy back to the stone, Mike's body kept absorbing energy. It didn't stop and continued to do so. Until a minute passes, when the energy retracted back to the black stone, turning it yellow.

"E-Rank?" The middle-aged man looked at the stone making a dumbfounded expression. He couldn't understand why an E-Rank Core would make such a huge reaction.

"What happened? Why did the stone give such a reaction?" Another middle-aged man looked at them and asked. Mike and the middle-aged man on his stage shook their head, not knowing what to say. But Mike had his gaze somewhere else.

At the same time,

Another middle-aged man spoke "It must be because of him. But how could an E-Rank core make such a reaction?"

They discussed with each other and finally shook their head. Walking towards Mike, the middle-aged man from his stage spoke "Student, we are not sure what caused this change. But it is no doubt that you have awakened an E-Rank Core. You can leave the stage, now."

They didn't even ask Mike's ability and even if they did, he wouldn't have an answer. After all, he was beaming with joy just because he successfully awakened the innate ability.

Although everyone was discussing, there was a middle-aged man that was a little far away from others. He had brown hair and looked more like a foreigner than others

He picked his phone and dialed a number. When the phone was picked, he spoke "Master! I have encountered someone with the same situation as yours during awakening."

In the faraway state of North America,

A bulky man was laying under the sun, near the beach. He was only wearing shorts. While his toned muscles were tanned, his face was still pale, wearing sunglasses. His body was large, almost seven feet, and big as a small car. Picking up his phone, he listened and spoke "Are you sure?"

"Yes, master! His body completely swallowed the energy from the stone but only awakened E-Rank. It was surprising since in your case, you had awakened D-Rank."

He took off his sunglasses and hoarsely spoke "Do everything you can to recruit him! It's time to awaken another beast." While saying this, a big smile appeared on his face.

"Yes, master!" The middle-aged man nodded and turned off his phone. While Mike was moving down the stairs, he hastily appeared in front of Mike. This middle-aged man was a little different than others. Every middle-aged man had black hair, he had brown and looked much more toned than others.

He walked in front of Mike with a friendly smile and taking out a card, said "Mr. Tyson, would it be alright to have a cup of tea together after the ceremony? By the way, I am the tutor of King's Academy."

Although Mike's gaze was somewhere else, when he saw the middle-aged man appearing in front of him, he instantly looked at him with all of his attention. When he heard a middle-aged man's words, he was dumbfounded, thinking 'Uncle, are you sure you got the right person? Shouldn't it be peoples like Mac that you need to choose before thinking of E-Ranker like me?"

But obviously, Mike didn't say that loud. He only looked at him, took the card, read it carefully, and put it in his pocket while nodding his head.

His action not only stunned him but also other middle-aged men. This led them to fall into deep thinking.

'This man is the right-hand man of Mad Beast Emperor. Just by strength, he is already several miles ahead of us, why would he get attracted by an E-Rank Core?'

'Could it be there is something unusual about that reaction?'

'Even so, it doesn't change the fact that he had awakened E-Rank core, so why would someone like him choose this teenager?'

'Well, I hope nothing bad happens.'

Every one of them had different thoughts. Because, except Lucas, that man didn't invite a single contestant which led to them thinking, he would choose no one but Mike obviously made a change here.

Speaking of Mike, he got once again absorbed in something else, something that only he could see, not even that man. This led him to believe he was unique. Because the thing in front of him was a system panel.

As a man from the 21st century, he had read a lot of novels, watched a lot of anime, and so he genuinely believes he was different the moment he got reincarnated to this world. And now the system panel in front of him proved him right.

He doesn't know whether this was a story or not, he doesn't whether he was a protagonist or not, but he knew one thing that was a sentence 'He was unique.'

In front of him, there was a blue screen panel. It was just like a screen panel of any sci-fi movie and in this world, it was no different than his own computer screen. But it wasn't just a single panel rather five different panels in front of him.

"Welcome to the Yin-Yang Harmony System"

"This system is modified based on the user's talent. It helps users to use the fullest potential of their talent. But due to the talent being locked, the user needs to follow several procedures to completely unlock his talent."

"Scanning User: Requirement for opening main Yin-Yang Harmony System- Unachieved"

"Generating procedures to follow! Generation completed! Basic Training System Mode Activated!"

"Due to the restriction of the user, the system can only allow the user to access two of its functions!"

He carefully read those instructions on the panel but didn't understand anything. Suddenly, when his thought said 'How do I respond to this? I hope it has an A.I.'

"Is it the user's first question? Slight reminder: The user can only ask three questions to the system. After three questions, System would be unable to answer any further question."

He was startled by the system's reply. But it wasn't sound rather few words in the panel in front of him.

"No, no! My first question would be; explain everything about the system?"

When he panicked and asked, he didn't notice he said that loud. Hearing his words, Lucas slammed on his head, saying "Have you become dumb by awakening an innate ability this time?"

But he didn't have time to chat with him. He simply shook his head and looked at the new panel in front of him.

"Slight reminder: User can communicate with me through three different mediums. Users can either use a screen panel as a touch screen. User can give voice commands or User can give thoughts commands."

"Answer- This question has many restrictions. The most efficient way to explain the system is through three different points."

"1. System can help user unlock his talent through easy methods."

"2. System can't have direct interaction with the user but it can make many slight reminders."

"3. System can use different functions that can help user to get stronger."

'Fuck! I don't understand a shit. I know these things just by the way you are interacting with me. But what are the functions of the system?' Mike yelled in his heart furiously. He felt like an idiot after reading these points. Of course, he could easily understand these but he thought again and remember these kinds of systems only reveal their mysteries when his strength reaches a certain point.

"Is that your second question?"

"Duh! Of course, it is." Although Mike was a little sad about losing a chance to ask a question, he didn't take it to his heart. After all, this system belongs to him and he can check everything he needs to check.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System has many functions among which only two functions are available. One being Status Function and another being Quest Function. You can check both functions through the system- Main Home."

'Is that it?' Mike couldn't help but turn speechless over his system. He felt this system should definitely get itself an A.I. But he knows this system can't respond to his critics, so he simply ignored it and thought 'Main Home!'

After his thoughts, other panels disappeared in front of his eyes and a single panel appeared. This panel had a blue theme with three different sections. Among the three sections, two sections 'Status' and 'Quest' were green while the last section 'Shop' was grey. There were many other grey sections without revealing their name.

'So, does this grey represent a locked function?' Knowing which functions he could use, he easily distinguished between two colors and their functions.

'Status!' He doesn't want to become an idiot in his best friend's eyes, so he couldn't use the touch-screen function and only give commands through his thought. But just when the new panel appeared, Jacus shouted "Down to earth, Mike! Down to Earth!"

"We have to go back." He didn't even let Mike explain anything. Lucas grabbed his hand and drag him out of the arena. Due to Lucas's sudden popularity, everyone couldn't help but glance at me.

"Is he so shocked that he awakened the core with his Dark Energy Resistance Body?"

"Didn't expect him to be so petty?"

"Well, he is just an E-Ranker after all and with his body, he might never improve." Seeing Mike dragged away, teenagers around them began to whisper in each other's ears. Although Mike heard them loud and clearly, he completely ignored them, giving a deep gaze upon his status.

"....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Beginner Mode

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+5 STR)

STR: 7 (Strength: 4- Normal Adult)

AGI: 5 (Agility: 2- Normal Adult)

INT: 4 (Intelligence: 2- Normal Adult)

STM: 1.2 (Stamina: 0.5- Normal Adult)

DEF: 4 (Defense: 1- Normal Adult)

Unique Ability- Yet to awaken

Conditions to awaken: All attributes 20

Skills- None

Yin-Yang Partners- Yet to achieve

Stats Points: Zero

System Points: Zero

(Slight reminder: The status panel will change once the awakening conditions are reached and the user awakens)"

"Is that it?" Looking at the status panel, Mike felt confused. But he still kept thinking 'This is Yin-Yang System. From all those novels I have heard, normally Yin-Yang is related to sex. And there was Yin-Yang Partner section in the status panel, so this makes things a little easier to understand.'

'But the problem is, I won't go around f**king ladies especially when I lost my life due to sex. But, since it doesn't say that I have to do sex to get stronger, I don't have to. But eventually, I will end up doing it, I just hope this system can save me since this system itself focused on such stuff.'

'There is no point thinking more about it. I must consider something else. My innate ability is brute force and it does match my fighting style. And it seems when I awakened the innate ability, my body ends up sucking the energy present in that stone.'

'Except that foreign tutor, nobody seems to notice this much or simply they do not care. I also got myself a unique ability that seems to be related to the system. My priority should be improving my stats and reach the conditions to awaken.'

'By the way, what about the Quest panel?' When Mike thought about it, the panel in front of him changed and a new panel appeared.

"Daily Quest

Monthly Quest

Yearly Quest"

Inside the panel, the daily quest was written in green while the monthly quest and yearly quest were written in grey. Since Mike could only choose Daily Quest, he thought about it and the new panel appeared in front of him.

"Daily Quests

Quest 1- Hundred Push-Ups (Reward- 1+ STR)

Quest 2- Hundred Curls- Up (Reward- 1+ DEF)

Quest 3- Sprint 10 Miles (Reward- 1+ AGI)

Quest 4- Hundred Squats (Reward- 1+ INT)

Quest 5- Masturbate* 2 (Reward- 1+ STM)

(Slight Reminder: If user forget to finish any of these quests, he will have to bear harsh punishment)

Final Reward- 3 System Points"

'Fuck! Why do I have to masturbate? And more importantly, why is there such a ridiculous quest?' Mike yelled in his heart. After he has been reincarnated into this world, he never dares to ejaculate, fearing he would die again.

But now, the system once again makes him do that. It would definitely make him mad. But soon he calmed his heart and asked 'My third question- System, will I die if I ejaculate?'

"With user's current strength, if the user does the sex then ejaculate, the user will definitely die like in user's previous life but if the user is to masturbate, he won't die. The user has already proven this fact in his previous life.

(Slight reminder: Quests released by the system doesn't have any malicious thoughts against the user.)"

'Fuck! You mean, I would really die if I engage in sex with my current strength?' Suddenly, cold sweat appeared on his forehead as he thought 'Fortunately, my Will is strong. Even though there are many pretty ladies, I can still control myself. And most girls don't even want to be me. So, I have no problem.

'By the way, system, can't I just increase my physical attribute through normal cultivation?' Suddenly remembering his own innate ability, he didn't hesitate to ask. But he didn't get a reply from the system.

'It seems this system is really a silent system.' Looking at his system panel speechlessly, he shook his head. But suddenly, he got another panel in front of him.

"Slight reminder: If the user can't finish the daily quest until 11:59 pm. User will bear the punishment."

When Mike saw this panel, his expression suddenly shrunk. Suddenly, he glanced away and found himself getting pulled by Lucas. Although he knew he was getting pulled by Lucas, only now his expression turned embarrassed.

"Lucas, I can walk on my own, you know?" Mike couldn't help but ask with a red face. They were still inside the arena, so he felt embarrassed even more. Only then Lucas let go of his hands, and asked "Aren't you usually calm? Why did you get so excited?"

"Pow"

Slapping his shoulder, Mike yelled "Come on man, your friend awakened an innate ability even though I had Dark Energy Resistance Body. Shouldn't you be congratulating me? Oh, wait! I should be the one congratulating you, an A-Ranker. I can't believe you really had such talent. It seems we can only remain together till now."

His voice filled with bitterness but his expression was still filled with a smile. But he already knew this was going to happen. After all, Lucas's family had three members and among three members, two had already awakened A-Rank Innate Ability.

"Bam" Suddenly, Lucas slapped my back and made a serious look. He didn't even look at me but still spoke "You are my best friend, not because of ability or background. We grew up together and we are going to be together."

But when he looked at Mike, he only saw a disgusted expression on Mike's face. Making an ugly expression, Mike spoke "No way, if I am going to be together, it would only be a beautiful girl."

"Pervert, just to let you know, I am not gay." Only then Lucas realized his words were a little off. He immediately shakes his hand to explain. But Mike didn't care, he simply walked straight.

"So, which academy did you plan to study?" Mike and Lucas walked out of the arena and just a step out, Mike asked looking at Lucas with curiosity.

Lucas looked at my pocket and said "Do you even need to ask?" Then, he took out the card of King's Academy. Seeing this, Mike laughed a helpless smile and stopped talking. He looked at the sun that was still far away from setting down.

"Trash stop!" Suddenly, an angry roar came from the back. Hearing his voice, Mike instantly recognizes him but he didn't stop. He had no reason to do so. But suddenly, a huge pressure locked onto Mike and Lucas.

This pressure made a burning pain in my heart, but Lucas seems relatively calm. Obviously greater pressure was locked into my body rather than Lucas, so he wasn't facing any problem.

"Trash, didn't you hear what my brother just said?" Suddenly, a man appeared behind him. Mike's heart was startled. This pressure was killing him especially when a hand pressed onto his right shoulder.

"Bang"

But suddenly, another pressure was released, completely negating the previous pressure. At the same time, Mike heard another voice that was gentle but filled with killing intent "Mantle, do you dare to bully my brother?"

"Whoosh"

Suddenly, a fast sword passed by Mike's head. But the man behind suddenly released his hand before giving a slight pinch on Mike's right shoulder. This pinch was very strong, causing Mike to scream in pain "ahhhhh!"

"Crack" At the same time, his shoulder bone got cracked a little.

"Mike!" Suddenly Lucas shouted and rushed to his side. Although he didn't get unconscious, he was hardly able to resist the pain. Standing properly with Lucas's support, Mike looked at two teenagers that appeared before him.

One was a slightly tall dude, with a tanned face but an extremely domineering aura releasing out of him. He was wearing jeans and a black t-shirt. At the same time, he had a sword sheath hanging on his waist. Mike instantly recognized him. His name was Luke Green.

He was Lucas's brother and he had awakened A-Rank Dragon Sword Ability. Then, his gaze shifted towards the man that hurts him. He also recognized him. He was tall as Luke but his pale face and slender body were making him charming.

His name was Mantle, he was Mac's brother. Seeing him, the killing intent flashed in his eyes. But it was just killing intention, nothing else.

"Luke, are you going to stand for this trash?" Mantle's face was ugly at this moment. The reason he didn't target Lucas was because of Luke but he didn't expect Luke to help Mike.

"He might be trash but he is now my brother's best friend. This makes him my little brother. Mantle, are you going to bully my little brother?" Suddenly releasing an extremely ferocious aura, Luke spoke with an overbearing tone.

Hearing him, Mantle's face turned uglier. He looked at Mike with killing intent on his eyes and finally walked away with Mac. Seeing that killing intent, Mike was terrified for a moment. Deep down, in his heart, he kept cursing 'Damn these two brothers! I must make them pay for what they did.'

But he also understands the gap between him and Mantle. He was just awakened and hasn't even started his cultivation while Mantle was already in the sixth stage of Soldier Rank. Not to mention, he was one year older than Mantle.

'I must work hard. I'll definitely complete those damn quests including the fifth.' Feeling the extreme pain in his shoulder, Mike vowed to get his revenge after getting stronger.

At this moment, Mike understands the difference in level and strength.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the two floors roofed house,

Mike was lying on the bed. It has been half an hour. His bones were healed by the medicines and now he was taking ice massage on his shoulder to relieve pain. After all, he still got exercises to do.

"Mike, I am coming in." Suddenly, a sweet voice rang in his room, followed by a figure. This figure was his aunt. She had a beautiful face, but there were few wrinkles under her eyes. Although she looked slender and slim, her face was enough to say she was above thirty.

It was true indeed. She was thirty-eight but she still wears the skirt that reaches the length to her knees. While she wearing a normal t-shirt, her dressing style clearly didn't match with her falling hair. Her black hair was falling up to half of her back. And her name was Elizabeth Tyson.

And it was from her, that Mike inherited this surname. Originally, his surname was Darin. So, when he made his citizenship card, he changed his name. After all, the property is finished, there is no meaning to keep that name.

"Aunt, sorry for troubling you!" Mike felt a little anxious when he was in front of his aunt. He felt guilty for making her sad and anxious on such a happy occasion.

"How could it be troublesome? And it is a happy occasion about your awakening." She shook her head while holding a plate in her hand. She closed the door and walked near Mike's bed. She showed him the food on the plate and said "Look! I made your favorite chicken pasta."

Seeing the chicken pasta on the plate, his anxious expression turned delighted. A big smile appeared on his face, as he greedily took the plate from her hand, after keeping the ice pack at the bed. He picked up a piece of chicken and put swallowed it. Feeling the hot but extremely crispy chicken, he let out another delightful expression, and slowly chewed the food, while still keeping the same expression.

To feel the taste, he even had his eyes closed. Only after he finished his first bite, he opened his eyes and spoke while giving his aunt a thumbs up "It is delicious as always. Thank you, aunt!" But before he could say anything, he had grabbed the next chicken.

"Alright, eat slowly!" Elizabeth shook her head with a helpless smile, looking at his expression. She walked to his side and picked up the ice bag. Then, she started doing the same thing that Mike was doing, relieving his pain.

"Aunt, you don't have to do it. I am just fine already." Mike felt uncomfortable making her work, so he couldn't help but ask her to stop.

"Alright, you just shut up and eat." Making a motherly position, she scolded him and kept massaging his shoulder with an ice bag. After a moment of silence, she suddenly spoke "Do you know, they left you because you had Dark Energy Resistance Body?"

"But I knew you would awaken. Your spirit and Will were too strong from the very start. And so, it was only a matter of time. But this doesn't you have anything to prove. Just focus on getting stronger, and don't prove anything to anyone. As long as you are happy, that's all it matters.

"Ummm!" His voice was very soft at this moment, and he seems crying.

While saying so, she buried Mike's head on her stomach. After a moment, when she pushed his head back. She found her t-shirt was completely wet due to tears. When his tears didn't fall, he looked up at his aunt's face and asked with red eyes "Aunt, I had something that I always wanted to ask you."

"Can I call you mom from now on?"

"Yes" This time, tears didn't fall from her eyes. And she nodded her head with a bright smile. Then, she looked at her wet t-shirt and said "I'll be back in a few moments."

But while moving away, a thought appeared in her mind 'Silly, you can always call me mom. After all, I'm your true mother. But I'm incompetent. I can't even call you son but I did everything a mother could do for her son. So mike, never forget your mother's request.'

Mike was completely immersed in the deliciousness of chicken pasta. It was simply a mixture of pasta and chicken but made with a different ingredient that gives the taste that makes him blissful.

After Mike finished his meal, he felt extremely energetic and his pain was almost gone. He quickly went to the sink and washed his hands. After that, he went to his room for the exercise. But before exercise, he wanted to try cultivation, since he needs to rest awhile after eating.

Cultivation was a very simple process and he was taught about it at an earlier age. Cultivation is just like meditation. In cultivation, one needs to absorb particles of dark energy that have been living in the earth since that explosion.

There are also few free cultivation techniques that can allow a person to fall into the meditative state.

Dark energy particles are naturally invisible and can't absorb forcefully. At least, he hasn't heard anyone doing so. To absorb dark energy, one must activate his Innate Ability source from his core. This source does have a small suction force but nothing to absorb the dark energy particles from the surrounding.Core is the source.

Since dark energy is in the surrounding, it is always in contact with us but one can't feel it since their body has already been evolved or they don't enough Will. So, people need to use the source to attract the dark energy particles inside the body.

Once dark energy particles enter the body, it follows different routes, and at this moment, one must concentrate to control the dark energy particles inside the body. Once a person controls it, he can merge it with his own physical energy.

In this process, his whole body gets strong. This is why Mantle was able to break his bones with a slight pinch. This process tempers one's body and the remaining energy that gets produced during this process merges with the ability source.

Thus, ability energy gets produced. But obviously, what is the role of talent in this process? There are two roles that one must remember before cultivating. After all, talent varies and you don't want to compare with someone whose talent is ten times better than you.

After all, each talent rank has a huge gap, especially talents above C-Rank. This is why Mantle fears Luke even though both of them are in the same realm. The mantle is rich but Luke is not. Mantle's family is a business family while Luke's family is an ordinary family.

And this was the reason why both of them were at the same stage even though Mantle's talent was B-Rank while Luke's talent was A-Rank.

Talent is necessary for cultivation because it makes a difference in the power of attraction. This is just the first reason while the second reason is the amount of ability energy. Since the amount of remaining energy is very pure, core produces the dilute form of energy to fill up the core when it merges with the ability source.

This is like a programmed function of a core that a human can't change. So, when your talent is very high, the ability source will create a more dilute form because the quality of that dilutes form matters. If an E-Rank absorbs dark energy particles for a day, he can fill twenty percent of his core with dilute ability energy, with dilute energy being one-fifth of the original energy.

But if an S-Rank absorbs dark energy particles for a day, he can fill a hundred percent of his core with dilute ability energy with dilute energy being two-fifth or even three-fifth of the original energy. This is the difference between talents.

And there is another difference which just counterpart the function of the core. If a person's talent is higher, he can control the amount of purity of energy to some extent. This is why S-Rank can make their dilute energy three-fifth to that of original energy.

But Mike is obviously an E-Rank, so what does he plan to do now?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Not to mention his unique talent and system, he is only an E-Rank. If he cultivates normally, he naturally can't surpass people like Mantle, Mac, Lucas, Luke. Not to mention, he is already two years late.

So his last option would be awakening his unique talent. But that doesn't mean he won't cultivate normally.

After all, even if it is an E-Rank talent, he can still train to improve his body. Innate Abilities are nothing more than a superpower. It doesn't make one immortal, it doesn't make one invincible, but it does make humans unique.

About superpowers, people generally think of them as an ability that can make a person superhero instantly. But what they do not know is the cost of being superhuman. It's not about morals, it's not about ideas. It's about your own body.

No one can become a superhero just because they have good morals or ideas, in the end, it all comes to their own body. If a person can't even use his superpower properly, there is no use of good morals or anything, especially when he is fighting for his life.

Mike has watched a lot of superhero movies and he has a pretty good idea of what a superpower represents. Training your body! It is the only thing that is common in most of the superhero movies he had watched. This is why humanity lost so much during the war against Alkiwon.

At that time, they vigorously used their superpower but in the end, they forget the basic need for a person to hold a superpower. Even if they had motives, even if they had willpower, nothing matters if you passed out in the middle of the fight.

This is why later, humanity slowly develop cultivation realms, learned more from the Alkiwon race about cultivation, and started the best way to use superpower. Since it's kind of a power given from birth, it has been called Innate Ability.

So Mike has basic knowledge of cultivation. Improving stamina and endurance is much more important than improving superpowers. But just when he was about to cultivate, Mike remembered something and suddenly stood up.

"I am now awakened and I need resources because of my talent. There is only one way to earn resources; Dungeons. It takes around eight hours to get registered. There are still fifteen days until Academic Registration begins until then I must improve my strength on my own."

"If I register as a hunter now, until tomorrow verification would be complete and I can directly get a chance to enter the dungeon," Mike murmured while he walked to his computer. Opening his computer, he went to Hunter's Guild Site and began to register.

In the vast universe, humans and Alkiwon aren't the only race that exists. There are countless other races, some of them are exactly from the myths such as Elves, Dwarfs, Dragon, Phoenixes, and so on. But unlike Alkiwon, these races can't enter this solar system.

So these races used a secret portal to come into the earth. Naturally, strong ones can't come because mutated earth doesn't allow it and strong ones won't even have an interest in the earth, so the ones who enter the portals are pretty weak among those races.

But even so, they are considered powerful compared to most humans. Hunter Guild is the main powerhouse that controls these dungeon's activities. These races have a core known as beast core which can improve the cultivation. Since these races slaughter humans as if they are enjoying doing so, they are called monster beasts by humans, no matter whether they are dragons or elves.

Not including core, the bodies of these monster beasts are very precious for any purpose. So why is registration needed? Not only because hunter guild has to manage them but also because of 'Ascending to Godhood'.

Since the monster race wants to kill humans, humans gave them a surprise by creating a virtual reality where the impact of fights between humans and monsters doesn't affect the earth and its people. Naturally, he doesn't know much about it.

So after he registered, he began to look for information about the 'Ascension to Godhood'. After half an hour minutes of constant scrolling, he got pretty good information about it.

Ascension to Godhood was the latest invention of humanity after the latest war that happened fifty years ago. At that time, dungeons began to appear and humanity had to fight back. Although humanity didn't suffer as much as the war against the Alkiwon, the economic condition of every continent dropped significantly.

Of course, many peoples died too. And this led to humans understand the cruelty of the war. Naturally, many people didn't care. But there were people, righteous people who care about the death of common people, people who wanted to live a normal life.

So, they gathered brains and superpowers from all over the world and finally created 'Ascension to Godhood'. Whenever portals appear, instead of walking into the earth, monsters were teleported to the virtual world.

It took ten years to complete but there was a certain problem. Now that monsters were sent to the virtual world, nobody wanted to go and provoke them for fun. Even though they understood the virtual world won't hold an enormous amount of monsters for a long time, nobody wanted to throw away their life.

So, those righteous people made another feature to this virtual world. Game experience, although people will die in this world, they can still earn EXP if they kill the monster. For higher talent people, it didn't matter but for those with lower talent, it gives them a forceful motive to enter the virtual world.

The only reason it was called virtual world was because of its current features, otherwise, it was no different than a different spatial dimension. After all, life and death are the things that make the real world truly real.

So, only when the game feature was launched, it looked more like a virtual world. Killing monsters, gaining experience and wealth, buying equipment and potions, everything was just a game in here. Of course, killing monsters, one can't take away those beast cores and beast bodies, they will only gain wealth and experience points.

But to enter the dungeon, you must find a quest. Quests are available randomly or in the Task Hall. But this game wasn't possible alone by human technologies. During those ten years to twenty years, humanity has sent thousands of King Realm powerhouses to steal technologies from Alkiwon.

After all, that race has been top in terms of technology. Unlike humans, Alkiwon or any other races are simply categorized in seven ranks, just like the core of the humans; F, E, D, C, B, A, and S. Each rank had five tiers; Low tier, Middle tier, High tier, Top tier, and Peak tier.

Normally, humanity has never faced S-Rank monsters or Alkiwon. They have only once faced A-Rank monsters, and it took ten emperor rank to take that monster down. It was also during the war fifty years ago.

When he read all those, he felt unreal for a moment. From countless novels and comics that he had read, he knows human hearts. For personal benefits, humans are willing to betray even their brothers and parents especially when it comes to power.

So when he read these facts, he was left stunned for a while.

'It seems, it is not about the race rather the individual. People tend to hurt others for benefits but that doesn't mean others will do the same. Mike, you have to remember this is not a novel or actions movies. I don't know why I get such a beautiful chance of transmigration but I am going to use this chance to its fullest.'

'Since I have a system that means I must be unique, so I must get powerful. After all, people like me tend to invite trouble for themselves.' Making up his mind, Mike turned off his computer and stood up. Now, he doesn't have a motive to cultivate rather he wanted to finish his exercise.

'What should I do first? Hmm! considering my current stamina, I could barely finish a hundred pushes and with the help of brute only. So, the best option would be masturbation. But..... but????'

'Fuck! This is killing me. I don't even dare to start. The system will never be incorrect but I still remember my death clearly. Alright mike, be a man! And shoot like a man!' Mike felt his heart conflicted, it was hard for him to decide whether he should do it or not.

'I must give it a try.' Saying that himself, he went to the bathroom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Huff! Huff! Fuck!" Mike wanted to continue but couldn't speak due to heavy panting. The amount of sweat dripping down his forehead would be enough to fill a bottle. Holding his palm against his knees, he was trying to take a breath.

"That was so freaking hard…... Stamina, stamina is something I lack. Even if I got +1 stamina from the last task, it was nowhere enough."

"Huh! I need a resting place." Placing his arms on his waist, Mike moved towards the bench that was near him. Fortunately, he was near the park where many benches were kept. It was already night time, so he decided to doze off.

His body was aching too much. Laying over the bench, he closed his eyes to rest but didn't expect to fall asleep after few seconds.

...…..

Few minutes passed and a figure appeared near him. The figure caught him by her hand and took him away. This figure was a lady, wearing a black leather jacket and jeans. She had grey hair, and black pupils, with a beautiful pale face.

Her eyebrows were a little down on the edges with a small dimple on her right cheek. When she held Mike in her hands, she gave a helpless sigh and walked away.

........

Inside a wooden roofed house,

Two boys were sitting opposite. Both had similar faces but one seems younger while the other seems older. They were Luke and Lucas. Currently, they were ready to have lunch but it seems they were waiting for something.

"So, why aren't we eating anything?" Lucas asked with a doubtful expression. After all, there was a whole feast of meat in front of him. There was non-alcoholic juice in the glasses.

"Idiot, we are waiting for the sister." Luke shook his head and looked at him as if he was an idiot.

"Is she really coming?" Hearing his words and caring about his expression, Lucas shouted with a smile blooming on his face.

"Bam"

But instead of the reply that he expected, he got a slap on his head. He looked at Luke with an angry expression shouting "Why are you hitting me?"

"Idiot, no wonder Mike always used to tell me that you have no social sense. Do you think she would miss out on such a celebration due to her younger brother as the eldest sister?" Luke looked at him with displeased on his eyes but soon shook his head and continued "She might arrive any moment."

"Ding" "Dong"

Just when his words were finished, the doorbell rang.

"Elder Sister, I am co... Woah!" Hearing the doorbell, Lucas's expression turned cheerful from angry and rushed to open the door. But he saw Mike in her hands, he shouted: "Mike, what happened to you?"

"Bam! Idiot, can't you see he is unconscious?" Just like the previous times, Lucas got a slap on his head once again. Only then, he reacted and shouted "Sister, what happened to him? Why is he unconscious?"

"Can I come in?" His elder sister didn't reply instead, asked looking at Luke who was standing behind Lucas.

"Of course, sister! Why are you even standing out?" But before Luke could say anything, Lucas shouted and invited her in.

His elder sister sighed and walked in. She went to the couch and placed Mike on it. Then, she looked at Luke, completely ignoring Lucas, and said "Heat up the foods! I will take a quick bath." Saying so, she went towards the bathroom.

"What do you think you are doing?" Seeing Lucas near him while holding a marker in his hand, Luke gave him a sharp look and asked.

"…Well, I checked his pulse and he seems alright. So, I thought of doing a small prank while he is unconscious." Lucas answered with a guilty feeling but didn't stop doing it.

"Bam"

"You are not a kid anymore. Come and help me with the food." Luke slapped once again and dragged him to the kitchen. They took back those foods and began to heat them up.

Ten minutes later,

Around the table, there were three chairs. Luke and Lucas were sitting opposite each other as usual while their elder sister was sitting on the middle chair. They were chatted for a while with lots of smiles on their faces until Luke made a sentence turning the mood low.

"So, which academy did you plan to g….? Ouch!"

This time, Luke got a kick on his right. He turned his head towards his elder sister who was glaring at him with deadly red eyes and a terrifying aura "If you ask such a silly question, I'll break your leg."

"Yes! Yes!" Suddenly dragon turned into a lizard, Luke nodded his head with fear.

"Puchi!" Suddenly, a smile appeared in Lucas's mouth which turned their attention towards him. At this moment, he suddenly spoke which once again turned down the mood "Elder Sister, you act just like the mother."

Only when these words escaped his mouth, Lucas realized his mistakes. His cheerful face suddenly turned gloomy and dark as he silently said.

"Sorry!"

"Lucas, don't speak about that bitch in front of me." Although Lucas apologized, Luke was still beaming with anger when he heard that word.

"Bam" But once again, he got a slap on his head. His elder sister then moved towards Lucas after she slapped Luke. Getting on her knees, she looked at her young brother as if he was still a baby and said "Lucas, you are our youngest brother and also our gem. It doesn't matter what we suffered till now, we promised each other to live our life to the fullest. It doesn't matter even if you remember them or not. In fact, none of us can forget them no matter how much we try. So, we need to live with the past, work hard in present, so that we can have a better future."

"You don't have to think about other academies. It seems luck is on our side that even Mike got an invitation from the King's Academy. You promised him to be his best friend regardless of his/your condition. So, now you can't break your promise and leave him alone."

"If he is going to the King's Academy, you are also going with him. Even if he doesn't end up in the King's Academy, you have to follow him. Remember, only when you learn to embrace your power, you'll learn about your responsibility."

"Embrace this power, embrace your talent, only then you will realize how many choices you have while he doesn't. So only then you'll learn what your responsibilities are as his best friend. Remember in your darkest time, he was the one to help you and support you." While she spoke, few drops of tears slide down her cheeks as she continued.

"When your own brother and sister couldn't help you. Remember, people might think or say we have five family members, but for us, our parents are already dead even if they are alive, I won't let them live."

Only at this moment, Lucas realized his condition again. What he has been gone through? A family with two parents and three children. Their life was happy. Although their parents didn't work much, they were having a cheerful life with lots of wealth.

But only after two years, they found the happiness and cheerfulness in front of them was just an illusion. Debt, a huge dept caused by their parents for more than ten years. When their parents left them due to huge debt, three children blanked out for a long moment.

Eldest sister named Lauren was twelve, Luke was eleven and Lucas was just ten. With the debt of ten million on their head, they had already fallen into despair. Although their house was still with them, if they didn't sell that house, they wouldn't be able to pay off the debt.

And even with a house, it would impossible. They got no choice but to sell the house and buy some time. But when they became homeless, they realized how harsh life was. Although they could hold on to this life for some time, they realized their younger brother was far too weak to bear such life.

With no choice left, they asked Mike's family to keep Lucas with them until they can buy a new home. Although it seems like a foolish dream, Mike lets him live in his house. After all, Mike was also the one who had gone through the same pain.

And, he had a close friendship with Lauren. So, he sees Lucas as a little brother. But didn't expect that little brother will soon become his best friend.

Luke and Lauren lived in the street, working day and night, abandoning their studies, trying to make money to pay off their debt.

But it seems it wasn't a foolish dream especially in this world where the strong can do anything they want. At the age of thirteen, Lauren awakened her A-Rank innate ability. When she awakened her innate ability, a storm occurred in the entire state.

Her A-Rank ability was very close to S-Rank, it was Storm Dragon Blood. Her ability can condense the blood of a Storm Dragon in her body which can slowly transform her bloodline into the bloodline of a dragon with the same powers as them.

On that night, not a phoenix but a dragon was born on the Ethen State.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Soon after her awakening, she was called by the Head of many academies. Originally, many expected her to choose King's Academy but instead, she chose Dark Moon Academy. The reason was quite simple. The Dark Moon Academy was an all-girls academy and it also gave her the most benefits.

One million dollars each year. Originally she thought she would be able to pay off their debt easily and give her brothers a happy life but another year at her birthday, everything was ruined once again. Their parents came with another huge debt.

They said she was awakened, she should help her parents. That night, she had to go through many curses and schemes. Finally, she decided to pay off their last debts but on one condition. From now on, they have to sign a contract.

There weren't many things stated in the contract except one. From that day onward, Lauren, Luke, and Lucas won't have any social or physical relationship with their parents. Except for the blood relationship, they can't force Lauren, Luke, or Lucas on any other occasions.

But this also made them pay a huge cost. This time, it was fifty million in debt. For this debt, Lauren had to take risks and hunt down other monsters to earn. The previous year, Luke also awakened an A-Rank innate ability and chose Sirus Academy. This academy was smart and had checked Luke's background, so they used their wealth and made Luke join them with the scholarship of two million dollars per year.

Remembering everything, Lucas held back his tear and murmured "B… But… sister, what about the de...?"

Before he could finish his sentence, Lauren blocked his mouth with her index finger and said "I awakened an A-Rank ability, almost closer to S-Rank. The same goes for Luke, but we weren't able to enjoy our talent. They left us with burden but that burden is not you."

"As your elder brother and sister, we can't allow you to hold this burden. Lucas, we weren't there to stay and live with you when you were just a kid. But he was, he made you feel happy but now, are you going to make him feel unhappy?"

At this moment, she caressed his cheeks and said "Lucas, you don't have to worry. The debt is almost cleared, and we don't have any relationship with them, so they won't cause us trouble anymore. So, join the King's Academy, use your potential to the fullest."

"King's Academy is the best of the best and only the chosen ones are found there. There are lots of competition where you have to push yourself to the limit and use your talent to break that limit. Lightning is the supreme way of heaven and you must hold it tight."

Suddenly, she embraced him and thought 'Soon brother, very soon, we will show them who the kings are? Demon King of Atharos, I'll soon crush you under my feet.'

Lauren awakened her A-Rank talent at the age of thirteen, and from then on her cultivation rapidly improve. Now, she was eighteen. After five years, her cultivation had already reached the fourth stage of General Rank. This is what Lucas thinks.

She was very talented, not just in her cultivation but also in comprehension of different self-taught arts. Due to her comprehension, she usually gets the upper hand in the fight against the monsters which made her earn a lot.

And due to constant battles, her cultivation keeps on improving. But till now, she hasn't used any kinds of cultivation supplements. Normally, there are lots of cultivation supplements but just the lowest rank could cost up to fifty thousand dollars.

Naturally, she couldn't afford it. After she gave him a tight and warm embrace, her eyeballs turned around as she said "For how long are you going to pretend to sleep?"

"Ahh! Lauren, you are really vigilant." Mike rubbed his nose and lift his upper body, sitting on the couch. He didn't stand up since his body was still tired.

"So, you heard it all." Lauren looked at Mike and said with a warning from her eyes. Mike quickly caught her warning and make a big ugly smile, saying "I didn't hear anything before you explained about the King's Academy."

"That means, you heard it all." Without even blinking an eye, Lauren directly spoke which made Mike's heart pumped. He didn't understand why Lauren was doing it. He got no choice but to think of a perfect answer. He nodded his head and said, "Yes, I heard everything."

"But I don't mind whichever academy Lucas chooses. It's not like we are girlfriend and boyfriend who need to stick together all the time. He is my best friend and I'm his best friend. There is no way, we would forget each other just because of Academy and ranks. Am I wrong, Lucas?"

"No, you are right Mike. No matter which academy we end, we'll always befriend." Lucas repeatedly nodded his head at my words, with a pleasant and big smile.

"Bam" But when we put arms on each other's shoulders, Lauren slammed both of our heads with each other.

'Ouch!' Seeing that collision, a chill crawls down Luke's spine as he slowly moved back while his body was still shaking hard.

"DO YOU EVEN KNOW WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? Both of you are going to the King's Academy otherwise I'll use my silver bat to break both of your eggs. So that you two won't ever get separated, understand?" From Mike's and Lucas's back, an image of a demon king flash.

This demon king was none other than Lauren who had a crazy scary look on her face that almost made Mike and Lucas pee on their pants. They immediately kneeled on the floor and shouted "WE WILL DO WHAT YOUR HIGHNESS ORDERS US TO DO."

"By the way Mike, why are you working so hard? And all by yourself." Lucas suddenly remembered Mike's condition when he was given a princess ride by Lauren and asked with worry.

"It was nothing. I was just following a new schedule that I made for myself after awakening." Naturally, Mike couldn't say 'I have a system that realizes task and I had to complete. Otherwise, you might just find my corpse next morning.'

Even Mike doesn't understand why but he was fearful of the system's punishment. Maybe he thought the system will grant him another death during his first sex, so he was worried a little.

"By the way Mike, don't take it as an offense but in King's Academy eyes, E-Rank is nothing but trash, maybe even lower. So why would they invite you?" Hearing Lauren's question, he didn't know how to explain but her next sentence made him frightened.

"Or rather why would you make...….?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ehh! I don't know. Even I am confused about it. Although I sucked in the dark energy from the stone in a large amount, it only awakened E-Rank talent. So I don't even know why he chose me." Mike shook his head and answered truthfully.

From his previous analysis, he found the system has a relationship with him but not through Innate Ability. Rather it seems related to a unique talent. Since he has his Innate Ability, he has no reason to expose the system.

Not to mention, Mike has a clear understanding of the system's function. Just as it said, it was helping him to get stronger. After all, increasing his stats by 1 through exercises is not common at all. Even A-Rank talent can't increase their strength so fast.

"Wait, you said sucked in the dark energy from the stone and only awakened E-Rank?" Hearing his words, she grabbed his shoulder and shouted on his face. Mike didn't expect she would react this way.

"Y…..Yes," Mike answered in a confused tone. He didn't understand what's there to make such a fuss about it? After all, he did awaken an E-Rank talent no matter how suspicious things he caused.

"Then, did that stone became useless after that?" But Lauren didn't let go of his hands and asked with a serious tone. Her expression was telling him that she knew something very unusual. But Mike had no way to answer that. He could only look back at Lucas for truth.

"Yes, it was later replaced with another stone because the dark energy was completely drained." Lucas nodded his head and answered.

"Yes, I understand! I finally understood why that man chose you and let you join the King's Academy." After she confirmed things that she needed to know, her face brightened with excitement just by thinking about it.

"Why?" Mike and Lucas asked at the same time with confusion on their head. It was natural since they didn't understand many things.

"The same incident as yours has happened fifteen years ago. Once a man had same incident as yours and awakened D-Rank Innate Ability. But after three years, he was found to have S-Rank Innate Ability. After another seven years, he finally proclaimed the cause of the change in his Innate Ability."

"He said, his innate ability needed a lot of dark energy to consume to completely awaken his it. Only when he was given enough dark energy, not just a regular one rather a pure one, he could improve his innate ability rank. The dark energy stored in the stone is the purest dark energy which is why it could awaken the innate ability."

"You had Dark Energy Resistance Body but I don't think that's the truth. Your body might have been the body that needs a pure form of dark energy to properly mutate. Since the atmosphere of the earth has the impure form of dark energy, it couldn't mutate your body."

Although her explanation was clear, Mike and Lucas didn't understand. It's not that they didn't understand these words rather they didn't understand the relationship between pure dark energy and awakening.

Mike didn't shrink back when asking her the question "Why can only the pure form of dark energy awaken Innate Ability?"

"Hush! It seems you guys don't know much about it." Looking at their confused expression, she shook her head and sighed. But she didn't hide rather she began her explanation.

"There are two kinds of cells that a human has once he awakens his Innate Ability, one is a normal cell while the other is a mutated cell. The mutated cell is the result of mutation through dark energy with several other energy produced by the body. When the body is mutated with a pure form of dark energy, it can instantly transform a normal cell into a mutated cell."

"For a cultivator, both impure and pure form of dark energy is required. Pure Form of dark energy awakens and strengthens the Innate Ability while the Impure Form of dark energy strengthens the body."

"But both energy has one thing in common. Both produce mutated cells through different process. While the Pure Form of dark energy can instantly transform a normal cell into the mutated cell, Impure Form of dark energy can only strengthen the normal cells and slowly transform it into the mutated cells."

"So, what are the mutated cells exactly? The answer lies within the process of cultivation. When a person absorbs the impure form of dark energy, he uses this dark energy for the transformation process. And during that process, the mutated energy is produced."

"Only the mutated energy can pass through the source and transform into ability energy. Normal dark energy or other forms of energy can't pass through the source and transform into the ability energy. Mutated Cells are very much necessary because it creates Innate Ability and slowly strengthen the ability."

"This is why people join Ascending to Godhood and risks their life. Once they get enough experience points, they can instantly level up increasing the number of mutated cells in their body. When the numbers increases, the quality of your superpower also increases."

"Now, let me tell you something about awakening. People most often call it awakening because here you can stimulate your mutated cells to constantly select the best heritage for you. Yep, Innate Abilities are nothing but powerful heritages that were constantly made up by the Universe Spirit, Dead Souls, Chaos, even the Infinity."

"So, your Innate Ability has the potential to reach its full grade once you use the right heritage to improve it. An E-Rank can reach S-Rank while A-Rank can even reach S-Rank. For instance, my Storm Dragon Blood transforms my bloodline into the bloodline of the dragon."

"If I can find a dragon race inheritance, I can easily accept it with my Innate Ability. And if that inheritance has stronger talent than mine, I can improve my Innate Ability Rank. Of course, this practical but very hard."

"After all, in this endless cosmos, we are very weak. So, now do you understand why King's Academy invited you? Your case was similar to him. That man is complete monster. With his fist he has shattered the asteroids many times."

"His strength is top-notch but he had to suffer a lot because no one knew about his weirdness. That might be the reason why he recruited you. It seems he wanted to completely awaken your talent from the start."

"Of course, you have to remember if your situation is different than him and if you are an E-Rank for real, they won't hesitate to turn the cold shoulder on you. So, don't get your hopes up!" Sighing with helplessness, she explained everything without taking a slight break. Lucas and Mike also didn't disturb her, quietly listening to each of her words.

Mike was silent all the time especially when he heard her last words. He didn't know what to feel. If he had no system, he might be overjoyed or extremely nervous, but he maintained to remain calm due to the existence of the system.

'Indeed, it doesn't matter where my condition is the same as him. As long as I can reach that requirement, I can awaken my unique talent.' Muttering in his heart, a determination flashed in his eyes.

"Alright, Lauren, I won't get my hopes up." But the next moment, that determination disappeared from his eyes and a calm look appeared on his face. He nodded his head and replied.

"Lucas, I have to go home now. Aunt must be really worried." Although he said he will call her mom, the habit was hard to change at once. He called her aunt then realized his mistake but didn't correct it.

"Alright, I'll send him home." Just when Lucas was about to speak, Lauren nodded her head and spoke while looking at Lucas.

With his sister's words, Lucas could only nod his head and looked at the back of Lauren and Mike. Lauren was a little short, only two or three inches shorter than Mike.

After they walked out of the house, the outside was dark. Only a few street lights were on, making it easier to walk.

"Mike, are you going to ignore me?" After an awkward silence for two minutes of walking, Lauren asked.

"Lauren, what ar...…"

"Ummmm" But before he could say anything, his lips were covered by hers. For a moment, his eyes were about to pop out but remembering this wasn't the first time, he only struggled to break free. But her hands were around his neck, holding him tightly.

'Fuck! I don't want to die. Stop! Someone stop her!' In his heart, Mike began to cry. There was a powerful aura that was completely locking onto him, not letting him move a single inch.

After their lips touched each other for a moment, Lauren sneaked her tongue inside his mouth. Her tongue was extremely fast, looking at a single opportunity, to move inside his mouth.

"Ummm" Suddenly, a soft moan came out of his mouth when her tongue played around his tongue. It was slippery, moving around with a soft sensation that made Mike moan.

'Fuck! Am I moaning here?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Stop! Lauren, I am not ready yet." After she let go of Mike's lips, he pushed her back and broke free of her embrace. Fortunately, Lauren never used her strength when he pushed her back.

"Come on! Don't be girly. Who are you trying to fool?" Glancing at Mike's little brother, she spoke with disdain as she moved closer to him.

"I am not being girly. Listen up! If I get in that kind of relationship with you, I'll die. At least for now!" Instead of waiting for her to make her move, Mike grabbed her shoulder and shouted at her face. Finally, a red glow appeared on his face as he bowed down his head and said "And I've already accepted you."

"Really?" Lauren was shocked by his domineering attitude for a moment. After she heard his last words, she pulled him in her embrace and lifted him in the air like lifting a baby.

"Hey, I am not a baby. How come you treat me like a toy every single time?" Mike looked at her face and shouted with embarrassment.

"Hehe! I thought you were ignoring me. Now that I know you love me, I'll definitely wait for you." As she placed Mike down, she giggled with a beautiful smile on her face.

"Alright! I should go now." Mike tried to escape because his little brother had no intention of staying silent. Even he felt it was getting harder to control himself. At this moment, he really needs to run away.

"Wait!" When Mike turned his head to another side, she called. After she called him, he turned the back. But he was greeted by another of her sneak attack. Her lips tightly locked at his lips as she sucked his tongue inside her.

This time Mike didn't resist but he was still shaking with fear. If he loses control now, it would be really bad. He looked down on something and ran away giving him a meaningful smile.

"Hoh!" Suddenly, a chill went down his spine as he took a deep breath. He was really at the end of the road. If he proceeds any further, he would die, if he doesn't, he was feeling down.

'Is this how a girl feels when her boyfriend forces for the first time?' "Slam" Just after thinking these words, he slapped his own face and muttered "How could I even try to compare? My life depends on my virginity. Man! This sure sucks."

With a long face, he walked towards his home. But suddenly a panel appeared in front of him. And the contents on the panel shocked him.

"Hidden Quests- Locked (Please become a man)

"Holy Fuck! Did you just get hacked, system?" Mike couldn't help but ask. Unfortunately, he didn't any reply as usual but he did get a slight reminder.

"Slight Reminder: Hidden Quests are extremely rewarded but they are also unique. Since these quests are common...….hidden, it depends upon Host's luck to access one."

"By the way, open my status" While walking on the street, he commanded.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Beginner Mode

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+5 STR), Fire Element

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-1)

STR: 13 (Divine Sun Body +5)

AGI: 6

INT: 5

STM: 2.2

DEF: 10 (Divine Sun Body +5)

Unique Ability- Yet to awaken

Conditions to awaken: All attributes 20

Skills- None

Yin-Yang Partners- Yet to achieve

Stats Points: 5

System Points: 8

Inventory- Free Skill Card

"Holy Hell! My stats changed so much! And, did I just get a physique? What kind of physique is this? My strength improved so much. But the system, why did you hide the quest description?"

"Slight Reminder: Please be a man and proceed"

"What do you mean by be a man and proceed? For your information, I am eighteen." Mike shouted with anger flashing in his eyes. But he soon calmed down because he didn't get a system reply.

'I shouldn't bother thinking about the quest. Instead, I should be thinking about rewards.' Mike fell in silence and thought for a while.

"I have five free stat points. As long as I use them wisely, I should be able to lessen the distance between these stats. Let's think about distribution."

"Agility, Intelligence, and Stamina, two of these stats are related with physical strength while intelligence is related with ability energy. Through cultivation, my physical strength is sure to improve, more importantly, I can create a movement style which can aid to my agility."

"So, I don't need to add stats points to my agility. That makes, intelligence and stamina remain. For a short run, I think I would rely on my brute strength and do not expose my fire element. That means intelligence won't be much of an effect except improving the quality and quantity of my innate ability."

"On another hand, I desperately need stamina especially to complete my daily quests with ease. The number can vastly affect certain areas. I wonder what would happen if I make stamina and intelligence almost equal."

"Each stat has a different number when it comes to a normal adult person and seems to be measured based on a certain comparison. Although stamina seems lowest, considering the difference in stats, it should be equal to my defense, if they are measure with equal rate."

"But that would be impossible since each stat has its own respective function. So what should I do?" Closing his eyes and putting his hands on the back of his head, he kept thinking while walking.

"System put four stat points to stamina and one to intelligence!" After thinking for two minutes, Mike finally decided to go with his previous thoughts. Suddenly, he felt a powerful burst of energy. It might be because of the kiss, he actually didn't feel anything when his strength and other things improved.

After all these hours of thinking, he finally came to a conclusion when he reached in front of his house gate.

STR (Strength) - It was a pure form of his attack power. Whenever he launches an attack, he uses his muscles, skin, and bones to their fullest extent to create an impactful attack which would be his STR. It depends upon his own physical condition. STR and AGI overlap each other whenever he attacks.

AGI (Agility) – It was the pure form of his reflexes and speed. It depends upon his legs and brain. His agility was determined by how much faster his brain can work under several abnormal conditions and how fast his legs can run. STR and AGI overlap each other when it comes to speed rather than reflexes.

INT (Intelligence) – It was the pure form of ability energy and mental strength. With higher INT, he can memorize many things while creating something on his own. At the same time, the quality and quantity of ability within a rank would be determined by INT. After all, even in the same rank, there are several high-quality abilities and low-quality abilities.

STM (Stamina) – It was a pure form of mental and physical endurance. A person can be exhausted mentally by using ability and also physically while fighting. Stamina is one of the main factors for all kinds of Innate Abilities.

DEF (Defense) – It was the pure form of physical endurance. However, it is different from Stamina. While Stamina was a physical endurance against exhaustion, the defense was a physical endurance against heavy attacks. A body strong enough to block bullets and swords, defense makes a person invincible.

This was his normal way of interpreting his stats. So when his stamina improved, he felt a qualitative leap in his endurance against the exhaustion.

"Mike!!!" Just when he opened the door, he saw a figure standing in front of him with an angry expression. Suddenly, he closed his eyes and opened them again. The next moment, he kneeled on the ground and said "Mom! I'm really sorry. I forget to inform you."

He touched the ground with his head, showing his guilt. At this moment, he could feel the chill coming out of her body. He shuddered just by the aura alone. He didn't look up until he heard her words.

"Get up! I'll heat the food." Saying so, his mom walked towards the kitchen. Just when Mike was about to sigh, his mom glared from the kitchen door and snorted "And, wash that lipstick from your mouth. I need a son with a clear gender."

'Oh shit! I forget to wipe it away.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After dinner, Mike laid on the bed and quickly fell asleep.

The next morning, he woke up and the first thing he did was something he needs a finish in his toilet. Well, he didn't jerk, it's just morning routine. But after breakfast, he said looked at the parcel that has been received this morning.

This parcel was from Hunter Guild. He brought the parcel back to his room after telling his mom about the parcel.

The parcel wasn't that big. But he was very much excited to open the parcel. After he opened it, the first thing he saw was a helmet. This helmet was spherical and had no colorful features to it. But it had different energy sources that even he could feel from outside.

Although everything was fine, this helmet made him dispirited. It was so much like a helmet of a bike. Ascension to Godhood had different features than just a game. It was a completely different dimension where a person can enter with his main body.

It is not a game where you can die and resurrect while losing few levels, here you die then you die. A person can't be resurrected at least he hasn't anyone returning after dying inside the game. But this game has a unique feature. It can create a clone that is the same as the main body over everything including, feelings and emotions.

But it can't hold the superpower or innate ability. Once the main body dies inside the game, the clone will inherit everything from him and live like a normal human. Sadly but it's true, this wasn't the virtual game where a person can die and get resurrected.

After he settled everything, he picked up the helmet and laid on the bed while wearing the helmet on his head. Suddenly, everything in front of him turned black for a moment. After the darkness, light glowed and Mike found himself in a white room.

But he wasn't alone. There was a girl, a beautiful girl in front of him. She was floating just like him. Her face was whitish with a luster of pink. She had gorgeous crystal black pupils with black hair falling down her shoulder.

She was wearing sexy tight pants and a jacket which was completely odd for his imagination. She opened her rosy lips "Hello Hunter! My name is Natasha and I'm your guide. Here, I will take your time and explain everything you need to know about Ascension to Godhood."

"As you already know, Ascension to Godhood is a virtual reality world that was created to hold the monsters that try to invade the earth. It is a very special world but also very much limited. So, we need hunters that are willing to risk their lives to kill the monsters and decrease their numbers."

"For your hard work, you will be given experience points aka EXP and bronze coins. But this is not a completely virtual world. Here, people will die. But in the recent decade, humanity has created a new feature for Ascension to Godhood."

"To make it more like a game, creators have included NPC system. This means when a person dies, his soul will transform into a new body and live within the game. NPC is the person from your world but they can not return."

"Their main job is to defend against those monsters. They get resurrected with their previous strength and kill more monsters before dying again. Of course, they get resurrected based on their kill."

"Once you enter the game, the helmet will regenerate a clone that would be no different than your body. So, even if you die, you can live as a clone with all of your memories and emotions. The only loss would be Innate Ability since it couldn't be replicated."

"Replication?" Mike suddenly spoke with disbelief on his face. He wanted to know how the system generates the clone and what is its limitations? But he didn't expect to hear replication.

"Yes, our technology has reached the point where we can replicate humans. And this replication will be a hundred percent similar for normal humans." Feeling his stimulated emotions, Natasha put on a genuine smile and answered.

"But we can't replicate mutated cells and so we can't create humans that can fight against the Alkiwon or any other races. Even our greatest technology does not affect the current stage of humanity. Maybe someday, we could create weapons that can save humanity but currently, we don't have much brainpower."

"Ascension to Godhood has a special feature to improve one's cultivation through constant fighting. In other words, you are improving your skills while improving your cultivation by killing monsters. But the reason why Ascension to Godhood is unique is because of its inheritance function."

"Once a monster dies, the hunter can inheritance if that monster has something good to inherit, slowly improving their talents."

"Now, would you like to enter the Ascension to Godhood?" With a smile, Natasha asked him.

Hearing her question, Mike didn't reply. For a moment, he was sunk in different thoughts. He got angry over the fact that they resurrect a dead person as an NPC to defend against the monsters. Of course, he had a calm mind so he understood this quickly.

This world can't hold a large number of monsters, so they need to be decreased. But a person won't ever return to the Ascension to Godhood after his death.

People fear death. Death is the most horrible expression that any creature could ever face. The fear of death pushes those monsters on the path of evolution. And same goes for humans. Everyone wants to live longer.

Even Mike fears death. This is why he hasn't done anything related to sex. Especially when he knows the most pleasurable thing is nothing but sex. Even knowing that he controlled himself because he fears death.

The fear of death was so strong for him that he didn't even dare to masturbate until he confirmed the truth. This was the fear, a fear of a person who has died once. So, he understands the feeling of people who dies in the game.

People are also selfish. A person saves his/her life first only then think about someone else. They are no superheroes, they are simple humans awakened with an innate ability. Nobody treasures other than themselves except the people most close to them.

If a person doesn't return and decides to stay at the home with his strength, monsters will get an edge. Even though his strength won't increase, he would be prioritized the safety of his people more than others.

That means he won't enter the virtual world rather wait until the monsters attack the earth. He would more willing to protect his family than others. This is why the most dangerous people in the world are leaders, qualified leaders to be exact.

In 21st century earth, there were many leaders in the past but only a few of them were remembered till now. There were few people how could convince their entire country to fight against the world. These leaders were the most feared ones, not because of their strength rather their power to command.

(PS: There are many leaders that I don't want to mention here but you can easily imagine them.)

Soldiers were ready to sacrifice themselves and their families to protect the law for that leader. But in his eyes, he completely disliked those people instead of fearing them. Why? He knows the people from the 21st-century earth have no superpower, if ten men work together, they can easily overthrow those leaders relying on their fist.

But nobody had courage. Of course, he didn't disdain them because people need to be bound by laws. Otherwise, humans won't be any different than monsters and animals. Even they non-hesitantly follow their leader.

This is why Mike was freakishly excited when he found he was reborn in this world. Although there were many restrictions, one quote was eternal 'Strength proves everything'. As long as he gets strong, he can do whatever he wants.

It's not that this world isn't bound by laws but if you are an emperor, except few restrictions, nothing can bind you. And if a person is even at the peak of Emperor Realm, nothing can rind him. More importantly, what he favors most was present here.

Adventure, not just the adventure within the earth but also the space adventure. This is why the anger in his heart calmed down very quickly. Mike understood they did everything to keep the balance in the world.

This earth had laws and it wasn't unruly like those cultivation worlds that he had read in novels. If all common people disappear, the balance will be shattered. If a company doesn't have any work other than the CEO, would it work?

If an academy doesn't have any students, would it run? No! There is a need for balance in everything and the creator of 'Ascension to Godhood' understood this truth. So, they developed such a function to keep the earth safe.

"Yes!" Finally, after thinking for a while, Mike nodded his head.

"Please write your name!" With Natasha's commands, a white keyboard appeared in front of him. Seeing the keyboard, Mike wrote his name.

"Good luck hunter! You can see your status by calling 'status' inside the game." With her words, Mike's vision blurred, finally falling into complete darkness. When he opened his eyes, the first thing he saw was a panel with few words written on it.

"Welcome to the City of Athens, Mike Tyson!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ohhh!" Seeing the words on the panel, Mike nodded his head and checked the surrounding. He found himself in the middle of the road. It was a small road in the middle of the ground. There were few trees around but nothing sort of a forest.

He glanced at tall walls covering surrounding thousands of meters in a circle. He decided to move towards those walls, thinking that would be the City of Athens. He was surprised to find that he was teleported outside the city instead of inside.

"Status!" At the same time, he called out for the status.

"Hunter- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- First Stage (Early State)

EXP- 0/100 (For level-up)

Wealth- Nil"

"Nothing else!" Mike was startled by such a short status. But he didn't prey to too much into the details. He simply ignored the status and moved towards the City of Athens. It took him two hours to reach the front of the City of Athens.

The walls were covering the city and few people were standing in front of the small gates. Glancing at them, he could feel the difference. And more importantly, there was a green arrow in their head. He didn't know whether he had it or not.

But everything was clear when he reached near the gate. The guards wearing silver armor saw his arrival and saluted "Welcome to the City of Athens, hunter!"

"Is this your first time here?" The silver armor guard asked with enthusiasm on his face. He was a normal middle-aged man with black hair and a black pupil.

"Yes!" Mike replied with a slight smile on his face.

"Would you like to register your identity?" The silver armor guard asked with a friendly smile.

"Yes!" Mike nodded his head and replied.

"Would you like to make a permanent registration or temporary?" The silver armor guard asked.

"Can you explain about these registrations?" Since Mike didn't have much knowledge, he thought asking him would be a good choice. After all, he doesn't want to be locked up in prison if he breaks any laws. But considering this world, there shouldn't be any kinds of laws like the laws on earth.

"Permanent Registration needs time to be completed and there are several pieces of information you must reveal. While temporary registration doesn't need any kind of information except the name. With permanent registration, you can enter any cities in the Divine Fire Continent."

"But with temporary registration, you can only enter one city. That same registration won't be another one. At the same time, you can use temporary registration to access many secrets of the city while you can do everything with permanent registration."

'Divine Fire Continent? Interesting! Does this mean there are many other continents in this world?' Mike understood the difference but his attention shifted towards something else. He thought this would be a normal vast land filled with thousands of dungeons but he seemed to be proven wrong.

"I would like to complete Permanent Registration." Mike didn't ask the guard anything about the Divine Fire Continent rather he chose to enter the city first. Only after registration, he could truly enter the city.

"Please come with me!" The guard in silver armor nodded his head and led him towards the small tent near the gate. After they reached in front of the tent, the silver armor guard entered the tent and came out with a black stone and golden pen.

He also took out a table and two chairs, where he and Mike sit opposite each other. The guard put the stone on the table and suddenly pressed his hand. Mysteriously that stone flattened by the press of his hand.

'Is that a stone?' Mike couldn't believe the scene in front of him and asked himself with some doubts on his mind.

"Your name?" The guard asked him with a mild tone while holding the golden pen in his right hand.

"Mike Tyson" Hearing his name, the guard wrote it on the black stone. When he write Mike's name, it was written in golden color, shining brightly.

"Age?"

"18"

"Superpower?"

"Brute Force"

"Cultivation?"

"Soldier Realm First Stage (Early)"

"Gender"

"…..Male"

"Blood Type?"

"A"

"Are you a virgin?"

"...….What kind of question is this?" Finally, Mike couldn't bear this question and shouted while standing up. He was embarrassed to answer it. His face turned red.

"It is indeed Virgin." The silver guard didn't care about his attitude and wrote the truth. He could see whether he was a virgin or not just from the glance.

"...…" Mike speechlessly sat down. He felt this process was a mess-up. He was asked everything and that even includes his grandfather's name. After ten minutes of the complete registration process, he was sent away with a tattoo imprint on his arm.

Of course, this tattoo can be hidden, and usually, it's hidden by the hunter. If he doesn't like wasting his time, he can directly enter the dungeon. But Mike still entered the city of Athens. Before he entered, he was given fifty bronze coins.

It was a kind of wealth system for most of the games where bronze coins were the lowest currency and gold coins were the highest. Here, thousand bronze coins were equal to a single silver coin and a thousand silver coins were equal to a single gold coin.

After passing through the gate, he felt he had come to a completely different world. It wasn't a modern rather an ancient designed city. NPC was everywhere and the same goes for hunters. There were many hunters and among them, everyone had a different outfit.

Their outfit was the same outfit they came in with. Mike was wearing loose pants and a red t-shirt. He walks while gazing everywhere. He noticed everything around him was just like the ancient worlds in those novels.

Rooftop buildings, small shops, people gossiping everywhere, and the city filled with noise. Mike wasn't interested in these things. He wasn't sure what he can buy with fifty bronze coins but when he heard the loud noises, he caught few things.

"Welcome! Welcome! Welcome! Buy two get one free offer for Health Potions only for twenty bronze coins."

"Welcome! Welcome! Welcome! Buy two get one free offer for Rage Potions only for twenty bronze coins."

"Welcome! Welcome! Welcome! F-Rank Fighting Arts only for twenty bronze coins."

Hearing these, he was slightly stunned. All of these people were NPC but looking at their enthusiasm, he felt he has come to a sales mall. Even so, not all players were buying. Some were poor, some weren't interested, only a few people were buying those.

Of course, he wasn't interested in buying those either. While strolling around, he saw a shop with a banner 'World Map'. Suddenly this gains his interest. Mike walked towards the shop and saw a short middle-aged man with a brown beard sitting on the chair.

"Do you have the map of this world?" Seeing the lazy shopkeeper, Mike started a conversation politely.

"Didn't you see the banner? You can all kinds of the map here." The shopkeeper's tone was a little grumpy but Mike didn't care. He looked around and saw the price list of the maps.

Map of Nine Continents- 100 Bronze Coins

Map of Divine Fire Continent – 50 Bronze Coins

Map of Yellow Dragon Mountain – 25 Bronze Coins

Map of Thunder King Plain – 25 Bronze Coins

Map of Demon Dog Forest – 25 Bronze Coins

Map of Ten Core Cities – 50 Bronze Coins

Map of Three Forbidden Dungeons – 200 Bronze Coins

Map of Azure Mountain Range – 500 Bronze Coins

(Note: The price are for the general maps. A detailed map will cost higher.)

"….Umm! Shopkeeper, among Yellow Dragon Mountain, Thunder King Plain, and Demon Dog Forest, which would be best for hunting monsters in the dungeons?" Mike couldn't decide directly, so he hesitates for a moment and finally asked the shopkeeper.

The shopkeeper looked at Mike from top to bottom making him embarrassed and finally said "You will die the moment you step on any of those."

"Ehhh!" Mike was surprised by his words. He didn't understand what he meant because his thoughts were a little different than reality.

"Monsters do not live inside the dungeon. They walk out and roam around these places. If you step on one of those places, they can instantly discover you and kill you." The shopkeeper stood up while explaining to him. He went a little back and grabbed two scrolls.

The shopkeeper walked in front of Mike and opened the scroll, saying "These two are the maps of Goblin Hunting Forest and Undead Forest. Total for these maps would cost you ten bronze coins."

Spreading his hand, he asked for money while passing the maps to him. He didn't even consider whether Mike would accept or not. Because he knew Mike would unless Mike is a complete idiot.

Mike was a little stunned by the shopkeeper's straight behavior, with an embarrassed face, he took out ten bronze coins. Each coin was the size of an inch in diameter. Taking those maps, he turned around and walked out. But suddenly, his movement stopped after hearing the shopkeeper's words.

"Don't venture too deep without raid party and proper strength! Although strength matters in this society, life matters more!"

His words left a deep impression on Mike's heart. Before Mike took a step further, he turned back and gave a slight bow. He doesn't care whether the shopkeeper was NPC or not, he only knows every novel has old or messy or grumpy or lazy people who might be one of the strongest people in the world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Whoosh" "Whoosh"

Inside the forest, there was a small road. On this road, a figure was rushing like a rabbit. It was none other than Mike. The ability energy condensed on his core was flowing to his legs, when brute force attribute was activated, his legs gain powerful strength.

Strength overlaps agility, with an immense muscle strength on his leg, he managed to leap over fifty meters on each stomp. Using his immense strength, he was pushing his legs against the ground while trying to comprehend a movement style for himself.

Unfortunately, he couldn't succeed and now he was wasting his ability energy. Though he can easily regenerate this energy, it will consume his stamina. But suspiciously, he hasn't seen a single green goblin after entering the Goblin Hunting Forest.

Suddenly, he stopped. In front of him, there was a large tree. There was a creature hanging on the branch of the tree with its hand. His gaze was nowhere but on that creature's ass.

"Red ass, monkey!" Mike lifted his hands and rubbed his eyes. When he opened them, he still saw red ass, but he didn't see a tail. So he tried to concentrate on its entire body rather than its ass. When he lifted his head and look clearly, he saw a greenback, with a strangely shaped head.

"Green goblins???"

Then, he again rubbed his eyes and opened them. Finally, his vision was completely clear when he saw the truth. In front of him, there was a goblin wearing a dress like a bikini, hanging out on the tree with the red ass.

"Red Ass Green Goblin????"

But it was still hard to believe. Mike thought 'How is their ass red? Wait??? Is it what I think it?'

Suddenly, anger flashed in his eyes. Especially when he remembered something that made his little brother excited in an instant. The brute force flow through his veins, reaching out his fist, as he rushed with a shout "Bitch! How dare you show your spanked ass in public?"

Although he knew that the goblin in front of him won't understand, he still shouted. How could he not shout in rage? He kept himself far away from porn, girls, hentai, for the entire sixteen years. Now, someone came in front of him showing their spanked ass on top of that, he was still a virgin.

But surprisingly, his anger wasn't on the female goblin in front of him. Instead, it was on the guy that spanked her so hard that he couldn't tell the difference whether she was a red-ass monkey or a goblin. But he had another emotion that was even greater than anger.

Jealous, he was jealous that goblin bastard could do such a thing while he couldn't. But when he rushed to punch the goblin, the goblin spun on the branch and jump high. But instead of running, she rushed towards him.

"Pow"

Her arrival startled him but he didn't back down. He smashed his fist towards her, but she spread her arm. And the moment his fist was about to hit her face, she caught his forearm with both of her hands. The next moment, something much unexpected happened.

"Ummmm"

The female goblin caught his hand, completely stopping the impact of his fist. Just when the cold sweat was about to drip down his forehead, she leaned closer to him and stick out her tongue. She looked at him with fierce lustful eyes, as she licked his fist with her pink tongue.

Her movement was so blissful, for a moment Mike moaned in pleasure. That soft and slippery tongue caught him off-guard. Suddenly, his own gaze turned lustful but soon he suppressed with his willpower. At the same time, the red flames burst out of fists.

"Boom"

These flames encircled his fist, rushing towards her tongue. When flames reach near, it exploded on her tongue. The impact of the explosion was very strong. It even caught Mike off-guard. Although the explosion didn't hurt him much, it did turned his hand black.

"Grrrr"

But Mike was startled when he saw the female goblin after the explosion. Her face was completely black. And it was her tongue that was bearing the most pain. Now, instead of lust, the anger flashes in her eyes.

"Roar" "Bang"

She clenched her fist, suddenly powerful energy burst out of it. Her movement was impactful, as she smashed her feet on the ground, creating a small hole, she rushed towards him. Her movement was not only fast but also very impactful. Her fist smashed on his forearm as he tried to block.

"Thud"

Although his defence was pretty strong, the power of her fist wasn't something he could block. His body was sent flying, as his body crashed on the tress and fell heavily on the ground. Although she was only an F-Rank Low-Tier monster, her speed and strength were equal to that of Soldier Realm- Third Stage.

'Damn! She was just playing with me. Her strength equal to Advanced Grade.' Except for the Peak-Tier, other tiers are divided into three grades; Basic, Intermediate, and Advanced.

Low-Tier Basic Grade would be equal to the first stage of the soldier realm, Low-Tier Intermediate Grade would be equal to the second stage while the advanced grade would be equal to the third stage.

'Escape! I must escape. There is no way I can fight someone like her. I am still a virgin, I can't die now.' There was no choice. Neither had he had the courage nor the strength to fight against her. Without waiting for a single moment, he pressed his foot hard on the ground while laying on the ground.

His chest was facing the ground, giving him the proper position to sprint.

"Whoosh" After he circulates brute force on his leg, his body sprint like a cheetah. While balancing his figure, he moved towards the path from where he came.

"Grrr… Grarw… Grarrrra" As if she was trying to say something like 'Do you think you can escape?', she rushed towards him. Her eyes were burning red with hatred. Three seconds later, she had already caught up to him.

"Bang" "Bang"

Her eyes suddenly turned at the tree nearby. She rushed towards the tree, jumping at it. Her feet pressed against the tree, as she bent her leg a little. With her powerful momentum, she flew towards Mike with a round kick. She also had a hole in that tree.

When she lifted her leg for a kick, Mike got a closer look at her panty. Although it wasn't completely visible, her black hair was visible.

'Shouldn't it be green hair?' The moment when her leg smashed on his face, this thought remained on his mind.

"Bang" "Crash" "Roll" "Bang" "Thud"

His body smashed by the kick rolled on the ground with each crash, more bruises covered his body. Finally, he collided against the tree and fell hard on the ground. But his defense was still powerful. When he landed hundreds of meters away, his body reacted with an instinct to run away.

'Damn! Work! This time it must work!' Mike screamed at his heart as he kicked the ground and rushed away with the body covered in blood and bruises. Although it was quite a shameful runaway, he had no chance to fight back.

"Slight reminder: User's free skill card is still unused!"

At this moment of life and death, this reminder made his world upside down. He couldn't believe that he forgot about the free skill card he got as a reward from the hidden quest. But he couldn't be blamed for this, Divine Sun Body was much more appealing than this.

'Use it! Use it now!' Mike screamed in his heart, hoping to get something he could use for. At this moment, few panels appeared in front of him. But he didn't care about that.

At this moment, he found he got an extra memory about a new skill. Just after understanding the basic concept of the skill, a large and creepy smile formed at his lips. Looking back, he found the female goblin was closing the distance very quick.

"Bang"

Mike's brute force entered his leg as he controlled it. The brute force instantly enhanced his right leg, pressing against the ground, he poured all of his strength over it. There was nothing unusual. It was just like the previous time but he used most of his ability energy over this push.

"Whoosh"

At this moment, his body sprints a hundred meters in a breath of time. While leaping so hard, he condensed the flames on both of his palms. The flame condensed like spiraling threads, condensing an unusual hole.

"Boom" "Inferno Boosters"

Suddenly, a large amount of ability energy condensed the flame inside that hole and erupted like the fire from thrusters of rockets. His body was already in the air with less friction when flames erupted, his body moved like a superfast bullet train.

In an instant, he covered the distance of thousand meters. At the same time, his body also came out of the forest. But he didn't stop. He knew monsters were lawless and they would definitely come out. Not to mention, his enemy was F-Rank Low-Tier Advanced-Grade Goblin.

"Grrrrrrr" When he moved very far, he could only hear the loud and angry scream of the goblin. Only then, he got a chance to look at the panels in front of him.

"...…."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the Goblin Hunting Forest,

"Whoosh" "Whoosh" "Whoosh"

In the middle of the forest, two boys were chasing a girl. Both boys were wearing loose trousers and a t-shirt while the girl was wearing tight jeans and a tank top. Boys had an evil grin on their face making an ugly laugh, they rushed towards the girl.

"Jenny, you can't run away. Give up! You have already taken the aphrodisiac. And you can't forcefully log out!"

In the game, you need to return to the city before logging out. It was the common rule of the game also the reason why this game had so many cities. Jenny gritted her teeth hatred flashing in her eyes. Ascension to Godhood might be an opportunity but it is also a curse for many people.

'Damn! If it wasn't for this aphrodisiac, I would've killed them.' Jenny thought with hatred in her heart. She was in the fourth stage of Soldier Realm while the boys chasing her were in the third stage. Although the difference is just a stage, her strength is capable of destroying them in thirty seconds, no more, no less.

This is why Mike didn't even hesitate for a second to escape from the goblin. While Jenny was running as hard as she could, she felt the enormous heatwave coming towards her.

"Boom" "Bang"

Suddenly, a person covered in blood pounced on her body. His head collided on her stomach, sending her flying but they didn't separate. Suddenly, the flames gushing out of his hand disappeared and their movement decreased. But they were already two hundred meters away.

"Thud "Smooch"

Suddenly, Jenny's leg stuck on the tree, causing them to somersault. Since the speed had decreased, they were naturally going to fall. But at this moment, the bloody boy fell at the bottom while Jenny was above him.

When he fell hard on the ground, his body reaction lifted his head, causing his lips to fall on her lips. At this moment, Jenny's first kiss was taken away by none other than Mike. At this moment, Jenny was bursting with killing intent. Fortunately, she didn't move after seeing him injured.

But at the same time, she frowns because her strength started fluctuating. Although she escaped some distance, it won't a minute before those boys reach here. Suddenly, she frowns even more because even till now, her lips haven't been removed from his lips.

Mike's head was already laying on the ground which meant, it was her head that got closer to him. Thinking of this, a slight blush appeared on her face. If it wasn't for some bloodstain and sweat, her blush would break the heart of thousand men.

"Bang" "Bang"

Suddenly, two bodies smashed near her with great force. The trees tumbled, leaves fell, and the dust rose. At the same time, Jenny forcefully separated her mouth from Mike's.

She turned left and right to see what was going on but the next moment, her eyes widened. Two boys were in a bloody state like Mike. The strength of these boys wasn't low. They were at the third stage early level but now they were beaten to this state within a minute time.

Her eyes narrowed as she glanced at the front. In front of her, a green goblin wearing a bikini and a very small panty appeared. She had a lewd face that made her green face uglier. Her gaze was stagnant at Mike for a while.

Until a powerful aura swept out of Jenny. At this moment, the effect of an aphrodisiac was completely removed or rather transferred into someone else.

"Slight Reminder: Any physical contact with Aphrodisiac would instantly turn on the Yin-Yang Madness. In this state, the user's aura will have twice the effect of Aphrodisiac around him." Unfortunately, Mike wasn't in the state to see this. Although he wasn't completely unconscious, he couldn't move an inch.

Though he could feel his whole body burning hot. He couldn't open his eyes but he could still think. From that soft lips, he could feel a powerful energy-sucking into his own body.

He wasn't stupid. That energy was turning on his body, slowly raging his inner desires. If it was another girl or a girl who is weaker than him, he would've started crying. He didn't want to die because of sex.

But he could feel Jenny's strength was strong, very strong compared to the goblin. So, he is nothing but an ant in front of her. For the first time, he was proud of not having strength. Because even if he tries to push her under the bush, he doesn't strength to do.

In many novels he has read, these types of things are very common. And for the main character, it is kind of a fortune and misfortune. It was a fortune for him because that girl would be heavenly beauty, giving him immense pleasure.

It would be his misfortune because beauty attracts trouble. Mike fears death more than anything else and so he pinning his hope on Jenny to save him.

For a moment, nothing was changed inside Mike, so Jenny naturally didn't care. The dark purple gas shrouded around Jenny.

"Dark Element Sword Style- Phantom Strike"

From the very start, Jenny didn't hesitate to go all out. The reason was pretty simple. Currently, Mike was in a critical situation. Although she doesn't know how the effect went out, she could guess it was due to the kiss.

And hence, she was grateful to Mike.

The dark purple gas turned into the spiral threads that revolved around her. These threads stopped revolving and condensed into a long dark purple sword. She warped her five fingers around its dark hilt and pressed her right foot on the ground.

"Crack" "Whoosh"

On the solid grassland, a small crater was formed as she dashed towards the goblin with the speed almost the same as a bullet from a pistol. When she reached in front of the goblin, her sword stabbed forward. But that sword pierced nothing but air. That goblin suddenly disappeared.

She didn't turn invisible rather her body moved very fast. Her speed caught Jenny by surprise. Turning her head, she tried to find her but couldn't.

"Damn! It must be Bloodline Ability."

The goblin had already left. She didn't want to fight her especially when there was a huge difference in their strength. Using the bloodline ability was the best chance to escape for her. Unlike humans, monsters have bloodlines, they cultivate based on their bloodlines.

Of course, humans can also access bloodline, but it would be acquired bloodline. Just like innate ability, bloodlines are divided into innate and acquired. Of course, there can be some cases of beauty and a beast or beast and a handsome.

Bloodline abilities are very rare especially among lower races like goblins. Naturally, Jenny knows why that goblin could escape. Goblins are born for their speed, they might be one of the fastest races in the world and with their bloodline abilities, they are almost invincible on escaping.

After that goblin escaped, Jenny walked near those boys. Although they were unconscious, they weren't truly dead. The dark purple sword on her hand swung twice and blood spills on the ground.

If Mike could open his eyes, he would have been scared to death. Although he knew she would be cold and ruthless, this was still too much for his soft heart. But Jenny wasn't ruthless to everyone. After killing them, she walked near Mike and took out a potion from her inventory.

Normally, the game does provide inventory and you can even bring things in and out of the game. This potion was yellow knowing as Healing Potion. She opened the lid and slid it inside his mouth. She didn't know Mike was conscious but when she was feeding him the healing potion, she felt a burning heat from her soul.

If the previous aphrodisiac was turning her slowly, then the aura around Mike turned her on in an instant. While she felt burning heat, she slowly began to take down his clothes.

'Wait, what am I doing?' But while she removed his upper body clothes, she stopped herself gaining a little more consciousness. Her face turned red when she thought more and try to convince herself.

'I am just trying to check his injuries. Although healing can heal injuries fast, there might be some hidden injuries.'

Convincing, herself she zipped down his pant and slowly pulled them down. At this moment, her face turning lewder and lewder accompanied by her action. At this moment, Mike was feeling something. The worst-case scenario for mike was ongoing while he couldn't move his body.

But it wasn't just her, slowly he was also drowning in heat. When she stiffly removed his underwear, the first thought that came to her mind was something that would be made Mike mad.

'Does this guy has a limp dick? Even the hair near my cave is longer than this.'

Then the next moment, she slapped her face and thought 'Oh shit! How could I think something so immoral?' Although she was trying to convince herself, she quietly pulled her pants and looked inside murmuring "I must trim them after returning home."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Extreme R-18 (Please read if you are sure)

.....

"Umm," Jenny slowly warped her hand around his little brother, thinking if she could excite him. But she didn't know, it would not only excite him but also break the limit of excitement. Giving his little brother a single stroke, she found its size increased by an inch.

'Stop! Please stop! Please! I don't want to die. I really don't want a shameful death.' of death. He is a normal person with normal willpower. He fears death just like any other but that doesn't mean he would send himself to death.

He entered the Goblin Hunting Forest because the lowest-level monsters live here. Since he had both brute force and fire element, he thought he could at least level up once but who knew this luck would be so terrible.

'Wasn't I suppose to have better luck? Aren't I unique? Shouldn't I attract good luck? So why did I encounter such a powerful goblin my first time? And why did that goblin has to be a female?' Mike cursed his rotten luck. Although he doesn't consider himself to have better luck, not before awakening, his luck wasn't particularly bad.

So, after awakening, he suddenly found he was unique and thought he had a bit of better luck. But he didn't expect to face such a powerful beast in his first time.

"Umm" Suddenly, a moan came out of his mouth. At this moment, he could feel his little brother stretching high, like a tower touching the sky, or rather a pink cave. Jenny looked at the ten inches long little brother with disbelief in her eyes.

Its size was very small so she called it limp dick. But now she found it wasn't. It was better than those dicks in porn. Of course, she didn't know its true size was short. It only grew this long because of the effect of Yin-Yang Madness.

Yin-Yang Madness- In this state, he can move, he thinks, he can do everything but he can't stop himself from having sex. While in this state, he won't be truly mad like a killer but if he finds the woman in front of him, he would part of this state was its aura. The aura spreading out of his body can completely affect women's minds, turning them into pure slut. And the same thing was happening with Jenny. Her pussy was drenching wet as she felt the burning heat on her chest.

"Slurp"

But she didn't immediately move to the climax instead she slowly touched the tip of his little brother with her tongue, circling her tongue around it. Suddenly, she felt a palm covering her head, pushing her down. With a sudden attack, her mouth swallowed his little brother.

As the pupil moved up, her eyes blurred and her expression turned extremely lewd while giving immense pleasure to Mike. But at this moment, Mike was conflicting with himself.

'Please stop! Brother body, if you continue, we both die. You can't live without me and I can't live without you. Just once, please stop!'

'Just let go for this time, I promise I will work hard to create the harem of three thousand women to satisfy you. Brother body, please stop!'

No matter how much he tries to control his body, he couldn't succeed. At this moment, he felt his brain was complete since it couldn't even control his own body. He wasn't completely scared of death. But he was scared to die because of sex.

Isn't that the most humiliating thing for men? Even seventy-year-old grandpa kicks his little brother inside twenty years old girl for pleasure and makes her cum. But he, even if he can make a girl cum, what's the point if he is going to die?

This is why he was scared of death. He wasn't scared of fighting and dying. But when he died previously, he died after ejaculation due to a heart attack. Normal thinking, 'damn that twenty-one-year-old adult dead during sex.'

No one will include ejaculation, no one will include heart attack. Disgrace and humiliation even after death, shame for his family. Even though he is an educated person, he is also a socialized person. He knows how society will perceive him.

But no matter how much he tries, he couldn't control his body. After his hand pushed her down, she began to suck on his little brother rapidly. Her breathing was increasing as she sucks more and more.

"Opp"

Until a huge burst of white liquid came out of his little brother. Surprisingly, Jenny didn't let go of a single dropout. She swallowed every drop from his little brother as if she was swallowing something very precious to her.

"What?"

Suddenly, Jenny felt the hands catching her waist and lifting her. But Jenny wasn't in the state to resist. She was in the same condition as Mike. After Mike lifts her, he puts her on the ground and moved above her.

His little brother was still standing. Slowly he moved his hands parallel to her ears and adjusted herself. Mike didn't put it in, instead played around her cave. At this moment, his real thoughts were still shouting 'Stop! No, more further! I will die.'

If he could control a little bit of his body, then the first thing coming out would be tears.

"Insert it, fast!" Jenny's breath turned hot as she spoke with intense lust in her eyes. At this moment, she completely changed herself and began enjoying the most pleasurable moment. She was completely infuriated by Mike's playing around her cave, not putting it in.

"Ahhhhh!

The moment, he pierced his little brother inside, a loud moan of pain and pleasure rang inside the forest. If people were passing by, they would've been shocked by her expression. Her mouth was wide open as her pupils were up, blurring her vision with intensity.

'I am so dead.' Mike thought as his body banged her second time, the blood gushed out. It turns out she was a virgin just like he was. Mike could see this, especially after his body entertain-Yang Madness state. But seeing her lustful and lewd expression, he thought 'Mom, I didn't get a chance to say this. But I never treated you as my aunt. Even if you aren't my real mom, I always treated you like one.'

'Fortunately, I have no porn videos on my computer or any porn magazines hidden in my room. Except for mom, I don't think some people would be truly sad because of me. I don't even know Lauren's feelings for me are true or not.'

'Thank god, in both life, I am not dying a virgin. Since, I am going to die, let me enjoy this to the fullest.' After accepting the reality, his sad mood slowly changed with the mood of pleasure. Now his body and mind were completely focused, he didn't stay in the same position.

Naturally, he couldn't stop it either even though he took out his little brother for a while. He laid down on his back, giving her the expression to continue. At this moment, Jenny who was completely drowned in pleasure didn't think much.

She moved above him, spread her legs, she caught his little brother by her right hand. Her pink cave covered with long bushes was in front of his eyes. She carefully held his little brother and put it inside her pink cave.

"Ahhh"

The moment she pushed herself down, his little brother directly hits her womb. At this moment, the white liquid gushed out of her cave, smoothing the surface inside the cave and little brother.

"Bam" "Bam" "Bam" "Bam"

Filled with pleasure, Jenny kept pounding her hips down and up. Suddenly, Mike lifted his head and leaned near her. Just like Jenny, he could speak since he has already poured his body and soul into it. Leaning closer to her, he spoke "Stick your tongue out!"

Just like he said, Jenny leaned closer to him and her pink tongue moved out of her mouth. Mike wasn't a professional kisser but at this moment, both stick their tongue out and played, while Mike's little brother kept banging her.

At this moment, Mike noticed something different. With each stroke, an enormous amount of energy was entering his body. In his previous life, he couldn't feel it correctly. He thought it was just the heat in pleasure.

But now, he could identify, it was an immense amount of energy that was transforming his body. But the amount of energy increases with each stroke making it hard to contain within his body. His blood was trembling the effect was dozen times greater than in previous life.

He only had one theory for this. The strength of the woman was the main reason behind such massive energy. After stroking many times inside her, he caught her waist and pushed his hips, releasing his white stuff in an enormous amount.

His semen directly poured inside her and filled her womb. At the same time, it seems she had already lost her mind by the last pounding in pleasure. But Mike had a different condition. His mood worsened as he murmured "Fuck! I am so dead."

With the massive amount of energy inside his body, he knew he had no chance to survive. Until a ray of hope appeared.

"....."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hidden Quest- Have sex with a virgin

Description- Breaking the virginity of a woman is the greatest pleasure for a man. You are the first man to touch her, so embrace her, and take her down, so never let her go.

Rewards: Evolution Stone*1, 5 System Points, and 5 Stat Points"

"Hidden Quest- Break your virginity

Description- As a user of the Yin-Yang Harmony System, how can you remain a virgin? Even if it costs your life, you must break your virginity before dying. At least, you will die but dying with pleasure.

Reward- 10 Stat Points, 10 System Points, Chaotic Path towards Harmony Art (1st Volume) and Howling Tiger Spear"

"…Dying with pleasure. So, I will die huh!" At this moment, the energy inside his body burst like a volcano, tearing his muscles and skin, breaking a bone.

"Would you like to use Evolution Stone to evolve Divine Sun Body?"

"Huh?" But Mike couldn't feel the pain. He was completely silent because he had already accepted his fate. He doesn't have very powerful willpower but he didn't pain any pain in his body. Even though his body was breaking apart.

But when he saw the panel in front of him, as if he has seen the hope. At this moment, he acts as a normal person would do. He saw the hope, a hope that his Divine Sun Body evolution would absorb these energies and stop his body from breaking apart.

"Yes" Without any hesitation, he answered. Suddenly, at this moment his body trembled with heat. The surrounding near him was affected by the heat radiant by him. Suddenly his eyeballs moved as he saw Jenny unconscious.

"I must move." He doesn't know the consequences of this evolution. But he knows the heat radiating from his body could kill her. But his muscles were torn and the bones were broken. He couldn't stand up, so the only choice for him was to roll.

"Ugh" Even though he didn't feel pain while his body was broken, he started feeling pain when his body rolled on the ground with torn muscles and skin. Now, Mike confirmed the energy inside his body. This energy was formed while having pleasure, not pain.

So even if his body was torn apart, it was saturated with this energy, so he didn't feel any pain. But when his body rubbed against the ground, his torn muscles were scratching against it, making him feel immense pain.

After a minute of rolling, he reached somewhere a little far away from her. At the same time, he felt his body was going under a powerful transformation while the energy inside of him was consumed rapidly. The amount of consumption was very huge.

"Temporary Effect- Extreme Energy Consumption"

At this moment, the image of the hidden quest panel appeared on his mind as he remembered the reason behind such a huge consumption. Divine Sun Body was supposed to be a divine body but its power was very much lacking.

Now, he understands why? His Divine Sun Body was only Rank-1 and needs to evolve into a higher rank. While going through an evolution, his body needs a massive amount of energy. Only then, it can truly improve.

While his Divine Sun Body was improving, he felt a new change in his body. He had previously felt this. At this moment, he understood something about Yin and Yang. As a traveler, he has read many cultivation novels and has a basic understanding of Yin and Yang.

So, when he felt two different kinds of energy colliding against each other, he found the overlord of energy was caused by the collision between these two. It's like a nuclear fission reaction where two different particles collide and create a massive amount of energy.

Here, two energies were colliding to create a massive amount of energy. But the next moment, another panel appeared in front of his eyes.

"Would like to learn 'Chaotic Path towards the Harmony Art' 1st Volume?"

Although Mike was in a state of confusion, he directly answered "Yes". Why? He knows the system won't play with him. The system was only helping in his extreme conditions. After all, he didn't know about the evolution stone nor anything about the 'Chaotic Path towards the Harmony'.

Of course, he had no other option than to trust his system. At this moment, a piece of new information was born in his brain. It felt like memory transfer but it was just more than that. He not only inherited the memories but also the experience.

"Chaotic Path towards the Harmony"

"First Path- Birth of Chaos"

"Everything has two aspects even the void is the same. If one is negative, then the other is positive. If one is light, then the other is darkness. If one is yin, then the other is yang. When Yin and Yang emerge out of nothingness, they collided. Bearing completely different attributes, they couldn't co-exist."

"But soon, the third existence was given the birth from nothingness. It was Dao. Dao is Path and Path is Dao. When Dao was born, it creates a new path for Yin and Yang. Synchronization of two different attributes was almost impossible. Only if the new path was created for them."

"This path was the path towards the Harmony. But Harmony needs chaos, only destruction is the path towards rebirth. Chaos is the most overbearing energy between heaven and earth. Synchronize Yin and Yang through Harmony and give birth to the Chaos."

At this moment, those two energies began to revolve around each other. A strong gravitational force was formed between these two energies, forcing them to merge. But it can't be forcefully merged, only when Yin and Yang are in a perfectly harmonious state, they can be synchronized.

Suddenly, Mike felt he could see everything inside his body. But his eyes were only focused on black and white light. These were the Yin and Yang energies. They slowly synchronize when the white and black energy touched each other in the very middle of a spiral diagram.

'Tai-chi Diagram'

Mike knew the existence of Tai-chi, it is the greatest symbol of Taoism and the symbol of Yin and Yang. Back on earth, his favorite animal was a panda. And he knows what panda represents. It presents the peace and coexisting of good and evil, light and darkness, yin and yang.

When the diagram was formed, it bursts a powerful explosion of energy inside his body. But this time, very overbearing energy was burst out. This energy was profound. It was a hundred times better than brute force.

But suddenly, a notification startled him. This time, he heard the true sound of notification.

"Ding"

"Would you like to awaken the unique talent?"

'What? Have I already reached the condition? No way, right? But the system shouldn't lie.' This notification made him confused. He didn't think he would complete that condition so quickly. It has only been the second day since he has awakened the system.

'Could it be my assumptions were wrong? Am I a son of destiny or what? So, my collision with a female goblin, meeting this lady and having sex with her was not my rotten luck.'

At this moment, happiness flash in his eyes. Having power might be good but having good luck is better. After all, if his luck is really good then he might not even need to bring those potions while traveling.

'No, no, I not going to float. I must buy some potions before entering this forest again. But for now, let's see if I can truly awaken my unique talent.' Shaking his head, he finally forgets about everything else focus on the sole panel in front of him.

"It doesn't matter. At least, I am not going to die."

"Awaken"

When the word was spoken, his body burst a massive wave of energy that blasted everything within thirty meters. Fortunately, Jenny's body was fifty meters away. With an explosion of energy, his body went through a rapid transformation followed by the screams of pain.

"Ahhhhhh" Mike whose willpower wasn't strong directly lost his consciousness after his first scream. The pain of transformation wasn't something he could bear. At this moment, the chaotic energy inside his body was awakening the beast.

'Yin and yang give birth to chaos, chaos forms a creature. This creature was known as Pioneer. He created the universe, he created laws, he created other creatures, and everything was born from him. He is the god of the gods, he is immortal, and he bears the body of Chaos.'

'Pioneer Body, power of creation, when it awakens the universe shall tremble. Pioneer is the existence that no one can reach, no one can kill, no one can surpass, if he is second, then no one shall be first. Bear the power of creation, bear the body of Pioneer, and create the myths and legends.'

'Yours is Yang, find the Yins, make heaven your wife and earth your concubine. Who said the dragon must leave the pond and soar towards the sky? A dragon's home is a cave and it shall always be.'

When his mind was unconscious, many words rang on his brain. These words felt like the words of an immortal cultivator. But in the world of superheroes, does immortality exists?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Extreme R-18 (Please read with cautious)

"Umm!" Mike opened his eyes but his eyes were still burly and red. He felt he needed more sleep. But something inside of him twitching a lot. Just when he lifted his head a little, he tried to open his eyes clearly and look.

But when he really watched the scene in front of him. He immediately closed his eyes and went back to sleep. Although he couldn't sleep, he kept murmuring "Relax Mike! Take a breath, this is just an illusion. There is no way you can get a blowjob the moment you woke up. This is just a dream, Mike, sleep and ... Fuck! I can't dream without sleep."

No matter how much he tries to deny, he can't deny the immense pleasure that he was getting. He took a deep breath, lifted his head, and slowly opened his eyes. The first thing he saw was a girl, no the beautiful girl sucking on his little brother as if she was sucking a lollipop.

"Holy Fuck! What are you doing?" Finally, he couldn't deny the fact it wasn't a dream. But he was surprised that the girl was still sucking his little brother instead of killing him. And her face was freaking lewd.

"Slurp" Suddenly, with a slurping sound, his attention shifted towards his own little brother. The next moment, he shouted "Fuck! Whose dick is this?" At this moment, he didn't know whether to sigh with happiness or sadness.

He was getting a blowjob by an unknown girl whom he fucked up pretty much a few hours ago. And both of them didn't even know each other. More importantly, his little brother's size was nearly nine inches. It was so big that Mike didn't believe it belongs to himself, at first sight.

"Tap"

Suddenly, a sound distracted him. He saw the pink cave of Jenny drenched wet. Her liquid was dripping down her cave. And only then he noticed Jenny was completely naked in front of him. That milky skin, slender body, drenched pussy, and big mountains.

At this moment, the fire glowed in his eyes. Now, he could no longer control himself. Till this date, he was suppressing his inner desires, from this life and from his previous life just so that he won't die. But now, he longer has to worry about that.

He was free, he was finally free and no longer need to suppress all that desire. At this moment, he lifted his hand and pressed her head deep. His little brother made its way to her throat, making it hard to breathe, almost making tears come out of her eyes.

But she didn't care especially when she heard his words.

"I'm cumming" At this moment, her eyes brightened with excitement. While her mouth was completely filled, she still got a chance to move her tongue. Her tongue moved around his little brother exciting it even more.

"Whoosh"

Suddenly, a massive load came out of his little brother, filling her mouth. At this moment, her mouth was completely full but except few drops, she didn't let a single drop out. The next moment, she swallowed all that cum into her stomach.

She knew what has happened to her. Now, it was not just lust that was making her do all this. Rather a pure interest and advantage. Also, she felt like she was falling for him, or rather his little brother.

But Mike didn't care about it. The moment he removed his little brother from her mouth, he caught her and moved her into the bed. He moved above her and slowly move his hands around her mountain peak. His hand barely covered her entire breast.

"Ummm" "Ahh"

He squeezed it few times until he used his mouth to suck on those nipples of hers. His mouth was slowly devouring those hard nipples, making her moan even harder. Originally, Mike didn't want to hurry but Jenny kept pestering him with her words.

"Can you put it in? My pussy is starving. Hurry and put it in!"

"Ahymm"

Suddenly, Mike blocked her mouth with his own. His sudden move startled her. But soon he removed his lips, and whispered: "Do you think I'll run away?"

Seeing her behavior, he instantly understood her psychology and he was a little proud of it. He found this girl was completely conquered by him or his little brother but she feared he will leave soon. This is why she wanted to reach climax as much as she can.

Hearing his words, she didn't know why but the tears fell down her cheeks. She spread her arms and wrapped around his neck, saying "You must take responsibility."

Mike wasn't a sex beast. He wanted to release his suppressed emotions but with the person that is true to themselves. Originally, Jenny was a friendly but also aloof girl. But after the first sex with him, she turned into a pure slut.

Of course, Jenny wasn't at fault. She didn't know Mike's little brother can not only conquer her cave but also her heart. It was almost as if she would be a mindless puppet for him. But that is not something Mike wanted.

Because only when Yin and Yang are harmonious, chaos will be born. And they need to be completely harmonious. After that, Mike once again put his mouth on her and slowly pushed his tongue inside hers. Jenny also got proactive against him. Although her mind was clear, she didn't forget the technique she did when she was turned on like a slut.

Her tongue moved, making a circle around his tongue, and wrapping around it. She was also sucking his mouth dry. At this moment, one of his hands was playing with her nipples. Her nipple was turned on and it was hard as a rock.

"Umm" "Ahhh" "I really can't hold on. Please put it in!"

Looking at his face with a begging expression, she separated her mouth and asked. Her cave was very wet, making his other hand covered with colorless fluid. Finally, he held his little brother but stopped at the middle and asked "Are you sure we should continue? And yesterday, we didn't use protection. Shouldn't we return back to the real world and buy you pills?"

"Pow"

"Idiot, do you think I am an idiot like you? I am in my safe period. So, continue fast!" Although she smacked on his head and shouted. She felt her pink was begging for little brother to enter but this idiot was taking it so long.

"Alright, alright, don't blame me afterward." Mike felt her anger was unreasonable and snorted. Finally, he pushed his little brother inside her in a single stroke.

"Ahhh!" "That's it!" "Pound me...….." "I forget to ask your name." When his little brother hit her womb on the first strike, she felt horrible pain spreading around her legs, her cave tightened, and squeeze his little brother hard.

"Fuck! Are you sure you aren't a slut? You were begging for me to enter and you don't even know my name. And why are you so tight?" Hearing her words and looking at her lewd expression, he couldn't help but shout. Her mouth was wide open with tears flowing out of her eyes.

But there was no sign of painful expression, only pleasure was flashing in her face. After she heard his words, she spread her arms, pulled his head near her, and whispered "I am a slut but your personal slut from now. This face, only you can see."

"My name is Mike Tyson. Since you expressed your feeling, I will gladly accept you as my personal slut." For the first time, Mike had found someone who is willing to speak those words to him. Even in hentai, he hasn't seen these much.

"My name is Jenny Flora. From now on, I am your personal slut but also your wife. Pound me, Mike! Pound your slut, Mike!" Shouting out, she tightened her cave even harder. This made inexperienced Mike go through extreme pain.

"Fuck! You are freaking tight." Mike shouted as he gritted his teeth and pushed his little brother further inside.

"Are you ...… perhaps inexperienced?" Hearing him shouting so much, Jenny asked in disbelieve. In fact, she didn't know he was a virgin because his little brother was already reaching the stage of a little dragon.

"Who are you calling inexperienced?" "Bam"

When she called him inexperienced, Mike blushed and pounded inside her with rage. Previously strike didn't reach her womb and that is why she called him inexperienced. But now, his little brother not only reached her womb but also shook it.

"Hic!" "Yes, pound me harder!"

Feeling that burst, she shouted with pleasure and Mike also didn't back down. He didn't want anyone to call himself inexperienced. At the same time, Mike made a vow in his heart.

'I must learn each and every pose and position, the best way to satisfy women. I won't allow a single woman to call me inexperience.'

Making such a vow in his heart, Mike founded even harder. Time was almost nonexistent for two people who have drowned themselves in sex and pleasure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ugh," With the headache, Mike woke up and sat at the edge of the bed. He turned his head and looked at the slender figure wrapped with a thin layer of the blanket with the naked figure. Her eyes were closed and her breathing was very stable.

Last night, lots of things happened. He ended up cumming inside her twice and found his white fluid can be a heavenly treasure for girls. In just two days, her cultivation rose to the seventh stage from the fourth stage. Of course, compared to her the most benefitted was still him.

Mike's body has gone through a rebirth. Thinking about it, he called for status and a panel appeared in front of him. But before the status panel, two new panels appeared.

"Hidden Quest- Kiss a girl while being virgin

Quest Description- It doesn't matter whether you can use your little brother or not. Kissing is kissing, sex is sex. If Kiss is romance then sex is a pleasure. Before pleasure comes to romance, so do while you can.

Quest Rewards: 5 Free Stat Points, 5 System Points, Divine Sun Body (Rank-1), and a free skill card."

But this didn't stop there. Another panel popped out after it.

"Divine Sun Body

Level- Rank 1

Effect 1: +5 STR, +5 DEF

Effect 2: Fire affinity

Temporary Effect- Extreme Energy Consumption"

"Wait, aren't these the rewards I got by completing the hidden quests for the first time?" Finally, Mike understood there was something he can only learn when he becomes a true man.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- First Stage (Late)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+10 STR), Fire Element

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-2)

STR: 37 (Divine Sun Body +10)

AGI: 26

INT: 22

STM: 35

DEF: 33 (Divine Sun Body +10)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+50 STR), SuperSpeed (+50 AGI), Super Endurance (+ DEF),

Skills- Inferno Booster

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora

Stats Points: 15

System Points: 25

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

(Slight reminder- Unique ability will get automatically activate when ability energy is used.)

"System, Superman or the symbol of peace, choose one among them?" Looking at this status panel, Mike made a proud face with his chin up. But his head hit the ground with a system reply.

"God of Sex"

"Putong"

"Can't you let me enjoy this movement?" Mike yells against the system panel. But his voice was so loud, it made Jenny woke up. She rubbed her blurry eyes and said "Mike, why are you yelling so loud? I need rest. Please let me sleep."

Originally, Mike wanted to return but hearing her words he changed his mind. Naturally, he missed his mom and so he wanted to return. But leaving a girl alone like this isn't something a gentleman should do.

'Fuck! I'm not a gentleman. I am not even a ma….! Ahem'

'I shouldn't say something that can cause misunderstanding. I am indeed man but I am not gentle especially not with the girl.' Looking at the slender and sexy figure of Jenny, the beast indeed him was waking up.

'Not now Mike, not every time, you need to be more prepared for everything. Her safe period has already ended, so it's not the best idea. Instead, I should explore the system properly.' Finally, he stopped looking at the sexy body of Jenny and focused on the main panel of the system.

Unlike the previous time, there were few new sections such as Skill Tree, Family Tree, and Bloodlines. Looking at these sections, all of them were green including the shop section. Mike tap the Skill Tree at first.

Suddenly, a tree hologram appeared in front of him. This tree had a grey color part from the top to the middle. Only from then, everything was green excluding the stem. At the bottom, there was a name connected with one of the green branches.

"Skill- Inferno Booster

Level- E-Rank

Description- Blowing the flames out of hands, each blow will increase the speed of a person. Only the power flame can be used."

There was nothing else to introduce. This skill was very common and just an E-Rank. But suddenly, another panel appeared in front of him.

"Rank Evolution Condition- 10 System Points"

'Wait, how is this exactly works? And why can I evolve this skill?' Mike didn't dare to shout loud, so he decided to ask in his heart. But this time, a panel didn't appear instead a woman's voice rang on his ears. This voice was matured but with no emotions.

"Skill Tree Main Function- It can evolve all kinds of skills using system points. Higher the level of skill, more system points will be required and higher it will be placed in the Skill Tree."

'Oh! ... wait, aren't you going to ask me whether this is my first question or not?' Hearing her reply, he understood how that worked. But her reply was too direct for him. So he didn't hesitate to ask. After all, he doesn't want to waste this precious chance to ask questions.

"From system surveillance, it was found that users don't have much brain, willpower, and strength. So, system most proficient A.I. Claire is here to help the user." The woman name Claire answered with an emotionless tone.

'Well!' Mike felt he was insulted but he couldn't find a word to rebuke. He helplessly accepted the fact that he was weak, brainless, and has no willpower.

'Let's check the next function!' Shaking his head, he distracted his mind and clicked on the Family Tree Tap. But this time, instead of the tree, a table appeared.

At the very top was Jenny's name, as for other boxes, they were empty. Mike clicked on her box and a new panel appeared in front of him.

"Name- Jenny Flora

Age- 17

Cultivation- 7th Stage of Soldier Realm (Early)

Innate Ability- Raging Dark Demon Dragon- A-Rank (Evolved from chaotic sperm)

STR: 363

AGI: 237

INT: 235

STM: 120

DEF: 329

Status- First Mistress (Wife)"

'What the fuck? Aren't these stats a little bit too ridiculous? Mike screamed in his heart after seeing those stats. He felt he was truly weak in front of her. But fortunately, his realm was still at the very bottom.

Of course, this also made him confused. Why didn't his realm increased like her? Why is it stuck at the first stage?

"User cultivation realm is mainly related with Chaotic Path towards the Harmony. User has only recently cultivated it which is why your realm is still at the late state of the first stage."

All stages were divided into three states; early, middle and late. The early state has the first three evolution, the middle state has the middle three evolution, and the late state has the last three evolution. His core was already evolved nine-time, so he was already in the late state.

'So, I need to use Chaotic Path towards the Harmony whenever I want to cultivate. But wait, doesn't this mean my cultivation needs to be dependent on sex?' Mike anxiously asked. Although he loves sex, he doesn't want to be in the bed all the time.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System's existence is to help users achieve supremacy, how could it make such a silly make? User can cultivate normally like other. But user's normal cultivation will be dependent on his Innate Ability."

"With user's current talent, it would take more than ten days of cultivation to reach the second stage of Soldier Realm."

'Damn! I should've thought so. Even if the system can help me cultivate without using that cultivation art, my innate talent is very low. But wait!'

Suddenly, he remembered his unique talent and its effect. Although his realm is very low, his strength can be increased exponentially. Even without his unique talent, he should be able to deal with the early and middle stages of the second stage.

As for the late state, he doesn't think he is still ready to face them on his own. Finally, he shakes his head helplessly and looked at the main panel. There were still other sections to explore. He clicked on Bloodline Section and a new panel appeared in front of him.

"Current Bloodline- None

Bloodline Merge-...

Bloodline Abilities- None

--------------------------------"

There were few other lines but they were blurry and also grey. From this panel, he didn't understand anything properly, so he decided to ask Claire.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System has a lot of heritages and bloodlines are also among them. But this specific section can all users steal the bloodline of a creature you kill. You can merge with them and obtain their abilities."

"Although it can be easier with the system, User doesn't possess one-thousandth of the system points to buy the bloodlines from the system. Only the divine bloodlines are kept within the system. Of course, if the user is lucky, he can trigger a task related to bloodline and gain one."

'Oh! I don't think stealing bloodlines is good. At least, currently, only monsters possess bloodlines. If I can't prove I have the innate ability that can transform my bloodline like Lauren, then I might get in a huge pit.

'For now, bloodline is not a choice. And I already have everything, why would I need bloodline?' Although his innate talent was low, he has the possibility to improve it by absorbing the pure form of dark energy.

As long as he improves his innate ability, he can instantly improve his strength. And even without dual cultivation, the system can give huge help to him. But this doesn't mean he won't dual cultivate. In fact, if he gets the chance he will definitely start that exact moment.

More importantly, he already had thought about the next wife. Lauren proposed to him and now as long as he wants, he can definitely bring her to his bed. And he hasn't forgotten her cultivation. According to the Chaotic Path towards the Harmony, the cultivation of the girl would be a huge effect on their cultivation.

If his semen was the resource for their cultivation, then their bodies were the resources for his cultivation. If he wants to get stronger, he must take this path. A path that brings harmony between Yin and Yang.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Let's see what's in the shop!' Closing the Bloodline panel, he turned his head at the shop. Opening the shop panel, the moment he looked at it, his eyes were almost popped out.

"Potion Bar

"Health Potion- 2 System Points"

"Power Potion- 2 System Points"

"Spirit Potion- 3 System Points"

"Undead Summoning Potion- 5 System Points"

"Invisible Potion- 1 System Points"

Skill Bar

"Meteor Fist- 5 System Points"

"Flying Dagger Art- 10 System Points"

"Fireball- 5 System Points"

"Thunderbolt- 5 System Points"

"River Flood- 5 System Points"

"Unending Darkness- 10 System Points"

"Fire Spear Strike- 15 System Points"

Bloodline- Locked

Treasures- Locked"

"Holy Moly!" There were many other potions and skills but he didn't look at all of them. He had no reason to do so. He only had twenty-five system points, he needs to be careful where to spend. But this also raises a question in his mind.

'How can I earn more system points?'

"There are two methods for earning system points. The first method is a task and the second method is conversion. The system can convert real currency such as dollars or bronze, silver, gold coins for system points."

"$100 = 1 bronze coin"

"1 System Points = 10 bronze coins"

"10 System Points = 1 Silver coin"

"100 System Points = 1 Gold coin"

'Hu!' After reading the conversion panel, Mike breathes a sigh of relief. At first, he thought the conversion system would be ridiculous but it turned out just fine. It wasn't cheap but it wasn't too much either. After all, currently, he can't earn a gold coin.

With his strength, he can't even earn a silver coin.

Thinking of his strength, Mike clenched his fist. There weren't many enemies but just one was already stubborn. Mantle won't let everything aside and definitely comes looking for him. He must improve his strength.

'System, I want to convert thirty bronze coins into system points. And I would like to buy two Health Potions, two Invisible Potions, Meteor Fist and the Fire Spear Strike.' After thinking for a while, Mike decided on what to buy.

After converting thirty bronze coins, he will get three system points that will make twenty-eight. Fifteen system points for Fire Spear Strike, five system points for Meteor Fist, four for Health Potions, and Two for Invisible Potions.

Now, only two points remain. He kept them so that he could buy Health Potion in an emergency. Everything he buys is kept in Yin-Yang Harmony System Storage. Unlike inventory, he can put an unlimited amount of treasures.

'Now let's look at the quest section!' After closing the shop panel, he opened the Quest panel. There weren't major changes except for one recent addition.

"Daily Quest"

"Monthly Quest"

"Yearly Quest"

"Special Quest"

Surprisingly, all of them were green. He clicked on Daily Quest and found everything was the same. Then, he clicked on a monthly quest and a new panel appeared.

"Monthly Quest 1- Take three woman virginity (1/3)

Reward- Evolution Stones*5, 50 System Points, 50 Stats Points, Weapon Advancement Stone*1, and Free Skill Card*1"

"Monthly Quest 2- Kill 1000 Creature of the same level or above (0/1000)

Reward- Lightning Innate Ability (B-Rank), 100 System Points, 100 Stats Points, Free Skill Card*1, and Unique Weapon Card*1"

"Monthly Quest 3- Earn 50000 Bronze Coins (0/50000)

Reward- Unique Talent Evolution, 200 System Points, 200 Stats Points, Free Skill Card*1, and Gene Modification Fluid*1"

(Slight reminder: Above quests aren't compulsory. The user's actions will be recorded daily. If a user can finish one of them or all three by the end of the month, he will get the reward. If not, everything will reset.)

"Woah! Now, that's what I call a helpful system. System, you are awesome." After seeing these quests, Mike nodded his head with satisfaction, a bright smile appeared on his face as he praised the system. But when he yearly quest, he took back what he just said.

"Yearly Quest- Win the heart of Heavenly Maiden (0/1)

Reward- Pioneer Body Evolution*1, System Evolution*1, S-Rank Innate Ability, Ninth-Rank Bloodline, 10000 System Points, 1000 Stats Points.

Punishment- Death of User's Body and Tormenting User's Soul in the Depths of Hell (1 year)"

'Fuck! What kind of shitty quest is this? Who is this Heavenly Maiden? How could can I even find her? And, how can you give such punishment for a single task? Not only death but also torture in the depth of hell. Are you freaking kidding, me?'

'System, I took back everything I said nice about you. You not user friendly, emotional, understandable, awesome, and helpful system. You are disturbing, nerve-wracking, host killing, soul punishing ghost rider system.'

Inside his heart, Mike didn't stop cursing his system. Although he has recently recovered fear from death, how can he still forget the experience of his first death? He seeks adventure, not death.

"...… User, you are too inhuman." Finally, the system couldn't help but feel sad after getting cursed by him for so long.

'You are calling me inhuman. Sister System, are you out of your mind? I don't even know how this Heavenly Maiden is? How did you expect me to find such a person within the population of nine billion peoples?' For the first time, he felt little sad emotions from the system's word.

Instantly, his heart meltdown but he still complained about this task.

"Heavenly Maidens are the jewels of the entire universe. They are the thirteen most successful females that have the most powerful talent in the entire universe. Heavenly Maiden is the key towards the path of Harmony."

"Of course, as a person who bears the fate of Pioneer Body, the user will definitely come across Heavenly Maiden, and very soon on top of that. But to complete this task, the user must conquer her heart but just her body."

"In user's family tree, Heavenly Maidens are the group of female that lies at the very top of the list. Of course, there are still five people above them. Four Supreme Fairies that lies even above Heavenly Maiden and the first mistress."

"In other words, First Mistress has the most powerful and top authority among other females that will be soon conquered by you. Of course, users must work hard, learn flirting techniques, learn every position, and learn how to conquer women's hearts."

When Mike heard her, his face twitched thinking 'Fuck! Am I really going to be God of Sex? And what would happen if I fail?'

"If the user fails, he will die. In this life, the user has only two choices; whether conquer the women or die."

'You don't have to be so direct.' Helplessly, Mike sighed in his heart, quietly glancing at Jenny.

'First Mistress huh!' Mike slowly moved towards her. He kept his hands further opposite to her ears and went above her. At this moment, his body was cover hers while he leaned closer to her and whispered "I'll treasure you forever!"

"Smooch"

Suddenly, he was caught off guard by her surprise attack. In an instant, her eyes were wide open and her lips were covering his lips. But surprisingly, she didn't move further. After a few seconds, she put her head back to the pillow, wrapped her hands around his neck, and said "And I'll eternally love you."

But soon, the environment turned silent because Mike couldn't say anything further. His face turned awkward and red. He felt embarrassed in front of her. He didn't find it until now, but he has started developing feelings for her.

It might be just because of her identity as the first mistress or the person he had sex with or simply because of her previous words. But he found her more and more attractive. Seeing his embarrassed face, Jenny giggled "Hehe, Hehe! It seems my boyfriend doesn't have many expressions about love and romance."

"Boyfriend?" When he heard Jenny addressing him as a husband, he felt confused.

"What? You don't expect me to call you husband from the start, did you? Let me give you a piece of advice, if you want to be in a long-term relationship with a girl, you must capture their heart, not their body."

"If it was just the body that could make the long-term relationship, every woman in this world would be no different than sluts and bitches. If you can't win their heart, they will end up cheating on you once you give them less time or once they find dick longer than yours."

"Of course, I want to have a long-term relationship with you. But you must win my heart, not just my body, understand?" She looked at him with the erotic glance that was making his heart thump. But her words make sense.

Suddenly, a sly smile appeared on his face. Mike retreated from the bed onto the ground. He kneeled on his right knee and lifted his hand asking for her hand "My name is Mike Tyson. I am single, have no experience over romance, and do not know how to win the heart of a lady. Would you like to be my girlfriend and teach me?"

At this moment, an erotic smile was replaced by a charming smile. Her eyes were twinkling with excitement rather than lust. She covered her body in a thin blanket and got up. She walked near him and picked his hand. She leaned a little and give a slight kiss on his hand.

"As long as you treasure me forever!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Finally back!" Inside the room, Mike took out the helmet and release a breath. He looked around and found nothing has changed. Everything was in the same place but there wasn't a single speck of dust. Seeing this, Mike shook his head helplessly and put the helmet on the bed.

"Mom! I'm back." While walking down the stairs, he shouted. But for a while, nobody came. This made him surprised thinking 'Mom should be at home. How come she hasn't replied?'

Then, he reached down and saw a recorder on the table. Mike moved towards the recorder and played it. The next moment his expression froze.

"Trash! If you want to see your mother alive, arrive at Downtown Street within a day and alone."

Hearing this voice, Mike's killing intent rose. He knew this wasn't the trap because his mom normally doesn't go out most of the time. Why? In the past, she was almost raped by a gangster because of her beauty. Although her escape was a little strange, from then on she decided never to leave the home unless it is very necessary.

Of course, this doesn't mean she won't leave the home at all. But this time, he didn't expect she would be kidnapped by Mac. Suddenly, he took out his phone and pressed an icon. At the same time, he dropped the jade bottle on the ground.

"Hu!" "Whoosh"

Mike released a deep breath and rushed out. Even though he didn't use his ability energy, his speed was faster than cars. In an instant, he reached in front of Downtown Street. This street was known for gangster zone.

No world is perfect, naturally, this world has humans who are typically bad in certain circumstances. When he reached in front of the street, he was shocked to find there was not a single person on the street.

He kept walking since he didn't know where his mom was held on.

"Di! Di!"

Suddenly, his phone rang. Mike held his phone and saw a message

"Ninth House to the left!"

Mike was a little confused about how Mac knew he had reached here. But he didn't care. He walked on the road, further inside the street, and saw a big and uncolored house. In front of the gate, he saw two bulky men standing with a domineering aura.

At this moment, he found he had miscalculated. Both of them were already at the second stage of the soldier realm, not to mention there must be many other peoples inside. When he walked towards them, they didn't stop because the door was already opened.

Mike walked in but the room was very much dark. Suddenly, when lights were turned on, they got into his eyes, making him shut those eyes for a moment.

"Trash! You didn't expect to fall into my hands, did you? Today, I'll make you pay for everything you did in the past." At this moment, Mac slowly came out from the shadow. His eyes were filled with contempt and anger.

"Mac, where is my mother? Don't mix her in our fight!" Mike looked at Mac with hatred in his eyes. When they were six years old, they met for the first time in the school. Naturally, Mac was rich and arrogant and sometimes bullies other students.

Once he tried to bully Mike but got knocked out by him. From then on, the friction between them only increased. Since mike was still in the school, Mantle naturally couldn't help his little brother. Not to mention, he wasn't awakened at that time.

Even Mantle was beaten by Mike. Both brothers suffered in his hands but Mac suffered even more. That's why Mac hates Mike more than anything else. Mike wasn't a bully type but everyone in the school was afraid of him.

"Hehe! You want to see your mother, right?" Mac snickered at his looks and laughed. He looked back at the shadow and shouted "Bring her out!"

Slowly, a bulky dude like the previous one from outside came with a wheelchair. In the wheelchair, a lady was placed with blood flowing out of her mouth and a big slap on her face. Seeing this, Mike's eyes turned red with fury, and anger flashed on his eyes.

"Mac, I'll kill you!"

Suddenly, he bursts his speed towards Mac but suddenly stopped in the middle. Looking at Mac who had his knife placed on her neck, Mike's face turned ugly as he asked "Mac, what do you want?"

"Trash! Kneel down and let them beat you until I'm satisfied. Otherwise, my knife won't hesitate for a single second." While saying so, he made a small cut on her neck. Seeing this, Mike panicked "I'll kneel! I'll kneel! But if you do anything to her, I'll definitely kill you."

At this moment, he bent on his knees and kneeled in front of him.

"Bang" Suddenly, a stick smashed onto his back, leaving a scar on his cloth. But he didn't scream. Although he was normal, he has practiced martial arts. Even though he can't bear the pain like last time, this pain was not much for him.

"Bang" "Bang" "Bang" "Bang" "Bang"

One after another, bulky men smashed their stick on his back, shattering his clothes and turned his skin red and blue. At the same time, Mac shouted "What are you guys hiding for? Come out and relieve your hatred!"

At this moment, Mike lifted his head to see their face. But suddenly got kicked in his face, only hearing some arrogant "Trash! Get your head down! How dare you look at us?" Although their tone was arrogant, it had the taste of fear. They didn't want Mike to see them due to the fear from the past.

"Bang" "Bang" "Bang" "Bang"

Then, those few youths who used to hang out with Mac on the Arena held sticks and smashed on him.

"Ku-ek" Finally, he began to bleed out of his mouth. At the same time, his skin was rupturing and finally, he was feeling pain over his body. His body soon starts bleeding. But he didn't lose his consciousness.

"Stop!" Suddenly, Mac shouted. Hearing his voice, everyone has stopped their movement.

"Tap" "Tap" "Tap" Mac slowly walked near him and bent down. He caught Mike's chin and lifted his head. Looking at his bloody face, he made a wide smirk and whispered "After this, I'll **** your mom and let you two leave with shame. My brother has already become the chief student of Wild Tiger Academy. So, I won't face any problem while you and mother will live in fame."

"You dare!!!" Suddenly, Mike roared with red eyes, dripping the blood on the ground. He was just about to raise his fist, suddenly flames burst beneath him. His body flew up in the air, smashed on the ceiling, and fell to the ground.

"Boom" "Bang" "Thud" "Ku-ek"

"Trash! How dare you yell at me?" With an angry roar, Mac rushed towards Mike who was struggling to stand up. He clenched his fist with flames and smashed towards him.

"Tap"

Suddenly, Mike raised his left hand and caught his fist with ease. At this moment, there was no sign of anger in his eyes but the killing intent was constantly released from him.

"Trash! Do you dare to stop me? Believe it or not, I'll kill your mother." Mac didn't understand how Mike caught his fist so easily. He was already in the late state of the first stage. This was also the reason why he dares to come out so easily.

When Mike heard his voice, he said "Look back!"

Hearing him, Mac's face was filled with disbelieve. He turned his head and saw Lucas holding Mike's mom in his hand while the bulky man was smashed on the ground. Unlike both of them, Lucas had already reached the second stage.

It has only been two days and Lucas had already reached the second stage which was very surprising. Mac had C-Rank talent with his family economy, he had used many resources to improve himself. As for Lucas, he was also very lucky.

He already possessed A-Rank talent. And his siblings gave him many resources they got from the academy. With resources and talent, he successfully reached the second stage. But most surprising was Mike, especially in Lucas's eyes.

He found Mike cultivation in an instant which shocked him. Because Mike didn't have the talent or resources to cultivate this quickly.

"How... How did you reach here? My men are all around the Downtown Street." Mac shouted in disbelieve. Even if Mike had called for Lucas to help, he had already set his men around all of which kept giving him updates about everything. This is why he went to beat up Mike because until now, no one was seen by those men.

But it wasn't their fault either. When Mike left, he called for Lucas's help through a secret method. At the same time, he dropped the Invisible Potion on the ground. While rushing towards Downtown Street, he messaged Luck about the effects of Invisible Potion, so that he can free his mom.

"Creak" "Bang"

Finally, Mike released his unique ability and clutched Mac's hand. His force was so strong, it broke Mac's bones. But before Mac could scream, he clenched his right fists, pouring the ability energy into it, he smashed on Mac's chest.

"Creek" "Bang"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At this moment, Jenny would be amazed by the look on his face. He looked nothing like a gentle smiling Mike. There is always a beast hidden inside a person. This beast doesn't come out until your inverse scales are touched.

Even though his expression was calm, his red eyes and blood dripping out of his head made him look like a demon. The power of unique ability flows with the ability energy. In an instant, his strength, agility, and defense increased by 50.

"Bang" "Whoosh"

Suddenly, a stick smashed at him from behind. But, he had already seen that coming. His body leaned at the side, turning horizontally, his body jumped on the air and spin-off. His body successfully dodged the attack but he wasn't satisfied with that.

"Bam" "Bang"

With his palm touching the ground, he supported his whole body on that palm, smashed a kick on the bulky guy's chest. His kick was so hard it made him flying in the air and crash on the wall. Although he was a second-stage soldier, his strength was weaker than current Mike.

A-Rank talent can let a soldier wield twelve times the strength of a normal adult at the late state of the first stage which was 50 from the Yin-Yang System strength recording system. All of these people were less than C-Rank because a C-Rank will not work for Mac especially with his family being weak.

If his family was a cultivator family, then there might be people with a higher rank working for him. Currently, Mike's strength was at 87, and using brute force, his strength was 97, almost equal to the A-Rank Genius of the early state of the second stage.

"Damn! Stop him! Stop him! You idiots, use your abilities." The groups of students shouted at the people hired by Mac. But they were greeted with the cold eyes of those bulky guys. Those students shrink back and rushed towards the place where Mac had fallen.

"Whoosh" "Bang"

Suddenly, one of the bulky men burst out his ability energy from his hands and condensed a spear. Holding the spear in his hand, he rushed towards Mike. Seeing this coming, Mike stepped on the side of the stick.

His move caused the other side of the stick to fly up. Because of his sharp kick, it made a few spins on the air. Mike twisted his palm out and caught the stick by the lower end and swung. The stick collided against the shaft, blocking the speed of the spear.

When his spear was blocked, the bulky man's eyes widen. Not because his strike was blocked rather a serious punch was coming towards him. Mike used the commonly used technique of a magician, gaining the complete attention of a bulky man on his stick while he clenched his fist.

"Bang"

When his stick and spear collided, he closed the gap by a long foot that remained undiscovered by the bulky man, catching him off guard. Pushing his right body down towards the ground, he smashed his fist on the bulky man's jaws.

"Boom"

Suddenly, he suddenly behind and spread his arms. From behind, a fireball rushed towards him and collided against his palm, followed by a small explosion. The dust rose with the mood of those students. Finally, when he got hit by the fireball, they cheered.

"Yeah! Break his bones! Crush him!"

But when the dust settles, their mood returned to gloominess again. In front of them, Mike completely blocked the impact and explosion of the fireball with his palms. His palm had few scratches but that's it. When the bulky man saw his fireball doing nothing to Mike, a trace of fear appeared in his eyes.

"Bang" Pushing his feet against the ground, Mike's feet formed the crater on the ground as he moved towards the bulky man. At this moment, the bulky man formed another fireball at his palm and shot at Mike.

But Mike punched through the fireball, scattering it into pieces. Suddenly, lots of ability energy poured into his fist, suddenly the man felt something was pulling him towards Mike.

"Meteor Fist" But he wasn't pulled by rather stuck at the same place even though he wanted to make it.

"Bang" "Crack" "Crack" "Boom"

Mike's fist smashed onto his chest, breaking his bones and punching into straight through the walls. His body fell outside alarming more of those guys. Suddenly, all of them rushed towards him with their weapons.

Mike stopped adding ability energy into his body and kept it as normal circulation. Since his ability energy was still running, his unique ability was still activated. But he was also losing a lot of blood. So, he knows he must finish this battle quickly.

Looking at those people coming towards him, he kicked the stick that landed on his hand after a spin in mid-air. Holding the stick, he stuck it on the ground and lifted his body horizontally. With great momentum from his legs, he smashed a kick on their faces.

Rotating with the stick, he managed to make a circle, kicking on each of their faces. Suddenly, the stick was cut apart with the sword, making his foot return to the ground. But this time, he took out the spear from his system space.

He didn't even care his move might cause some suspicion. Holding the spear, he smashed the edge of the shaft at the head of the bulky, swinging it again with both of his hands, he smashed on another bulky man's head.

"Bang" "Bang"

With a single strike at each, both of them passed out. Since his spear shaft was made out of the tiger's bone and special metals. It was hard as a diamond but light as a lightsaber. Swinging his spear a few more times, he knocked out all those bulky men.

After that, his attention shifted towards the student. He looked at them with eyes red as blood and sneered "I knew it would be guys. It seems you haven't understood the pain." Suddenly, he rushed towards the tall guy with a pale face.

"Wind Blades!" With the panic in his eyes, the pale guy could only counter with his most effective attack. But he was at the early state of the first stage. His strength was very weak which made his attacks even weaker.

"Bang" With a single punch, Mike smashed his wind blades. But he didn't stop there. He rushed near him and smashed his fist at the tall guy's jaws.

"Bang" "Crack" "Thud"

His fist broke the teeth, smashing him into the wall nearby. But he didn't let go of him so easily. Rushing like the wind through other youths, he reached in front of that guy.

"Ka-cha" "Ka-cha" "Ka-cha" "Ka-cha"

Raising his feet, he smashed it on his face. But he didn't stop there, kicking his face few more times. Until he looked back with hatred in his eyes. Just when he glanced at them, all of them fall on their knees and shouted "Mike, it was the idea of Mac all alone. We never thought of attacking you."

"It was all his fault. We didn't bear any ill intent. Please let us go!"

"Yeah! If you do anything to us, our family won't leave you alone."

"Let us go, and we won't speak a single word about it."

Filled with panic and fear in their eyes, they keep wailing. Mike looked at them and sighed "You can go" Just when they hear these words, their expression rose. Finally, the fear in their eyes disappeared.

"Or, did you think I'll say those words?" But soon his expression reverted. His eyes turned red remembering the humiliation.

"You….." "Bang" Just when another student was about to say something, he was greeted by the fist on his face. Mike hit as hard as he could, smashing him into the walls. His body rolled and spun few times until it collided against the wall, making him cough blood out of his mouth.

"Bang" Just when another one was about to shout, he was also greeted with the kick on his neck, smashing him onto the ground.

"Bang" "Bang" "Bang"

After few strokes, he smashed all of them onto the ground. But he didn't stop there. He held the stick in his hand walked near them.

"Bang" "Ahhhh" "Bang" "Ahhhh" "Bang" "Ahhh" "Bang" Just like that, one of them lost his consciousness. Soon, others followed him falling unconscious after dozens of strikes. Finally, he slowly walked towards Mac.

Probably the hardest and strongest attack that he has even done was against Mac. That strike on his stomach was filled with hatred, killing intent, and a meteor fist.

He walked near Mac and found he was holding the phone in his hand. Hurriedly, he held his neck and lifted him. At this moment, he no longer saw the fear instead a gloomy and maniac laugh come out of his mouth.

"Haha! Trash!..... cough… cough I have already called my brother... You are waiting here to die."

Hearing his words, Mike's pupils shrunk. He knew Lucas had already left, so he also had no reasons to stay here. But before leaving, he clenched his fist and smashed towards Mac's lower chest.

"Trash stop!" Suddenly, a roar came from behind but it couldn't stop Mike's fist since it had already smashed on his lower chest.

"Crack" "Crack" "Thud"

With the broken bones, Mac fell on the ground unconscious.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the faraway place from the earth,

It was an endless space where thousands of spaceships with different shapes were floating in space. There was a huge planet covered with the ring. And more importantly, that ring wasn't a natural ring made by an asteroid or anything else.

Rather it was a massive ring that actually supports life which was made by the living beings. But on this planet and ring, there were certainly different people living. These people had a humanoid shape but also had black horns and wings.

Some had dark scales while some don't. Most Alkiwon loved human skin, so they transformed themselves into such shape. This planet was called 'Ackreon' the homeland of the Alkiwon race. This giant ring spinning around the planets held more than billions of Alkiwon. In one of those giant spaceships, there were many rooms.

Inside the most important room which the control room of the spaceship, there were few people surprisingly talking to each other. There were five Alkiwons inside the room. One Alkiwon with his wrinkly old face was sitting on the chair.

While the other four Alkiwon were standing in front of him. There were two girls and two boys distinguished like a normal human with girls having bigger chests. The old man looked at their faces and asked "So, did you understand why your mission is so serious?"

"Yes," Although four of them replied, one of them still had the lower tone.

"Jerry, are you still dissatisfied with my words?" The old man looked at the young Alkiwon whose face had a small knife mark on his nose. This young Alkiwon's name was Jerry. He was only sixteen but already the prodigy of this race.

At such a young age, he was already an E-Rank expert. Although E-Rank sounds lame, when you compare him with the goblin that was just an F-Rank with Low-Level strength, one can find the difference.

"Elder, I don't understand why we are not using any of our Dragon-Level Battle Army to destroy the earth. Why must we wait and sign a peace contract with humans?" Facing the elder whose strength was around B-Rank, he didn't show any arrogance. But still questioned him with dissatisfaction.

"Brown, answer him!" Elder didn't answer himself instead look at the tall youth with a toned body and asked him to answer. Brown wasn't a prodigy like Jerry but he was nearly the same. He was seventeen and his strength was above Jerry.

Brown helplessly sighed for a moment, until a proud expression appeared on his face "Jerry, we are not just a race Alkiwon. We are conquerors. We started weakly but gradually we reached the rank of the top hundred strongest races in the universe."

"But we aren't alone that started with nothing. Humans are the same. Even though they don't have the will and spirit to conquer the universe, they have unlimited potential just like us. So, whenever we fight them, we must ensure a battle with the lowest casualty. Because we are conquerors and we have enemies everywhere."

"If other races got the smell about our weakness, our race will face its greatest catastrophe. What we want is a battle where we can use fewer soldiers to conquer the race. For that, we need to groom geniuses like you."

"Do you still remember our loss against humanity? One hundred and ninety years ago, we sent ten battleships consisting of fifty thousand soldiers in total against the newly mutated planet. From other perspectives, it was humanity loss because they lost billions of people."

"Comparing billion with fifty thousand, that's insane. This is the thought of other races. But for us, we have no allies, only enemies, so we bear the consequences of the next three wars after losing fifty thousand soldiers. So, what we must consider is not the quick battle rather a battle where we can win without losing too much."

"Jerry, the reason elders always support you is because you are genius and also the hope of our race to complete the objective of the Alkiwon race which is to conquer the universe."

"And as for our current peace treaty, we have recently discovered the Divine-Grade Tomb of an ancient figure. But that tomb is in human's territory, so we must signs this treaty and help younger generations like us to enter the Divine-Grade Tomb and improve our strength."

Looking at Jerry's face, he spoke with a serious tone. But with that face, he still had the pride while mentioning the greatness of his race.

Jerry nodded his head but he still had few doubts on his mind.

'If I wasn't the genius, would those elders even think about me? Is this how others evaluate me? Just because of my talent, they want to cling to me. I don't want such an elder, I don't want such friends. But who can become my real friend?'

At this moment, he began to doubt his own existence.

In the Downtown street, of Ethen's State.

"Trash, die for me!" Suddenly, Mantle roared condensing the fist and rushing towards him. His ability energy was erupting like a volcano, burning the surrounding. Everything had caught the fire. But suddenly, Mike took out two different bottles and drank them.

"Gulp" "Gulp"

In an instant, his wounds began to heal and his body slowly disappeared. Until Mantle was few meters away, Mike had already vanished.

"Trash, where are you hiding? Get out! Get out!" Mantle began to shout like a maniac but instead of running away. Mike walked towards Mac. But he knows the effect will only run for two minutes. So, when he reached in front of Mac, he lifted his leg and slammed onto his little brother.

"Crack"

With a powerful kick, the balls were cracked. But this also raised the sound. Mantle caught this sound quickly and slammed his fist towards Mac. The fire erupted out of his hand and blasted at Mac. Mike didn't expect Mantle would be so cruel to his own brother.

After all, that fire even burnt Mac. Even though Mike managed to escape the attack, his cloth got hit by the flames. In an instant, he understood that move was a big mistake.

"Bang"

Sure enough, Mantle saw the fire burning in the air and immediately rushed towards him. His strength was above Mike and by a lot. He instantly reached in behind Mike and slammed his fist on his back.

Mike's body turned like a bowl with his hands and feet behind, flying in the air. His body crashed onto the walls in front of him. Those wounds that were healed became nothing compared to this wound. His chest was smashed on the wall with his nose and forehead bleeding.

His body became bloody again. And this time, he got himself into a major disadvantage because of a small mistake. Of course, it wasn't his fault. He never thought Mantle would be so cruel to his own brother.

"Trash, let's see how you run now." Mantle made the cruel face as he slowly walked towards Mike. The fire erupted out of his hand. Although Mike was injured, he still tried his best to run away. But incapable of standing properly, he ended up falling to the ground.

It was a single stroke but his spine was nearly broken. That attack was so vicious that he almost died.

"Bang" "Ahhh"

Mantle walked from behind and smashed his leg on Mike's leg. His strike was so hard that it broke the bones on his leg.

"Trash, how dare you injure my brother? With your trashy talent and trash family, how dare you go up against us?" Lifting his head by pulling hair, Mantle cruelly spoke on his face.

"Trash.... Hehe, if I'm the trash then what is your little brother? What are your parents?" Although his face was covered in blood, even though he screamed in pain, when Mike was called trash, he began to ridicule Mantle's family.

"Bang" "Shut up! Trash!"

Mantle was enraged by Mike's words, his eyes turned red and he gripped his head and smashed his forehead on the ground. With the harsh words ringing on his ears, he pulled up Mike and his mood darken. Instead of fear, he could only see the gloomy smile on Mike's face.

"Y...Ku-ek... You call m…me trash, right? .... I know you won't kill me here. Because if you do, even if you are the head of the sect, you would end in the prison for a lifetime."

"Then, do you dare to have a life and death battle match with me after five months?"

When these words entered his ears, Mantle's face darkens even more. He felt humiliated because he couldn't kill Mike. But suddenly, his lips widen with a cruel smile as he said "Surely but before that let me break few more bones in your body."

"Splash"

Mantle stood up and raised his foot to smash his spine. But suddenly, a dark sword slashed towards him. Although he barely dodged the slash, his arm ended up getting cut by it. The purple dark sword eventually vanished in the air.

"Who are you?" Surprised by the attack, Mantle felt this wasn't Lucas so he shouted at the person standing in front of him wearing the purple hood. The figure slowly removed the hood. It was none other than Jenny. She was wearing tight jeans and a black t-shirt.

Looking at the bloody figure of Mike, her eyes turned red with fury and hatred. The purple dark gas erupts out of her body, condensing into the large blade as she hoarsely yelled "You trash! How dare you hurt my love?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Mantle heard her, his eyes turned red and the veins around his forehead popped out. No one has ever called him trash, and now suddenly someone called himself trash, he felt humiliated. The fire condensed on his fist as he rushed towards Jenny.

"Strangling Fire-Snake"

When he smashed his fist towards her, the fire erupts out of his hand and condensed into a long snake. This long snake binds around his fist and suddenly, pounced towards Jenny. But Jenny wasn't waiting for his attack to hit her.

Suddenly, an iron sword appeared in her hand. It was a meter long with a single sharp edge. It was slender and looks like a katana. Its hilt was rectangular black, when she touched it, the dark gas warped out it, turning white into a dark purple.

"Dark Phantom Sword- Darkness Slash"

She pulled her sword back and swing it. The sword released a powerful dark slash that rushed towards the fire snake.

"Boom"

The slash collided against the fire snake and exploded with pieces. At this moment, both of them were raising their auras. At this moment, Mantle's aura shocked Jenny, and Jenny's aura shocked Mantle. Both of them felt their realm wasn't completely stable.

Both of them had just recently reached the seventh stage of the Solider Realm. But when Jenny released her attack, she instantly got an edge with her elemental talent. With the ability energy purer than Mantle's, her slash not only cut that fire snake but also made it explode.

When the dust raises, Jenny moved. The sword on her hand condensed another layer of dark gas. But just like her, Mantle also tried to sneak attack from the dust.

"Fire Arrows"

"Pssshh" "Whoosh" "Whoosh" "Boom" "Boom"

Coating her sword with dark gas, she swings her sword against the upcoming arrows and sliced them. But she didn't stop, jumping on air, she lifts her sword holding it with both of her hands. The dark gas condensed a thick layer of energy around her sword as she swings her sword down, not once but three times.

Each time she swings her sword down, she immediately lifted her sword, shifted it a little to the left, and slashed down. But once again, she pulled her sword up, shifted it a little to the right, and slashed down. But she didn't stop there, she pulled her sword to the right, horizontally, and slashed from right to left.

"Dark Phantom Sword- Dark Triad"

"Splash"

Her move dark triad formed three slashes vertically and a horizontal, all four rushing towards a single opponent. There was no way Mantle could escape it especially when he couldn't even see it properly. The slash at the very right and the horizontal slash, both collided against his chest.

"Ku-ek" "Thud"

Mantle fell on the ground when he was about to move out of the dust. His chest had two slashes, one vertical and another horizontal. The blood gushed out of his chest as he screamed in pain.

"Ahhh!"

But Jenny didn't care about his screams, she condensed dark gas around her sword and made a slash on his shoulder.

"Splash"

The blood gushed out with the scream coming out of his mouth.

"Ahhhhhhh" "B…..Bitch," "Ku-ek" "If you kill me, Wild Tiger academy won't let you go!" Filled with fear and pain, Mantle could only shout at Jenny. Jenny slowly moved towards him and smashed his face with her feet.

"You trash! Even if I kill you, the Academy of wild dogs won't do anything to me!" Hearing her words, disbelieve appeared on his face which was under her feet. He was filled with humiliation but now, fear was growing from the bottom of his heart.

"Bang"

Suddenly, she smashed his face on the ground and said "I won't kill you, after all, he still has a life and death battle with you."

Hearing her words, the fear in his heart slowly decreased. He naturally didn't care about that battle from the start to even now. After all, Mike's talent was just an E-Rank. But what he didn't understand why someone with A-Rank talent would be his girlfriend?

In his eyes, Mike is the trash that used to beat him when they were small. His hatred against Mike wasn't less than his brother's. But until Mike awakens an element, he didn't take any action. Because the organization that created Ascension to Godhood gets the news of an awakened person attacking an unawakened person, that organization will get to bottom of this case.

Both Mac and Mantle understand this. And that's why these two didn't move against him until now. Because now, he was awakened. This is why Mac didn't do much to Mike's mom. After all, he had more chance to humiliate Mike if he rapes his mother before Mike came to Downtown Street.

While Mantle's heart began to relax, few words from Jenny's mouth once again made him scream in pain.

"But before that let me break a few more skin and muscles in your body" "Splash" "Splash" "Splash" "Splash"

"Ahhhh" "Ahhhhhh" Ahhhhhhhhhh"

Things that he wanted to do but couldn't succeed were done by her. Her katana sliced his skin and muscles from his chest to legs. After that, the sword in her hands disappeared and a ring on her finger shone.

Jenny's expression turned anxious when she saw Mike laying on the pool of blood. She hurriedly moves near him and found he was unconscious. Suddenly, a Health Potion appeared in her hand. She turned his body and opened his mouth.

The moment Health Potion entered his body, his injuries began to heal. Its effect was a lot greater than F-Rank potions which were naturally surprising. But Mike wasn't conscious to feel the change and ask her. His stamina was already depleted since he lost so much blood.

She held him in her arms and lifted him. Just when she was about to walk out, a thought came across her mind as she moved towards Mantle, also covered in blood. She didn't care if the police find it.

Because as long as ordinary people aren't bothered, people with superpowers are allowed to fight each other. But she had a different reason to come near him. When she arrived below him, she lifted her leg and smashed a kick on his little brother.

"Crack"

The unconscious Mantle didn't feel it but it seems he has lost his chance to be a father. His little brother was completely crushed. Now, both brothers could no longer produce offspring. Mike broke Mac's eggs while Jenny broke Mantle's eggs.

After that, she took him to his home. With her fast speed, many people didn't get to see her. Only a few awakened people saw her but chose to ignore her. It was normal but it wasn't uncommon either. When she reached his home, she saw his mom waiting outside.

"Mike!!!" When Jenny appeared in front of her house, Elizabeth saw Mike lying unconscious on her arm. Her expression turned deathly pale as she ran toward him.

"Don't worry, aunty! He is fine. His wounds are already healed, he seems to have lost blood which is why he is unconscious." Although Jenny spoke with a smile to make Elizabeth calm, her words didn't work on Elizabeth.

She could only watch Elizabeth holding Mike and sobbing while cursing herself. Jenny felt she couldn't bear this anymore, so she said "Aunt, he needs a good sleep. How about letting him sleep on his bed?"

Elizabeth nodded her head with red eyes and led her to his room. Jenny puts him on his bed and looked at Elizabeth, giving a slight bow "Aunt, my name is Jenny Flora. I am your nephew's girlfriend. Would it be alright if I stay here tonight?"

Although Elizabeth was wondering who Jenny was, she didn't get a chance to ask. But when Jenny introduced herself, Elizabeth was left in shock. Elizabeth walked near him, and caress his cheek, murmuring.

"My son.... Thank god! Finally, he is not a virgin." Hearing her words, Jenny felt like digging a hole to bury her head. She felt extremely embarrassed when Elizabeth said that. After all, that means she was accepted by Elizabeth.

But her next questions made Jenny even more embarrassed "By the way, how did you meet him and where did you take aphrodisiac? Wait, did he even satisfied you? You didn't try to kill him after he took your virginity, did you?"

"Bang" Jenny could no longer bear her questions, so she slammed the door and ran away. Elizabeth shook her head with a helpless smile and then looked at Mike, murmuring "I don't know whether to be sad or happy? Why must I bear such a curse? Why must I watch you suffer? Daniel, why must my son kill your childhood enemy?"

"Aren't you powerful? Why don't you come down and take your revenge?" Tears non-stop fell down her cheeks. After a long time, she wiped those tears and murmured "Daniel, just how much longer till you break this curse for me and fulfill your promise? Until then, should I just live an ordinary life and look after our son? You couldn't kill your enemy when you were small and now you want your son to clean up your mess."

"Don't you feel embarrassed as a father?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhh!" Suddenly, Elizabeth screamed from Mike's room causing Jenny to rush in. When she arrived there, she only saw Elizabeth standing with the plate and food falling on the ground.

"Where is Mike?" Jenny frowned and asked. Although it was already morning a few minutes ago, Mike was still sleeping. But soon suddenly, he is not inside his room. This obviously brought tension to her face.

"Wasn't he still unconscious? Where did he go?" Jenny asked Elizabeth with concern on her face.

"I… he…. He disappeared in front of my eyes. I don't know where he went but when he disappeared, he had just woken up." Elizabeth tried to calm down and explain. When she arrived in his room with breakfast, she found Mike was just waking up.

But the moment he was about to move his mouth, his body suddenly disappeared.

"Impossible! Mike doesn't have space element or teleportation rune." Jenny shook her head, but suddenly her face turned pale as a bad thought rang on her brain "What if someone teleported him?"

"But who? Teleportation should be very expensive and we don't have any friends or enemies who can buy teleportation rune." Elizabeth shook her head and denied her words instantly. But her concern grows because she doesn't want to say her enemies were not just powerful but overpowered.

"Then, where did he go?" Jenny looked at the bed and muttered.

At this moment, Mike was inside the room. But the room was different. He was inside a completely isolated room where the temperature was growing up to sixty degrees Celsius. His veins popped out as he shouted "System, where did you bring me? And why is it so hot?"

"User didn't complete his quest which activated the punishment system. The user is inside the Burning Isolated Room where temperature can reach up to a hundred degrees Celsius. User is suggested to complete all five quests before the temperature hits hundred degrees Celsius."

"Are you freaking kidding me? Didn't you see I was injured yesterday? How do you expect me to finish the quests when I was unconscious?" Mike yelled like a mad gorilla. But before he could punch his chest.

"It is suggested to finish the quest quickly. Otherwise, there are high chances to turn into a black charcoal monkey. Punishments can't be forgiven. Daily Quests and Yearly Quests must be fulfilled." Suddenly, the system's voice rang in his mind which was the voice of a beautiful girl.

Mike clenched his fists with hatred in his eyes. He felt he should knock out this system but he can't.

"Hu!" Releasing his breath, he felt the temperature was indeed rising rapidly. Without any hesitation, he started with push-ups. With his current stamina, it wasn't that hard. He finished push-ups quickly and started curls-up.

He quickly finished that too. Then, he started doing a hundred squats. After he finished these three exercises, he was about to start the next. But suddenly, a thought rang in his mind. Mike who was covered in sweat yelled "System, get me my phone! How do you expect me to jerk off without watching porn?"

"User can try imagining it." Instead of a phone, a message appeared in front of him.

"Hell no! I am no longer a virgin. And I have a girlfriend. There is no way I would try imagining beautiful milfs and sexy icy queens." Mike shook his head and yelled on the face of the interface. Suddenly, the interface changed.

.........… (Watching porn while masturbating! Thank you!)

After jerking off twice, Mike stood there trying to catch their breath. He looked at the bottle in front of him which was filled with his semen and asked "System, why did you ask me to store my semen? You know, if you ever lack it I've plenty of store inside my eggs."

But while he scratching his head with confusion, the bottle in front of him disappeared. Seeing this, his face became more confused. But he didn't have time to think about it. The temperature was rising above sixty degrees and he needs to finish one last exercise.

"Run Mike Run!" After catching his breath, he started running while inspiring himself. His running was a little different. He must sprint for ten-kilometer which was kind of absurd. But he must do it. Fortunately, it was a lot easier due to his current stamina.

It took him ten minutes to finish his sprint. After finishing his sprint, he was directly sent back to his bed. Only after he returned back to his bed, he found he smelled like shit.

"I definitely need a bath." Mike stood up and walked towards the door. Suddenly, someone else opened the door but before the person could return, that person began to spit on the door.

"Mike, what did you just do? How can you smell like shit? No, you smell even worse." Jenny shouted from outside. Hearing her words, Mike felt a little mad because he was forced into this situation. But he soon calmed down and said "I was exercising. Move away, I need to take a bath."

When Mike walked outside, he saw Jenny standing while pinching her nose with her right hand. She was wearing jeans with a thin sweater and a pink apron. Her face was beautiful with her hair tied up. Seeing her face, Mike's eyes widen as he tried to walk closer to her.

"Bam" Suddenly, Jenny slammed a kick on his butt and shouted, "Go, wash your body first!"

Mike felt even worse after getting kicked by his girlfriend. More importantly, that kick seriously hurts him. He held his butt and ran away towards the bathroom. Mike began to take a bath. He thoroughly cleaned his body and felt relieved.

Suddenly, he realized he forgot to bring his underwear. For a moment, he got confused about whom to ask. But it didn't take a long time to make a decision as he shouted "Mom, can you bring my underwear?"

Although it was embarrassing, he didn't ask Jenny. Why? Because they were still boyfriend and girlfriend. And there was a mom in the home.

Inside the kitchen,

"This kid!" Elizabeth who was cutting vegetables shook her head after hearing Mike. But she didn't move. She looked at Jenny and asked "Can you go and give him his underwear? It must be in his cupboard."

Although Jenny nodded her head, Elizabeth could see her face turning red. But she shook her head and focused on cutting vegetables.

Jenny's face was turning completely red as she walked into his room and held his underwear. But she wasn't turning red because of such a small act. Instead, she was turning red because of her indecent mind.

She slowly takes off her clothes and covered her body with a towel. She made up some courage and walked out of the room. Holding his underwear, she walked towards the bathroom.

"Creek"

She slowly opened the door, suddenly an insane pungent smell burst out of the door. Suddenly her red face turned green, the anger flashes in her eyes.

"Jenny!" Mike walked wrapping his body with a towel, but when he saw Jenny, he suddenly dropped the towel as his little brother stood straight feeling her aura.

"Bam"

Just when he expected to get a kiss or hug, he got his own underwear slammed into his face. He couldn't see her, only hear her angry roar "You bastard, I won't be sleeping with you tonight."

Jenny was extremely angry at this moment and only then Mike noticed his wrongdoing. He slapped his head and cursed "Fuck! How can I forget to use a fragrance lamp while bathing? I lost such a golden opportunity."

With a teary face, he clenched his underwear and start wearing it. His little brother slowly calmed down as he wraps his body with the towel and walked out of the bathroom. At the same time, he turned on the fragrance lamp which slowly purified air.

While walking out of the bathroom, Mike's mood changed a little as he spoke "Status!"

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- First Stage (Late)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+10 STR), Fire Element

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-2)

STR: 38 (Divine Sun Body +10)

AGI: 27

INT: 23

STM: 36

DEF: 34 (Divine Sun Body +10)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+50 STR), Super Speed (+50 AGI), Super Endurance (+ DEF),

Skills- Inferno Booster

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora

Stats Points: 15

System Points: 5

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"My strength is very weak at the moment. I must improve my cultivation. But before that, I must improve my innate talent. Although I was able to sprint from early state of the first stage to late state of the first stage within two days, it was only due to sex."

"Otherwise, it would be impossible to improve so fast. But it was surprising that Mantle was able to reach the seventh stage within two days. Even, so he lost to Jenny. Although I couldn't see their fight, I was able to return safely with Jenny means she must have defeated him."

"I was right. Even though two peoples are in the same realm, same stage, same state, as long as there is a single gap in innate talent, the winner wouldn't be hard to guess. Unless the opponent has perfected a powerful skill."

"And, in my condition...…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"My unique ability must be A-Rank or it could even S-Rank. After all, it would be impossible to improve one's strength by a whole realm. I have never heard of something so ridiculous. By the way, I really don't know much about cultivation, skills, and how to obtain more resources."

"Even in the Ascension to Godhood, I only know that I can obtain EXP by killing and improve my cultivation. Should I ask Jenny? Yep, I should definitely ask her but before that, I must visit that guy to prove the uniqueness of my innate ability."

Mike mumbled and walked towards his room. Suddenly, when he entered the room, a pair of soft hands pulled him into a warm embrace. Suddenly, that pair of arms threw his body into the bed, jumping above him.

"Ouch! That's an extreme way even for romance." Mike couldn't help yelling at Jenny that was above him. Suddenly, he rolled his eyes after seeing her lustful eyes, he muttered "Didn't you say you won't sleep with me tonight?"

He was surprised by the clothing. She hadn't even removed her towel. It seems she was really wanted to do that.

"Bam"

Suddenly, he got a punch on his chest and with a painful expression, he looked at Jenny. At this moment, Jenny had her hands closed around her chest as she pouted "I only said that for the night."

"Come on! I don't have time for that now. Let's eat lunch and visit someone today." Mike caught her waist and puts her on the side of his bed. Jenny's eyes widen thinking 'Did he just reject me?'

But she didn't give too much thought to it. Mike walked towards his cupboard and took out black jeans and a black t-shirt. He removed his towel and wore those clothes. While wearing his clothes, he glanced at Jenny and said with a weird look in his eyes "Aren't you going to wear something? We are going out."

"Idiot, shouldn't you give me little privacy before I start changing clothes." Jenny's face turned red. Even though she didn't think too much about his rejection, she was still hoping he would change his mind. But the reality was cruel. He directly rejected her and didn't even apologize.

"What privacy? I have already seen everything. Or are you hiding some kind of mole that I didn't see?" With a naughty smile on his face, he pounced towards her. He caught her towel and pulled it out.

"Fuck!" Mike feasted his eyes looking at her completely naked body. Suddenly, his eyes narrowed and he frowned as he asked "Don't tell me you forget to bring your bra and panty?"

"Bam"

Just when Jenny had pride on her face showing her fully naked body to him, his words were like arrows that pierced her heart. Suddenly, red steam blows out of her head as she gave a round kick on his jaws.

"Bang" "Thud"

Faced with such a merciless attack, Mike was sent flying as his body crashed into the wall. The whole house shook for a moment. Feeling such a huge movement, Elizabeth frowned and shouted "You two, what are you doing?"

"It's nothing important, aunt. I was teaching Mike how to fight when someone really pisses you off." Although Jenny managed to make a lie, Elizabeth chuckled at her terrible lying ability.

Although her strike was fast and powerful, she only used the strength of the first stage of Solider Realm. It was natural for Mike to stand upright after colliding against the wall. But suddenly, he felt another round kick crashing towards his neck.

"Bang" But Mike barely dodged the attack and rushed towards the door. Suddenly, he stopped and looked at Jenny with teary eyes.

"Jenny, have you gone mad? I was only joking. It was just a joke. And even if you really forget those stuff, you can simply ask me. Although the size is small, I have pair of those when I cross-dressed during the school festival." Mike shouted while pointing his finger at a cupboard.

Suddenly, Jenny was stopped. Her face was stunned. She couldn't believe what Mike just said. Using her fast speed, she rushed towards the cupboard and took a glance.

"Bang" Suddenly, Mike rushed out as he slammed the door from out and rushed towards the kitchen. He believes Jenny won't do anything if he stays with his mom. At this moment, a thought rang on his mind 'Joking with Jenny would be courting death. Mike, remember never to make a joke with her.'

But deep down, he knew he would definitely forget this. After all, he had to adjust himself with time and place

As he calmed down his heart, he walked towards his kitchen with a happy smile "Mom, what are you cooking?"

But instead of a sweet reply, he only hears some unexpected words out of her mouth "Mike, I know you feared sex before. But this doesn't mean you should be horny all the time after you overcome your fear."

Suddenly, his expression froze as he looked down. Only then he noticed he was still in his underwear while his little brother was excited after seeing Jenny's naked body. His face turned red as he spoke "Mom, can you pretend you didn't see anything?"

"Hehe"

But his mom only giggled and looked away. At the same time, something crashed in the back of his head. Feeling the pain of the crash, the anger flashed in his eyes as he shouted "Jenny, how can you hit your husband in front of your future mother?"

But his expression froze when he found his pants on his head. At the same time, he looked at Jenny who was wearing a beautiful blue frock which length had covered her knees. Hearing his words, his mother walked near him and touched his forehead.

"Are you really my Mike? Did you switch to a different person when you disappeared this morning? Although you like to joke around, you weren't this shameless."

There was a touch of anxiety in her expression. Seeing her expression, Mike shook his head and spoke "I have to be shameless. After all, I have finally decided on my goal."

'And if I don't finish that, not only I will die but also get tormented inside the hell.' While thinking of his yearly quest, cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

"Oh, what kind of goal did you find?" Elizabeth was utterly surprised by his reply, but she still maintained her calm expression and asked.

"I want to find Thirteen Heavenly Maidens and Four Supreme Fairies to marry them." A deep inspiration appeared on his face with a trace of determination in his eyes. He clenched his fist and looked up with a proud expression when he revealed his goal.

"Bang"

But suddenly, he got a sidekick on his back, making him crash into the walls. This time attack was a little too strong making it hard to stand up. At this moment, Elizabeth mildly spoke "Just don't kill him, okay?"

At this moment, she didn't feel any pity for Mike. Not because of what he said but because of timing. As a mother, she would definitely feel proud hearing her son's goal. But when he said those words, he should've at least think of his surroundings.

After all, every girl is selfish, nobody wants to share their husband, lover, or crush with anyone. She shook her head and put food on the plates.

"Bam" "Bam" "Bam"

"Jenny, even if I get a thousand women, you are the one that I love the most," Mike shouted while his body was below Jenny. She was sitting on his stomach and slamming her fist on his face.

When Mike shouted, her movement stopped. His words really touched her heart but there was something that touched her even more.

"Pu-chi" Suddenly, Jenny giggled looking at his face. She stood up and walked towards the dining table. She didn't explain why she laughed but at this moment, she felt extremely happy. Mike was left stunned on the ground.

He didn't expect these few words could have such effects.

'Damn! Am I a Love Saint or what? This line, I must write it down. It could be the best weapon against future lovers. But the problem is that I can't carelessly run after any girls. Every girl that I choose must be equal to Heavenly Maidens.'

'From now, I have two more missions except daily quests and yearly quests. I must learn how to win a girl's heart. As for their body, I don't believe my little brother can be weaker than any male god in this world.'

'But direct force isn't enough. From all those hentai I have watched, techniques are the main focus. I must learn this during the first mission. As for my second mission, I must find a way to be more ....... Handsome and Charming.'

Thinking of this, Mike clenched his hand and stood up with determination in his eyes. With that determination, he puts his leg on his pants and worn it. When he was about to move towards the dining table, he took out the card and smartphone from his pocket.

'Thankfully, this earth smartphones don't need to be replaced every year due to damaged battery or slow speed.' Looking at his phone without a scratch, he turned it on and dialed the number on the card.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hello Mike, you sure took a long time before calling me!" From the phone, Mike heard the laughter of the blonde that gave him the card. After all, it was quite hard to forget someone who has value. For Mike, that blond instructor has value while for the blond instructor, Mike has value.

"Of course, I wouldn't stupid enough to ignore the instructor from Kings Academy. And I am also hoping to have a cup of tea with the instructor." Mike chuckled on the phone and tried. His conversation on phone drew Jenny's interest.

"Great! How about meeting in Stars Café in three hours?" The blond instructor agreed from the phone.

"Okay! I will be there in two hours." Mike nodded and agreed. After all, Stars Café was only an hour away from his residence. In the Ethen State, there were four major corners; North Downtown Street, Western Stars Café, Eastern Battle Zone, and Southern Domestic Zone.

He puts his phone down and explained to them about the blond instructor.

"Stars Café! Isn't that the most popular spot on the Western part of Ethen State? We can ride Express Underground to reach in an hour." Jenny puts her right hand on her cheek and answers. Suddenly, a thought struck her mind as she rushed towards Elizabeth.

She caught her hands and made cute big eyes. Looking at her face with cute eyes, she said "Aunt, can we skip breakfast for now? We can return sooner and have lunch together."

Mike instantly understood why she would say something like that. He opened the banking app on his phone and checked his balance.

'Shit! I almost forget about the Enlightenment Stones.'

Looking at the four-digit amount in his bank, he instantly remembered about the Enlightenment Stones. He looked at his mom and shouted "Mom, did you receive any parcel when I was inside the game?"

But soon he froze as he saw her was pinching Jenny's ears and scolding her for making such a request. Although his mother wasn't looking at him, she did hear him and spoke without glancing at him "I have kept the parcel on the top of the cupboard."

"But you are eating breakfast, first." Just when he was about to move, he got the deadly gazed from his mother. His body froze as he drops himself on the chair. Looking at different foods at the table, he pulled the plate near him.

There were two slices of bread, with juice, peanut butter, few fruits, and a cup of milk. Then he glanced at tamed Jenny who was making a pouty face while sitting opposite to him. Seeing her face, he felt like laughing.

But soon, he received a death gaze from her and shut his expression down. The family of three began to devour their breakfast.

...…..

After fifteen minutes,

"Bye, mom!" Saying goodbye to his mother, Mike and Jenny departed from home. Their neighbors were fairly silent. But seeing Mike walking with the beautiful girl, few aunts started chattering with each other.

"Jenny, I forget to ask but you didn't kill him, did you?" Mike understood her cruelty especially when she told him she has killed people in the real world. Although every one of them was awakened, it was still horrible to hear her words.

"Of course not! You made a life and death battle with him, so how can I kill him? Only killing him yourself would you be able to relieve your mood." Jenny shook her head as they walked towards the underground metro station.

"But...…. Can I truly kill him? You know, I haven't even killed a chicken from my birth." Although Mike had butchered few chickens in his past life, in his current life he has no experience of killing.

"Come on! Seriously!" Jenny looked at him with a surprised gaze. After all, they have only met for few days, so they don't know much about each other's personal life. If it wasn't heavenly pleasure she got, Jenny would've killed him in the woods.

Unfortunately, Mike had dogshit luck that grants him a little brother who can satisfy most of the normal women in the world. They don't even love each other. Both have a lust for each other and slowly trying to develop their feelings.

Of course, even if she doesn't have true feelings for him. She wouldn't let others hurt him simply because now, only Mike can satisfy her. And, she said her, she would be his personal slut, not a public slut.

So, it would be even more impossible for her to go and try the little brother of other guys to check whether they can satisfy her or not. Thinking about every possibility, only when she decided to give him a chance to develop the feeling for each other.

"Yeah, I am not a butcher after all. And the current law doesn't allow a person to kill others. But this made me really confused. Normally, people should've involved in many chaotic situations. But even after gaining strength, people rarely involve in personal violence." Mike's expression turned confused while he thinks about this world functioning.

Normally, if you are living in a world filled with superpowers, it is natural to have conflicts, killings, and robbery. But the problem with this world was complete control. Even though there were few incidents that couldn't be hidden, most of the incidents that happened between cultivators are hidden so perfectly that people can't find a single trace of it.

And more importantly, if an awakened person makes a conflict with a normal person, it would result in terrible punishment for that awakened person.

Especially for those cases in which a normal person dies. This is why Mantle and Mac couldn't even think of killing Elizabeth. Although killing Mike wouldn't get them killed, they were sure to have a bad future.

Mantle might get expelled from the academy and no other academy might enroll Mac. That's why they were trying so hard to torture him instead of killing him. And that is why Mike didn't kill them instead torture them with harsh beating.

Hearing his question, Jenny frowned. Suddenly, she flung into his arms.

"Hey, we are in public." Mike was stunned by her approach. He didn't fear people seeing them like this. After all, it was normal for girlfriend and boyfriend. But Mike felt his little brother might get awakened any moment.

Then, things would be pretty embarrassing. This was one of the parts which show his immatureness. After all, due to the fear of death he hadn't come in contact with a girl this close.

"So, act normal." Suddenly, Jenny took out a chip from her ring which surprised Mike. But he didn't ask. Because there was no reason to do so. Spatial Rings are the most common tool in the cultivator's novel, so he understands this ring must be like those.

But suddenly, he realized if he acts like he knows everything, it would definitely create a difficult situation. So, he tried to make a shocking expression asking, "What is that?"

"Oh! I forget you haven't been in contact with superheroes world. This is something we call Dimension Rings. Those people who awaken powerful space attributes have the power to manipulate dimension. These people are rare and have a huge reputation in our world."

"And this is Sound Restriction Chip." She took out the chip and separated that chip into two chin layers of chips. Placing one chip in her shoulder and another in his shoulder, she continued "It acts like a phone but it is much more advance. Placing it in your body would allow you to hear the voice of the person no matter how far you go or how close you are."

"But other people won't be able to hear it. Normally, this chip can be separated into thousands of thin layers of the chip with the same size. It is made out of Nano-materials. And since we are in public, we need this to answer your question."

"Wait, does that mean you know about the organization and how big it is?" Hearing her words, Mike asked in shock. But soon, he recovers his expression since he always feels Jenny must be someone from a high-level family.

'Damn! Doesn't this make me a protagonist? Falling in love with a girl from the high background, separating from her, getting stronger, challenging the authority of the world, and fighting against her suitors to win her.'

'No way, I want to be unique but not the protagonist. Damn! I don't want to go through tragedies and live life with tears. But...… I want to be a god damn protagonist. I want to go through tragedies. I want to die and get reborn. I want to go against the world for the love.'

'I want the greatest adventure that a person couldn't even dream for. People days, immortality is just a myth. One day I will die, so I must live that the world will remember. No, I must live the life that I will remember.'

Suddenly, excitement burst into his heart. He giggled making Jenny frown but she didn't speak. Because she was getting the feeling that something has changed. She doesn't know, Mike had made a vow deep in his heart.

'Women, money, power, control, politics, love, tragedy, wars, being hero, saving the world, fighting against the entire race, life is too short, I must live and go through everything so that I can remember my adventures even after death.'

'...…..except tragedy, I don't want to have a sad life. Unfortunately....'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Alright, what I am going to say might be surprising but don't make the shocked expressions in front of everyone." Jenny couldn't bear to wait as long as they entered the express Train which was the same as a modern train from his previous world.

Except, it was crazy fast as it could travel over a thousand miles per hour. Of course, they need to pay. Before entering the train, he had to pay at the entrance after choosing the destination. He paid fifty dollars and entered the train.

Of course, he didn't forget to pay the money, Jenny. After they entered the train, Jenny gives him a deep look and started her explanation "Two hundred years ago a neutron star exploded causing dark energy to invade our planet. You already know about this. So, I won't speak anything about it. Instead, I have something else to talk about."

"In that war, we lost billions of people because we couldn't withstand the power of the Alkiwon race. But it was surprising that we were able to survive. Especially when the opponents were B-Rank Alkiwon. And we were puny humans who were playing with superpowers like a baby that got candy."

"But we were able to resist, do you know why?" She gave him a deep look and asked. Her words startled him. Indeed, he has never thought about it. Mike gave it a deep thought, finally shaking his head. He really didn't know.

Because it wasn't mentioned in his History Book.

"Because of that organization. The strongest organization is known as Revolution. And the head of the Revolution was the reason behind their success. Nobody can go against his words, even if they are emperors. He has complete control over everything that includes awakened and unawakened people."

Her words struck him like a thunderbolt. But suddenly a thought rang in his mind as he asked "Is his innate ability kind of a manipulation?"

Hearing his words, Jenny gave him a weird look then shook her head. She knew this would be the first thought in everyone's mind. So, she didn't say Mike was an idiot.

"No! Then, what is his innate ability?" Ignoring her look, he curiously asked. But suddenly, he realized he shouldn't ask this. After all, no matter how strong her background may be, that's still the strongest organization.

"He is rich!"

'Fuck!' When he heard her words, Mike couldn't help but curse in his mind.

'Rich, yeah you are rich, but what has this got to do with innate ability? Can he create money out of his superpower? '

'Wait! That could be possible. Creating money from a superpower could be possible but….. Why do I feel there is something hidden inside it?'

"And, he is super smart. He might be one of the smartest people on the planet. He is rich and smart. Of course, he isn't someone who helps society or has a dark past. He is someone who doesn't want to be a superhero or supervillain. He wants to be a controller."

'It feels I know him. Fuck! Isn't that the same as a man who could create insane amounts of armor with advanced technology in each? And other sounds like the man that moves in dark night. How come those two greatest superheroes appear in a single person?'

"And, his vision is something much more dangerous than anything else. Do you want to know about his vision and his past?" Jenny looked at his eyes deeply showing affection to the public but her eyes meant something else.

'Say 'yes, you must say yes.'

'Damn! Why do you look like an overloaded stomach that was ready to be emptied all at once?' Feeling the enthusiasm in her gaze, he couldn't disagree. But her first sentence broke his vision.

"He was the reason behind the explosion of a neutron star. He planned it and executed it very carefully that nobody could know about and blame him."

"But why?" Suddenly, his eyes turned red as he felt a huge blow in his heart. He had no relationship with this earth at least, not much. But humans are humans, no matter in which world you are from, you would have emotions for them.

"Because he wanted revolution. He wanted nothing but excitement. He didn't want to be a god. He didn't want to be a demon. He just wanted to set his goal higher. He wanted to conquer the planet, conquer the galaxy and conquer the universe."

"But to do so, he needs an army. An army of strong people that can contend against the mightiest races of the universe. As I said, he is rich and smart. Even before that explosion, he had wealth greater than a hundred countries combined."

"He planned first world war, Second World War, and was going to plan third. But before that, he found the existence of dark energy and thousands of races in the universe. Then, the so-called third world war was like non-existence for him."

"So, he planned for explosion and help human acquire innate ability. It was because of his technologies that seemed fifty years advance than that time that helped humanity survive the calamity. If others know about him, they might declare him the worst enemy of humanity."

"But, is he? No, he isn't. He changed the destiny of humanity and give them chance to chase the myth. No, the world is no longer boring. You see, he created rules which controlled every awakened person from making chaos, why?"

"Because he is smart. He doesn't think like you need to erase half of humanity so other remaining humans can acquire resources. He doesn't want to destroy humanity and recreate them. Because he knows he can't recreate humanity."

"So, what can he do? He can do something which we would call manipulation. He controlled the world but in truth, he was trying to make ordinary people's life happy so that they don't brew spirit or will to awaken. Although numbers aren't equal, the population of humanity is still low."

"He didn't create Ascending to Godhood to fight monsters. He created that virtual world to ultimately change the resources problem for humanity. So, what do you think of him? Is he a good person or a bad person?"

Her words made him fall into deep thoughts. He never thought there would be such a complex character in this world.

'Is he the combination of the purple head, arrogant playboy, and never-killing bat? How can there be such a complex character who almost destroyed humanity just for the sake of changing their fate? A mad earthling who wants to conquer the universe. Fuck!'

'That's not three characters! There is another character included in this person. A dark guy who can shoot laser out of his eyes that hunt people to the end of the universe. So, am I going to face a character who literally has no weakness?'

Mike speechlessly thought of the consequences of offending this man. The consequences could be terribly bad. And more importantly, he doesn't have much power to even self-defend. But suddenly, a shameless and proud thought rang on his mind.

'What am I afraid? With thirteen heavenly maidens, four supreme fairies, and my first wife, do I have any reasons to afraid?'

"Down to earth, Mike!" Jenny flickered his forehead with her finger and shouted. Only then, Mike came out of his illusionary thoughts. Suddenly, a doubt flashed in his eyes which was just fake doubt and he asked "Jenny, if I am not wrong then, you must be his daughter, right?"

"Yes," Jenny didn't hesitate to answer.

'Yes, I was right. I'm the protagonist otherwise it would be impossible to occasionally meet the daughter of the richest man in the world.' Suddenly, he looked at her and leaned closer. Then, he gives her a stern look and said "You must return my fifty dollars back!"

"That's what you are a concern for. Aren't you afraid my father will send someone to kill you? Aren't you afraid he would take me back?" Jenny yelled at his face with the heart to strangle his neck. She thought 'how can a man be so shameless and greedy?'

Suddenly, she found the intense greedy look on his face and asked "No way, I am not giving you a single cent. You are the man. You must earn on your own and help to support the female."

Hearing her words, suddenly Mike got away making a clear distance from her murmuring "How can these women be so shameless? Aren't they the ones who said man and woman must be equally treated? Didn't they say female can also work on the house while the male can work in the home?"

"Are they only for words? Isn't this a pure scam? I want to revoke this law. If women can't treat men equally why must we treat them equally?"

"Bam"

Suddenly, he got a kick on his face that attracted other's attention. Naturally, they couldn't hear their discussion but they were surprised by such a sudden attack.

At this moment, Mike spreads his hand and shouted while looking at other people "Help! Help! The wife wants to murder the husband! She wants to abuse her husband by making him work hard. Help!"

But suddenly, he noticed they couldn't hear his words. Just when he was about to remove that chip, a soft hand covered his hand as Jenny spoke with a terrifying look on her face "Since you want money, I will give you some."

"One million for a strike!"

'Fuck! I want this sugar mommy.' At this moment, this was the last thought before he was greeted by terrifying waves of fists.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, when will you transfer twenty-five million to my account?" Mike's face was red, his teeth were broken and he got bruises on his eyes. But the smile on his face didn't fade away. He still got his eyes on her phone.

Looking at his eyes, Jenny helplessly shook her head and transferred twenty-five million to his account.

"Ding"

When the transferred notification rang on his phone, Mike almost stood up due to fright. Even though he was saying all that, he wasn't truly expecting her to send twenty-five million directly. In an instant, he became a multimillionaire.

But suddenly, her cold words made him jump in fright.

"If you don't catch up to me within two months, I'm going to leave you."

"Wait, two months!" Mike thought for a while and asked "If I catch up to you in two months, aren't you worried you'll never catch up to me?"

Jenny gave him the white look and said "If you can't catch up to me within two months, you'll never catch up to me in your lifetime."

For the first time, Mike saw the pure arrogance in her eyes. But this arrogance was backed up by infinite confidence that he doesn't know from where she getting. But he likes it. Jenny is his first wife by status which means she must be above Heavenly Maidens and Supreme Fairies.

"Okay! Don't cry when I catch you in two months!" Mike gave her a thumbs up and nodded his head with a smile. Suddenly, a thought rang in his mind as his mood darkens. He leaned closer to her and asked.

"Do I have to pay twenty-five million back?"

"Bam"

Hearing his question, Jenny couldn't help but give him another punch in his chest. But during these lover quarrels, he understood a point. Although her strikes seemed very powerful, he wasn't getting seriously injured.

"Mike, why doesn't my punch strike you with full strength?" But his thoughts were disturbed by her question.

"Hmm! Wait, don't tell me you were striking me with your full strength?" Only then he realized why Jenny would be so generous to spend a million on each strike.

"Of course not! If I use full strength, you'll die. But I was using a half quarter of my strength which got decreased to half when my fists landed on your face." Although the reality was harsh, Mike had to admit it. If she really uses her full strength, he would die a single strike even with his unique ability,

Previously, while fighting those second-stage soldiers, he was using his 97 STR to defeat them with ease. The difference between them was around 15 to 20 STR. So, he can understand with such a difference in strength, she really crushes.

'But how come I crush her every single time when we fight in bed? Could it be because of the pleasure she feels?'

Soon, they reached the end of their destination. When they were about to move out, few middle-aged people smashed a thumbs up at us.

"Thank you for the show!" Everyone spoke at the same time and nodded their head. For them, the fight between Mike and Jenny was a comedic show without sound. Hearing their words, Mike and Jenny turned red due to embarrassment.

Jenny was faster while escaping the crowd. But Mike was pushed out with tons of questions. Fortunately, they didn't know anything about Mike's conversation.

But when he came out of the train and moved out of the underground with Jenny, he found how populated the western part was. His ears were filled with humming, laughter, and loud noise of vehicles.

The bright rays of light fell on his eyes, making him shut his eyes for a moment. After he adjusted his eyesight with the brightness and looked at the crowd of people walking at the side of the road. Cars and motorcycles had filled the road with no space for people to walk.

As he walked under the sun, he felt his shoe was slowly heating up. But he continued walking. He looked at Jenny and asked, "Do we have to go shopping?" He felt he was dragged into this mall for holding her shopping bags.

But this made him remember 'Doesn't she have a dimensional ring? Why would I need to spare physical effort to hold dozens of bags?'

Her expression turned stubborn and she glanced at him, shouting "Of course, we have to, you muddle head idiot. Didn't you say you want to learn about winning a girl's heart?"

She clenched her hand, wrapping her fingers around his wrist, she pulled him towards the tall building. It took them five minutes to reach there in spite of running. When they reached in front of the tall building, Mike saw thousands of people moving around while clinging to each other.

Mike was pulled towards the door of the building. But just when he was about to pass by the door, his foot stopped. His eyeball turned right when he felt a familiar person passing by. Even Jenny was pulled back when he stopped.

He only saw the back of the person. He lifts his hand to ask that person to stop but suddenly, he shook his head and puts his hand down. He saw that girl wasn't alone. And it would be impossible for this person to be her. After all, he has a system while didn't ... shouldn't he?

"Huh! Did you saw someone you know?" She walked in front of him and saw his depressed eyes. She looked back and saw a girl walking with a boy and thought it must be his crush or ex-girlfriend. Suddenly, a memory flashed on her mind Elizabeth's words and shook her head with a smile on her face.

"Nope, let's go!" Mike shook his head and held her hands, walking towards the elevator. But he didn't notice the girl had finally realized something and looked back with an anxious face. But she could only see a boy standing in the elevator while holding another girl's hand.

"What's wrong, sis?" Looking at the girl's anxious expression, the boy wearing a yellow t-shirt and blue jeans put the chocolate bar in his mouth and asked. He had a grudge and depression in his eyes when he spoke.

"Nothing! And what's with that expression? Don't you know it would be always good to walk around with a sister as beautiful as me?" She shook her head and turned her head towards her brother. But when she saw that depressed face, she couldn't help but scold him.

"Yeah! Yeah! You are a beautiful aloof queen who never dares to make a boyfriend." The boy shook his head helplessly. Suddenly, his eyes narrowed as he looked at her suspiciously and asked "Sister, why do you fear making a boyfriend?"

When he looks at her, he couldn't help admire that pale face, slender body, and bright eyes. Her brown hair falling down her shoulders. She was wearing a green sheath dress that covers her body from those D-Rank boobs to her knees. Hearing a silver watch on her left hand, she had a ring at her index finger of her right hand.

"Are you worried that you will get heart broke if your boyfriend abandons you?"

"Ouch!" Suddenly, he felt a burning pain in his ears. His sister pinched his ears and scolded "Why would I be heartbroken for such a trivial incident? And, do you think your sister's vision is bad that she would choose a prodigal scum as my boyfriend?"

"Pain! Pain! Its hurts. Sister, you are abusing your A-Rank talent." Two drops of tears fall from his eyes as the pain grew bigger and bigger. He really doesn't understand his sister. It's not like there are no people trying to pursue her, it's just that every one of them was blatantly rejected.

So, in the end, he became her part-time boyfriend. She calls him whenever she wants to watch a movie in the theatre or shopping in these kinds of malls. It was kind of annoying but he couldn't refuse. After all, she was the elder sister.

"Humph!" The girl in green sheath snorted at him and let go of his ears. Her actions made few people glance at her beauty but she didn't care. Instead, her mind was thinking something else 'I want to have a boyfriend especially a boyfriend like him.'

This made her remember the boy who had a relationship with her for three years. But when she remembered the first night after three years, her expression darkens as the cold sweat dripped down her forehead.

'No, I don't want to have a boyfriend or such relationship. The end of that relationship would be sex. And I don't want to die. I am too young to die."

Nodding her head, she made the vow in her heart and walked out of the building without even looking back. But after, she got mixed into the crowd, Mike returned to that original position with sweat on his forehead.

His heartbeat was racing too fast and he was panting while looking at the crowded door with emptiness in his eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Jenny, are we still going to buy more? And why am I holding these bags when you obviously have a dimensional ring?" Mike held four bags on his two hands and one bag on his neck. His face was sulking as he spoke with a dissatisfied expression.

"Come on, we have only visited six stores and bought very few clothes for me. We still have to buy clothes for you." Looking at his dissatisfied expression, Jenny pouted as she pulled his right arm and ran towards another elevator.

'Is that eighteen elevators that I have taken? Six shops from eighteen floors, my god even she didn't go shopping like.......' Mike helplessly got pulled by her and looking at the next elevator, he couldn't help but count the number of elevators again.

Suddenly, his eyes drowned and his expression turned depressed. He closed his eyes for a moment and slapped his cheek.

'Mike, you are shopping and going on a date with your new girlfriend. You shouldn't think about other girls on a date especially not her.'

"Hey, what's wrong? Why are you slapping yourself?" Jenny stopped and leaned closer to him. Looking at his red cheek, she asked with suspicion. But suddenly, Mike clenched her arm and ran towards the elevator. Looking back, he gave her a goofy expression and shouted "I slapped myself to make me understand I am on a date with the richest girl in the world."

"Hehe! So, you want me to be your sugar momma. Want to spend it with me?" Jenny giggled at his goofy expression. Then, she took a debit card and asked. Although others couldn't hear their words, they were instantly drawn by their movement, giving them a weird look.

Holding her hands and pulling her into the elevator, Mike spoke to himself 'Jenny, I promise I won't think about other girls when I am with you. But whenever I am away from you, I would definitely think about them.'

.........................

"Bang" "Ke-uk" Suddenly, a figure flied into the air and his back smashed on the walls. The blood came out of his mouth as he fell on the ground with bruises all around his body. He was a middle-aged man with a black mustache and hair. He had a toned body with a height of around six feet. His hands were soaked in blood while his purple dark clothes were stained with dust and blood.

"Eric, give up the key! You can't defy the Revolution." Suddenly, a handsome tall young man walked out of the shadow. His pupils were red, with red hair and a slender body. He was wearing a black long coat with jeans. His pale face and sparkling eyes were the proof of his handsomeness.

"Hehehe! Adam, I told you already, didn't I? The key is not with me. I was just distracting you. And now, you are late. The countdown has begun." Looking at the handsome youth named Adam, Eric took out a pocket watch. There was a timer on the pocket watch.

"After two days and five hours, this entire state will fall under the chaos of special rift. You can't stop it, Adam, your revolution can not. Wahahaha!" "Ke-uk"

Eric left a hectic laugh before blood gushed out of his mouth. Adam walked near him and touched his cheek. Suddenly, a mechanical robotic voice rang in his mind.

'Cause of death- Neuro System Explosion. Memories are destroyed hence couldn't be recovered.'

"Damn! These mag dogs are really pushing our limit." Adam gritted his teeth and crushed Eric's face with his hands. He stood up and spoke "Call Supreme Commander!"

"Click"

"Sir, I failed the mission. We can't stop the rift now." Adam's tone changed when he spoke.

"Alright, there was nothing we could do from the start. You were stubborn thinking you could make a change." A hoarse voice rang in his transmitter. This voice was a little old and matured. Adam nods his head and ran away.

'Jenny must be here. Should I visit her and return back? Well, I am already late, so it won't matter.' While running above the buildings, Adam thought about a young girl in his mind and blushed. In his mind, the young girl was very mischievous and cute but it had already been three years since he had met her.

...............…..

"Jenny, let's run! We are going to be late for our meeting." Coming down the elevator, Mike pulled Jenny's hand and spoke, turning back at her face. But at this moment, he has changed his clothes. He was wearing a black hoody with its buttons opened, revealing his white t-shirt and slender body.

He wore track pants with a stylish pair of shoes. He had his hairs straight and a pair of sunglasses on his eyes. Jenny had light blue striped culottes pants with a black V-shaped top. She was wearing long diamond earrings with her hair tied.

Although Mike wanted to admire her beauty, he didn't have time to do so. He hurried down the elevator while looking the time at his brand new silver watch. He wasn't rich enough to buy the diamond watch. Even though he got rich temporarily, that money was for buying resources for cultivation.

Mike and Jenny rushed towards the stars café which was two miles away from the shopping mall. When they reached in front of the stars café, Mike speechlessly looked at the design of the building. In front of him, there was a long tower-like building with two different towers intersecting the main tower diagonally.

It was really like a star. And most importantly, there was not a single incident due to its ridiculous shape. Mike couldn't help but look at Jenny and ask "Do they have Artificial Gravity Field laid out in each building?"

"Of course, otherwise how could they simply work like this?" Jenny nodded her head and answered him. Mike wasn't interested in science but he can tell this world was way better than 21st-century earth. Suddenly, a thought rang in his mind.

'Well, I expect nothing else from a person who has planning better than purple head and dark head. And, people from this world certainly have very unique intelligence. Although every world has faults, here people use their brain more than their body.'

'By the way, I should call the blond instructor before entering the building.' Mike thought for a while and took out his phone, dialing the number of the blond instructor.

"Oh, Mike! Have you arrived?" The voice rang from his phone.

"Yes, so where I can find you?" Mike asked since the building so big, it would be hard to search for this instructor without knowing his position.

"Enter the building with my name. Soon, my person will arrive there to pick you up." The blond instructor finally reveals his name and drops the call. Mike puts back his phone and walked towards the Stars Café.

They were about to entered the building when they saw a bunch of people walking around everywhere. Stars Café is a working building but not all people can work here. And most of the people can't even enter the building. Just like Mike and Jenny who got stopped by the guards before they enter the building.

"Sir, May I have your ID?" Two guards wearing black coats approached them and one of the guards asked Mike with a gentle smile on his face. It was surprising for a guard to smile but Mike didn't show any unnatural emotions.

"I have an appointment with Daniel Stark. And this is my ID." Taking his phone out, he displayed his digital ID and showed them. But they were more surprised by that name than his ID.

"S….Sir, can we ask the staff about the appointment?" Another guard scanned the digital ID in his phone and spoke gently. But when Mike was about to say something, a figure approached them from behind and spoke.

"No need to inquire about our guest." A girl with blonde hair, wearing a tight purple skirt and a white shirt covered with a purple jacket. After she spoke to those guards, sending them away. She turned her head towards Mike and spoke with a gentle smile on her face.

"Mr. Tyson, Sir Daniel is waiting for you. Please come this way!" Even though she glanced at Jenny, she didn't ask about her identity. She gave a gentle smile to Jenny and lead them. When they were passing by, many people's gazes fell upon them making Mike uncomfortable.

Unlike Jenny who has seen these gazes many times, Mike was an ordinary boy. He has never got so much eye contact. This made him think about today. Not just here, everywhere he went together with jenny, he became the center of attention.

'But, why doesn't anyone come and provoke me? Shouldn't people get jealous especially in the world of superpowers? I want excitement. Please god, send some to stir up trouble for me.'

Although Mike felt relatively on this earth, he also felt very boring. If it was another world, there would be have been more than ten or twenty incidents because of young boys from great families of Ethen State.

'Sigh! Why is this life getting so boring?' With a low-spirited expression, he followed the blond girl. When a blond girl and Jenny saw his low-spirited expression, they fell in confusion. Jenny tugged his cloth and asked "Why are you unhappy?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Don't you have any suitors?" Mike gave her a helpless look and asked. He had to lift his head a little since his head was down because of low spirit.

"What does this have to do with you?" Jenny gave him an angry look and asked. At this moment, they weren't using a transmission chip making her

"Because I want your suitor to make a conflict with me. Ahh! Why did your father make such a stupid rule? No one is trying to be arrogant and beat me up even though I am walking with a beautiful girl. This is getting so boring." Mike couldn't help but give her a desperate look. His eyes turned wide, seemingly showing up blue veins inside them and a black aura behind.

"Puff!" The blond girl couldn't help laugh at his words. But his words did make startled. She gave Jenny a deep look trying to identify her. But unfortunately, Jenny wasn't very popular.

"Bam" Hearing his words, Jenny puts a big smile on her face, followed by deadly red eyes and a terrifying aura as she looked at Mike. She clenched her fist and smashed into his head.

"Ow! Ow!" Mike bent his legs, falling down while holding his head with screams out of his mouth. Originally, Jenny was angry because of his words, but suddenly she noticed others looking at her. Her face turned red due to embarrassment.

She couldn't help but glare at Mike. But Mike started whistling, putting his hands behind his head and looking at the front. They kept following the blond lady. After few minutes, they reached in front of the gate. The blond lady directly opened the door and entered the room.

"Uh-huh!" But the moment three of them entered the room, their expression froze. Although it was common, fairly common still it was embarrassing to find man and woman kissing each other deeply. Jenny's face turned little red.

In front of her, Daniel's lips were stuck on a black-haired beauty lips. She was a tall and gorgeous lady with pale whitish skin wearing a short green skirt. When three of them entered the room, her eyes rolled as she saw them staring.

She pushed Daniel away and bent her head down. While bending her head, she couldn't help but glare at Daniel with an embarrassed face. But Daniel made a white face as if he knew nothing. He couldn't help but glance at the blond lady and asked: "You took the shortcut, didn't you Mary?"

Mira gives him a death glare making him feel embarrassed. Mike got a quick sight of her expression and found something very interesting.

'Huh! So, she is the queen.' Although polygamy wasn't an issue in the current world, many people still don't like this concept. Of course, if you are super strong, handsome, and rich, it isn't entirely bad. Because if girls are willing then social rules don't matter.

"Ahem! Mike, please come in!" Daniel looked at Mike and spoke with a gentle smile. The gorgeous lady walked towards the sofa and sat there. Her face was still red. Jenny gave him a glance and walked towards the sofa.

She was only accompanying him but she was still a little shocked from inside. Unlike Mike, she knew the origin of Daniel. She was a little flustered too. When Daniel got a sight of her, he smiled but didn't speak. At the same time, he thought 'I didn't expect her to be here. It seems like we are getting pretty messed up.'

'Should I ask her about his identity? But his name was clearly Tyson. Still, though, we don't have much information about his true parents.'

He felt very much conflicted about whether to ask her or not. While he fell in deep thought, Mary walked nearly him and pinched his shoulder.

"Oh! Sorry, I suddenly remembered something. Sorry about that!" Daniel's body suddenly shocks by her pinch. Only then he remembered he fell in deep thought for a long time. He looks at Mike and apologized to him.

"Sir Daniel, shall we talk about the topic?" Mike asked while sitting on a chair opposite the table. He was sitting in an outside chair where he should sit. Daniel nods his head and walked behind the table. He also sits on his own chair as for Mary, she just stood near him as his assistant.

"Mike, the thing I am going to say might hurt you a little. So, I will give you a choice to hear me or not. If you would like to hear me, then we can continue otherwise, you can leave." In an instant, the laughing and smiling expression on Daniel's face disappeared.

Instead, a serious look appeared on his face. His words surprised Mary and the gorgeous lady. As for Jenny, she wasn't surprised instead she was giving Mike a deep glance. She doesn't want Mike to say no. After all, that action would be very cowardly actions.

"Of course, I would like to hear. After all, I can't give up King's Academy." Mike chuckled and agreed without hesitation.

Suddenly, Daniel shook his hand and four small crystal balls the size of a football appeared on the table. Mike wasn't surprised since he had seen Dimension Ring on Jenny. Daniel wasn't also surprised by Mike's calm look after all he knows Jenny's identity.

"These are Dark Energy Crystals. Each crystal holds the same amount of pure dark energy as the stone on the awakening ceremony." Daniel spoke looking deeply at Mike. Although Mike understood his intention, other ladies were confused.

Seeing Mike's calm face, Daniel was a little confused this time but he still maintained his serious look and spoke "Although this might sound ridiculous, I believe your innate ability has the chance to level up."

"What?" All three ladies shouted at the same time making Daniel and Mike almost fall down the chair. The gorgeous lady and Mary caught Daniel's collar and shouted "Are you serious? Do you mean his ability can be upgraded like Mad Beast Emperor?"

'Mad Beast Emperor? That's one hell of a weird but a cool name.' Mike praised the nickname of that man and put his hand on the crystal. His action caught the attention of Daniel. When he glanced at the crystal, his eyes widened with surprise.

"Red Core!"

His shocked face made two ladies look at the crystal. The gorgeous lady didn't find any weird since she didn't know about Mike. But Mary was shocked. After all, she had read the file about Mike. She knew Mike's innate ability was E-Rank.

"So, it is true." Looking at Mike with surprise and shock in her eyes, she murmured. At this moment, her eyes blurred as she saw someone else instead of Mike. He was a long dark-toned boy. He was wearing a yellow shirt with gray pants, standing with a small on his face.

When Daniel's collar was freed, he rushed towards Mike and caught his shoulder. With an utter shock in his eyes, he couldn't help but shout at Mike "How did your innate ability reach D-Rank? Did you consume pure dark energy? No, your family doesn't have mu...…."

Suddenly, his head turned at Jenny. At this moment, a slight alert appeared in his eyes as he asked himself 'Did Flora's family also recognized his talent? Although it's not impossible, they wouldn't try to raise another tiger in their family. Although master doesn't listen to Flora's family requests, he still no intention to betray them.'

'Even though they can't do anything to master now, it wouldn't be impossible to raise him and turn him against master. After all, S-Rank ability has unlimited potential and Flora family are insane about their goal.'

Suddenly, he remembered it would be really difficult if Mike gets into their family. Currently, there are three major powers in this world. Although the Flora family doesn't count as a major power, Revolution behind them has the strongest power in this world.

King's Academy is second to them. Each continent has one ruling emperor but there are many other emperors inside a single continent. King's Academy has Ten Emperors sitting in the thorn of the vice dean.

As for the dean, he is as mysterious as Jenny's father. Mad Beast Emperor is one of ten emperors. But Daniel knows he has already surpassed Emperor. Although he doesn't know the true strength of his master, it would be only weaker than the mysterious dean and Jenny's father by a little.

Finally, there is another power 'Dark Raven Organization'. This organization was kind of opposite to Revolution. If revolution is a good guy in the eyes of a cultivator, Dark Raven Organization is kind of evil in their eyes.

From Revolution perspective, the people who join this organization are mad dogs. But there are many unknown truths that are kept in dark. King's Academy is currently neutral. But if Mike joins any one of these organizations, they might no longer be neutral.

While Daniel was drowning in his own thoughts, Mike pulled him out with a single sentence "Huh! Why isn't my innate ability improving?"

These were like thunderbolts in Daniel's mind until he noticed the crystal down below.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Of course, it won't increase this easily. Do you expect a single pure dark energy crystal can improve your innate ability?" Daniel scolded Mike seeing a foolish expression on his face. He pointed at other crystals and said "Try absorbing all of them."

Mike nods his head and absorbed the energy from the second crystal. Although he could feel the slight change in his innate ability, it still didn't improve. Without any hesitation, he absorbed the energy from another crystal.

Suddenly, he looked at Daniel and asked with a suspicious expression "These aren't the fake crystals, right?"

"Of course not!" While denying Mike's question, he took out four more crystals and said "I didn't expect you would improve your innate ability on your own. Although you improved your innate ability, unless I see the proof with my own eyes you can't join King's Academy."

Mike nodded his head. He didn't care whether they will let him join or not. He understands his innate ability can be improved and that's it. Of course, the question would be the amount of energy required to upgrade his innate ability.

To awaken E-Rank talent, he had to go through the awakening ceremony three times. As for why he didn't awaken F-Rank talent with a low amount of energy, he didn't understand. But now, he can find the amount of energy absorbed by him increased each time.

When he absorbed the first crystal energy, he couldn't absorb all of it. He could only absorb sixty to seventy percent. So he was hoping, he could absorb a hundred percent energy from remaining after the fourth crystal.

This is why there weren't any abnormalities in his previous awakening ceremony. After he started absorbing the fifth crystal, he finally let out a satisfied smile. This time, he absorbed a single bit of energy from the crystal.

At the same time, an abnormality occurred in his body. Suddenly, his Divine Sun Body also started absorbing dark energy. At this moment, the energy got evenly divided between his Divine Sun Body and Brute Force.

Feeling this, his smile disappeared and his expression sank. If this were to continue, he wouldn't be able to upgrade his brute force and that means he will miss the chance to join King's Academy. He couldn't help but look at Daniel and ask "Umm…. Do you have any more crystals?"

"Boy, do you think pure dark energy crystals are cabbages? Do you know how much this costs? Ten million, one crystal costs ten million dollars. Eight crystals are the maximum number of crystals I can take out." Daniel yelled at Mike when he asked for more crystals.

Even if is rich, he can't casually take out ten million dollars without restriction. Hearing his words, Mike's face sank deeply. Previously, he didn't think it would cost so much. He has twenty-five million and so he can only pay for two crystals.

But most shocking was Daniel. Mike didn't expect Daniel would use eighty million dollars for him, betting on an uncertain future. Mike couldn't help but admire Daniel. At this moment, he closed his eyes and took a long breath before releasing it.

He slowly moved his hand to the sixth crystal and did something he never thought he would do.

Dominate, dominate his Divine Sun Body. At this moment, he began to control his Divine Sun Body, without letting it a chance to absorb energy. Others also noticed his abnormalities but didn't say anything.

After he touched the sixth crystal, his eyes were shut.

'Control the energy, control the flow, and dominate the ability. Divine Sun Body, an arrogant and heavenly talent, but now you belong to me. So, you must listen to me.'

It wasn't easy. It's like when you finish twenty push-ups and your body no longer wants to continue. At this moment, you mustn't give up. Because if you can succeed at this moment, finish thirty push-ups, then you would be able to forty.

Because this was the breaking point. Once you succeed here, you can succeed everywhere. Mike was in similar condition. He wants his Brute Force to absorb the energy but his Divine Sun Body was trying to steal that energy.

At this moment, he understood if he let the Divine Sun Body do as it wants, he would never be able to control it ever again. But to stop this divine body was a hard job. It was just like the moment where you need a lot of willpower to continue.

But there a certain problem. Mike had no willpower. To be exact, he never wanted some sort of supremacy or immense strength, he just wanted adventure. And maybe because of this, he was able to hold on. Gritting his teeth, he kept reminding himself.

'King's Academy, a cave filled with geniuses, wasting a single moment could be devastating. I promised myself to live a life filled with adventures and excitement. If I give up now, I wouldn't be able to live that life.'

At this moment, Mike felt a burst of confidence. He doesn't know where this confidence was coming from. But he understands, this was the confidence he required. At this moment, he completely suppressed his Divine Sun Body.

All the energy absorbed from the crystals flowed into his core, merging with the source of innate ability. His core can suck dark energy from the surroundings and his own body. These kinds of energies merge his body and temper his strength.

Once his strength increases, the remaining energy merges with the innate ability source and turned into ability energy. The most mysterious part of the innate ability source is its function to turn pure energy into a dilute form of energy

Dilute Form of energy contains huge volume to fill his core. Once his core is filled, it will evolve and each evolution would make the space inside the core larger. This why the rank of the ability matters a lot. E-Rank Brute Force can improve his strength by 5 but D-Rank Brute Force can improve his strength by 10.

There is a huge difference. And this difference comes from the purity of ability energy. Even if you are an S-Rank, you won't break through each day or once a week even if you can. Why? Because if a person breakthrough with a low level of purity in his dilute form of energy, his core evolution won't be much effective.

But if a person breakthrough with a high level of purity in his dilute form, his core evolution would be much more effective, improving the size of a space by ten or even twenty times. Not just space, but also physical strength.

An S-Rank wouldn't try to break through in three hours with sixty percent of purity which is about three-fifth of the purity of original energy. Instead, he would take an entire day to break through with over a hundred percent of purity.

This is the difference between S-Rank and A-Rank. This is the exact reason why Daniel was so willing to spend over eighty million dollars just to prove if Mike's innate ability can evolve. A-rank has a limit and that hundred percent.

The purity of dilute energy can reach up to the purity of original energy for A-Rank innate ability. Of course, it takes time and patience. But S-Rank can break that limit. They can go beyond a hundred percent which makes the limit non-existent.

When Mike finished absorbing the energy from the sixth crystal, his hand touched the seventh. After two minutes, a powerful energy wave burst out of his body. At this moment, a smile appeared on his lips because his innate ability finally reached C-Rank.

At the same time, the remaining energy entered his body and another core was gradually emerging at his right arm. At this moment, he was finally breaking into the second stage. But suddenly, an idea rang in his mind.

He moved his hand to the last crystal and sucked the energy from that crystal. Daniel also saw this but didn't stop. Because at this moment, his mind was flying with happiness. As for Mike, he was sucking the energy from the last crystal to evolve his Divine Sun Body.

When Mike allowed it to absorb energy that had entered his body, the Divine Sun Body began to madly devour it without any consent. Although Mike didn't stop it, he didn't allow the Divine Sun Body to completely absorb the energy from his body.

After all, he was still breaking into the second stage. At this moment, his body was going under a tremendous change. After a short moment, he moved his thought and a screen panel appeared in front of his eyes. The screen that only he can see.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Second Stage (Zero Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+20 STR), Fire Element

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-3)

STR: 53 (Divine Sun Body +15)

AGI: 36

INT: 32

STM: 45

DEF: 48 (Divine Sun Body +10)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+100 STR), Super Speed (+100 AGI), Super Endurance (+ 100DEF),

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora

Stats Points: 0

System Points: 5

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 2 HP,

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'System, one last time 'Superman or Symbol of Peace'?' Looking at his status, Mike couldn't help but ask.

"God of Sex" But he still got the same reply.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Wait a minute, you are calling me God of Sex knowing that I have only done it with a single girl.' Suddenly, a strange thought rang in his mind. This made him curious though. He understands he needs to have a lot of sex.

But how to find more girls? He doesn't have a single thought for that. Suddenly, an image came to his mind and he thought 'Well, I should meet up with Lauren and improve our relationship.'

"Here take this!" Daniel took out a silver card with a symbol (K) in the middle and pass it to Mike. Looking at the silver card, Mike understood this must be the identity of King's Academy. While he took the card, he asked "Should I participate in the upcoming competition?"

"Of course you should! From now on, you need to earn resources on your own and improve your talent. Master has given you two years, within two years, you need to improve your innate ability to S-Rank. If you succeed in doing so, he will take you as his disciple." Daniel nodded his head and answered.

While speaking, he tried to keep a superior tone. After all, he was the right-hand man of the Mad Beast Emperor. But in return, Mike blandly nodded his head. Finally, he said, "I should leave now."

"You should indeed leave. By the way, if you face any problem, you can contact me." Daniel nodded his head and spoke.

"Wait, I really do need your help for something." Just when he heard Daniel's words, he didn't hesitate to ask for help. To be precise, he waiting for Daniel to say such words.

"What do you need?" Hearing his tone, Daniel's mood darkens. He felt he was played by Mike. But he couldn't refuse due to his position. But Mike's words surprised him.

"Can you send people to keep my mom safe? I don't need people to protect me but I am very worried about my mom"

"No problem! Although a person would be a complete fool to attack an ordinary person in the presence of Revolution, there are plenty of fools in this world." Daniel burst into laughter while nodding his head. He didn't expect Mike would make such an honest request.

Mike nodded his head and turned around. He saw Jenny standing next to the door waiting for him to leave the room. While they moved out of the room, a strange movement started inside. Energy burst out of Daniel turning into a large metal box.

He placed a metal box attached to the door because he didn't walk there. He directly grabbed the beautiful lady in his hand and placed his lips on hers with a domineering attitude. At the same time, he caught Mary with his left hand. She tried to struggle and break free unfortunately she was too for that.

"Daniel, you are not getting a threesome in the office." Feeling his tight grip, Mary shouted near his ears. Since she couldn't move away, she decided to move forward. And doing so, she directly fell into his trap. Daniel suddenly loosened his grip and moved his hand under her stomach.

In an instant, he pulled her skirt up and pierced his finger through her pink black panties.

"Ahh!"

Feeling a sharp finger barging into her clit. In an instant, her emotions burst out in the sense of pleasure. At the same time, he snuck his tongue inside the mouth of the beautiful lady. Rubbing and rotating his tongue around her, he gave her the same pleasure.

Suddenly, he found a hand rushing to his bottoms. That hand belongs to none other than the gorgeous lady. She slowly unzipped his pants and pushed her hand inside. When her hand came out, it was followed with a powerful canon nearly ten inches in size.

She stroke her hand a few times until she broke free from his lips. She fell to her knees and put her face forward. Her mouth opened as a pink tongue moved out. She touched the tip of the cannon with her tongue, bringing a pleasurable sensation to Daniel.

As she moved forward, she slowly swallowed a large python into her mouth. Women are the only creature that can swallow the pythons who normally swallows everything.

At the same time, Daniel moved his left hand as he wasn't satisfied with her blowjob. His left hand caught the top of Mary and energy burst out of his hand. This energy wasn't weak. Now, the clothes that awakened people wears are much stronger.

So, he needed more force to burst her clothes into pieces without hurting her. And he did that exactly. When the clothes were burst into pieces, two giant boobs wobble in front of him. This sight made him realize how much he missed her boobs.

When he was about to bend down and move his face, he got a death glare from Mary. Knowing her mood, he unfolded another finger and pierced inside her. At the same time, he moved closer and began to suck on her nipples.

Henceforth, threesome in the office began!

At this moment, Mike and Jenny had already left the office. While they walking down the street, a figure flew towards them. In an instant, this figure appeared in front of Jenny. This man was a handsome dude wearing a pair of jeans and a yellow t-shirt.

He had sunglasses on his eyes. When he appeared in front of her, he didn't hesitate to shout "Jenny, I came to meet you. Are you surprise?"

"No, I am not!" Jenny's face frowned when she saw the youth in front of her. This youth was none other than Adam. He not only appeared in front of her in a short time but also changed his dress.

Adam was startled by her look. Suddenly, he noticed Jenny wasn't alone. His gaze moved as he saw another person holding her hand. In his eyes, this person was not handsome, not tall, nor strong. These were the first thoughts that came to his mind.

Practically, he was correct. Unfortunately, he was none other than Mike. When Mike saw Adam, his eyes brightened wide. Suddenly, a blissful expression appeared in his eyes as he introduced "Hello! My name is Mike Tyson. I am Jenny's boyfriend."

At the same time, he was expecting the answer in his heart 'Come on! Come on! Scold me, yell at me, call me trash, hit me...... No, no, no, don't hit me! Expect that, you can call me anything and also don't call me motherfucker cause I'm not.'

Adam was startled by Mike's approach. For a moment, he didn't know how to reply. But soon, he adjusted himself and said "Hello, my name is Adam. I am her fiancé."

'Yes, yes, yes, that's it. Now, make me hate you, make me mad, so that I can challenge you.' Suddenly, he gazed at Adam's eyes, bursting out few lightning strikes.

"Unfortunately, Jenny chose you. It seems we aren't fated." While Mike was trying to think of a domineering line against Adam, he felt cold water poured into him. Suddenly, a fire burst out of his eyes.

In an instant, he clutched Adam's collar and shouted "What the fuck are you saying? You are her fiancé. Aren't you too girly to admit to so fast? Look at me and tell me how am I worthy for her? I have no looks, no background, no money, and no power. Shouldn't you tell me I am not worthy of her and motivate me to practice harder? Are you even a man?"

But suddenly, he stopped. Although he went all out scolding Adam, he noticed a slight blush on his face. At this moment, only one thought rang in his mind 'Fuck!'

"Mike, he wasn't trying to court me because he is gay." The moment Jenny spoke, the word that was ringing in his mind finally escape his mouth "Fuck!" In an instant, he pushed Adam away. At this moment, Mike's face turned completely green. He felt he had eaten cow dung.

"Come on! Don't you have any better manly suitor that can challenge me?" Mike reached out to Jenny, holding her shoulder, he shouted at her face. His green face made her burst in her laughter. She naturally didn't care about his suitor syndrome.

She broke free from his arms and walked towards Adam. At this moment, Adam's face was completely red. Seeing his red face, she giggled and said "Go home and tell dad to break our marriage! I already have a boyfriend and he is worthy enough for me."

Her words completely broke his shyness. In an instant, the redness in his face disappeared and he nodded his head with a serious face. He turned around and rushed away, leaving only afterimages.

Jenny walked near Mike and said "Fortunately, he is gay. If he wasn't then you would be dead right now. Although he looks young, his cultivation is the fifth stage of General Realm. You can understand what that means. He can crush you just by his aura alone and while fighting, he is very cruel."

'Wtf? Is he really a man?' Hearing her words, Mike began to doubt his gender. After all, that guy literally broke the sense of cruelty. But he didn't too much instead grabbed her hand and rushed towards home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, what's your plan after reaching home?" Jenny asked while walking on the road.

"Practice, of course! Two months deadline is kind of hard to meet. But now, I have better confidence." When found his unique ability would instantly add a strength after reaching the higher realm, he was excited to break through once again.

Unfortunately, his cultivation was still very for now. And it would definitely take some time. But the most ridiculous thing was the cultivation talent of his unique ability. As long as he cultivates consciously during sex, he can improve his realm.

And more importantly, he must consciously use a Chaotic Path towards the Harmony while doing sex otherwise he won't get much benefit just like last time. In other words, it's kind of like dual cultivation.

"Good! Then, I will accompany you on your cultivation." While speaking, she leaned closer to his head and whispered "In bed, of course!"

Hearing her words, flames burst out of his eyes. But soon, he controlled himself. But suddenly, someone shouted from behind "Mike!"

Hearing this voice, he instantly understood the person was none other than Lucas. But when he turned back and saw the figure standing right behind him, his heartbeat raced to two hundred in an instance.

"What a coincidence. What a coincidence, Lauren. I didn't expect we would meet here." Mike instantly made laughter trying to give Lauren a hug but didn't expect Lauren to dodge it. When Lauren moved to the side, she gave Jenny a frightening glare and asked "Mike, who is she?"

"Mike, who is she?" At the same time, Jenny also asked while giving Lauren a deathly glare.

"That is a coincidence. That's exactly what I was going to tell you. Let me introduce two of you." Mike directly gave up hiding. Lauren was a general. Her talent was A- rank. And she was the same age as Mike, one year older than Jenny.

Jenny was a soldier. Her talent was also A-rank but she was one year younger than Mike and Lauren. Even so, she had a powerful family background. That makes her even more frightening than Lauren. Most importantly, both of them have dragon innate ability.

Mike understands if he wants both of them to accept each other. He must hurry otherwise if he gets late, both of them might start hating each other and him. After all, dragons are proud especially a dragon that has grown up.

If it a baby dragon, it might be possible to convince or tame them but it would be literally impossible to tame an adult dragon.

'Alright! Here it goes!' Mike tried to keep his heartbeat calm but no matter how much he tries, he was still scared. Mike stand between them and first took Lauren's hand. This time, she didn't dodge him. Taking his hand, he looked at Jenny and winked, saying.

"Jenny, this is Lauren Green. She is my childhood friend and also my girlfriend."

Before giving them a chance to speak, Mike took Jenny's hand and spoke while looking at Lauren "Lauren, this is Jenny Flora. She is my girlfriend and also my first-timer."

Suddenly, the surrounding dropped silently. Reading the environment, Mike laughed and spoke "Except my first kiss, which you took in the middle of the night."

"Wow, sister you really did that." Suddenly, out of nowhere, Lucas's eyes widen as he asked Lauren with shock.

Hearing his question, Lauren's lips twitched. She felt burning anger in her heart that she wanted to flush out. She walked towards Mike and caught his collar, saying "We need a talk." Just when Jenny was about to speak, Lauren glared at her and coldly said "Alone!"

But unexpectedly, her glare didn't work on Jenny. She walked near him, held his other hand, and whispered "We also need a talk." Then, she looked at Lauren and giggled "In bed!"

"He is going with me!" Lauren pulled him behind her and glared at Jenny. When she spoke, she realized her aura and displayed her cultivation to suppress Jenny.

"No, he is going with me otherwise dear mother will feel lonely." Seeing her cultivation, and feeling her aura, Jenny got no choice but to use Elizabeth.

In Mike's home, Elizabeth was cleaning the home while she suddenly sneezed "Achoo!"

"There isn't a single speck of dust. Why would I sneeze out of nowhere?" A confusion flashed on her face as she muttered.

If Mike had heard his, he would scream "Mom, your future daughter-in-law is using you as a defense. If you do nothing, you will be unfair to others."

But on another hand, he wouldn't say something like this. After all, he still remembers "Jenny is my first mistress. So, it would be obvious for Jenny to get high support from their mom. But on other hand, mom knows about Lauren too well."

While Mike listened to their bickering, a thought came across his mind. Immediately, he took their hands and rushed away leaving Lucas alone. Mike believes in Bro before hoes unfortunately, they aren't hoes.

So, he didn't say goodbye before leaving Lucas. While running away, Jenny asked "Mike, what are you doing? Why are you running so fast?"

At this moment, she was still startled. After all, his speed was almost close to the A-Rank talent of the third stage in Solider Realm. But in truth, he was just a C-Rank talent of the second stage in the soldier realm. There was a huge difference, nine evolution.

Each three evolution has a huge impact on ability energy. For the A-Rank cultivator, each evolution improves its strength by five according to his system's strength measurement. But when a person passes from the third evolution to the fourth evolution, his ability energy will be transformed.

It doesn't improve the quality of the ability energy rather strengthens the ability. Strengthening the ability many times grants a unique feature of that ability. Such as the current Brute Force only improves his strength.

Even if he improves rank, it doesn't necessarily improve his endurance or speed. But going through many evolutions, he can awaken a unique feature of his ability. And, not just one, but many unique features.

This happens mostly when a person increases his entire realm. He has heard from Lucas that Lauren awakened power to call lightning from the clouds when she reached General Realm. Previously, she could only summon storms because of her dragon blood.

But now, she can summon clouds with her storms and strike down the lightning bolts. At the same time, she even got a chance to partially cover her body with dragon scales.

"Of course, we are going to meet mom. Both of you are very strong, do you expect me to stop you two?" When he said to meet his mom, both girls got a little wrong meaning turning their face red. Even though Jenny was bold, she didn't think he will take her to meet his mother in front of another girl.

"By the way, why did you have a cake on your hand?" When he tried to hug her, Lauren was holding a package that seems like a cake in her hand. Although she hurriedly put it on her spatial ring, he still noticed it.

"I was free, so I visited the market. Suddenly, Lucas rushed to the market and said Luke had reached the eighth stage of Soldier Realm. So, he suggested buying a cake." Although improving a single stage wasn't something to be proud of, he still shocked that Luke improved so much in such less time.

"But how? How did he cultivate two stages in just a few days?" Hearing her words, a shock flashed in his eyes as he asked with surprise. When he faced Mantle previously, Luke helped him. At that time, both of them were at the sixth stage and now he was already at the eighth stage. He even suspected Luke was cheating.

"Dud! Of course, he would reach the eighth stage. If he hadn't reached the eighth stage with all the resources that I have given him, I would have broken his legs. Humph! I am only a year older than him but there is such an insane gap between us. He should be ashamed of having such a great talent." Lauren snorted while explaining.

Suddenly, he stopped making them surprised. Mike looked at Lauren and said "You are still proud to say that. You cultivated three years before him. Even though there is only a year gap between you and Luke, you started cultivating at the age of thirteen."

"By the way, since Luke has improved, how can we not congratulate him?"

Saying so, he turned at Jenny and said "How about visiting her house? I can call mom and say we would be late for dinner."

"Wait, is she staying with you?" Hearing his words, a burning fire appeared in her eyes as she looked at Jenny with a trace of jealousy.

"Uh-huh!" With no excuse to make, Mike nodded his head with a helpless expression.

"Enough is enough! You are coming to my home with me." Grabbing his hand, she turned around. But once again, she looked at Jenny and fiercely spoke "And, you are not invited."

"Humph! Who wants to visit your rotten house?" Jenny also got angry by her attitude. But before turning away, she fiercely glanced at Mike and snorted "If you came late, I am going to tell mom about your battle with Mantle."

Without even bothering about his reply, she directly vanished with her fast speed. As for Mike, he kept asking himself 'Why did I even though of congratulating Luke?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Congratulation Luke!" Lucas, Mike, and Lauren shouted in unison while Lauren held the cake in her hand.

"It's just a breakthrough. You didn't have to this far." Although Luke was beaming with happiness, he tried to act cool with his chest straight out and head shooting tall. He closed his eyes with a proud smile on his face.

"Splash"

"Yes, you are right. We shouldn't have done this way." Suddenly, Lauren held the cake in her one palm and smashed into his proud face. Mike and Lucas backed her as they pushed and swing the cake on his face.

Luke got his face covered with cake, trying to act bullied but his face wasn't clear. Mike, Lucas, and Lauren laughed at him. Mike walked near him, and patted his shoulder saying "This is your punishment for calling me, little brother."

Luke removed the cake from his mouth and spoke "It wasn't my fault. You were together with my little brother as his best friend. How could I address my little brother's best friend as Elder Brother? Won't that make our relationship even more complicated?"

"Okay, from now on you can call me brother-in-law." Mike pointed the thumb finger at himself and spoke with a proud face.

Hearing his words, Lucas wasn't surprised but Luke couldn't help but look at Lauren. She got his gaze and nodded her head. But there was a wave of slight anger in her face. She lifted her hand, caught his waist, and pinched his skin.

"Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!"

"Humph! You dare to find a girl without even bothering to talk with me. I remembered you told me that you weren't going to engage in sex. But two days later, you dare to keep the relationship with the other." Even though Mike screamed in pain, she didn't let go. Instead, she started scolding him hard.

At this moment, Luke and Lucas rapidly ran away. They didn't want to get in conflict with their sister. And they already knew their sister loves Mike. They weren't intensely shocked.

But Mike was on the verge of crying. He didn't know what kind of excuse to give. Finally, he took a long breath and spoke "It's probably because I'm too charming. And I'm too good at bed."

"Oh really! Then I would like to try how good you are?" Saying so, she picked up Mike and walked towards her room. In her arms, Mike felt she was too domineering. At the same time, he promised himself 'No matter how domineering you are here, I will settle the score of the bed.'

'And I must let her know how you can transform into the dragon without dragon blood.'

"Bam" As she locked down the door, she woke him up from his fantasies.

She threw him at the bed and slowly entered the bed. She walked on four legs as she got closer to him. At this moment, Mike told himself 'Mike, you can't shrink back. You must take an initiative. You can't let a woman r*pe you twice.'

Saying so, he instantly rushed towards her and caught her head by her hair. With a domineering manner, he plunged his lips on her with a trace of ferocity in his eyes. Seeing this, Lauren's pupils shrunk. She was going to push away Mike by her instinct when she felt a soft tongue entering her mouth.

"Umm! Umm!"

His tongue inserted deep inside her mouth and slowly rubbed around her tongue. Feeling the taste of her soft tongue, his little brother started his transformation. At this moment, he wants to prove he can transform even without dragon blood.

"Ahh!"

Suddenly, Mike caught her by her waist and threw her at the bed. Doing so, his mouth separated from her. When Mike got above her, his face was very close to her. But they didn't engage in anything else. A charming smile appeared on her lips as she spoke "You broke the law. I thought you didn't do it with me because you wanted to wait till we reach eighteen."

Hearing her words, he felt a trace of sadness in her eyes. That deeply hidden by her charming smile but he didn't miss it. He slowly got near her as his nose touched hers. He whispered "Sorry for avoiding you. I...….."

Just when he was about to explain, she plunged her lips into his. Getting the chance of his shocked expression, she pushed her tongue inside his and intertwined with his tongue. Slowly feeling the sweetness of her tongue, he made his move.

He slowly started taking off his clothes. Soon, he removed his pant and remained on the underwear. Lauren didn't blink when she saw Mike's bare chest. He slowly moved his hand near her breast, only then she started reacting a little.

"Stop! I will take it off myself." Lauren freed herself from the kiss and made him stop. Although she was very bold, her face was burning red. Mike got up but when he did, she hastily turned her head. But her eyes couldn't help but peek at his lower body.

His little brother was slowly transforming into the little dragon. It needs no dragon blood. When you have the intention and enough reason, transformation can occur with just the feast of his eyes.

She slowly took off her clothes, she remained only on her bra and panty. For a moment, she couldn't look at his eyes. She was very bold most of the time, so that's why her current condition makes her immensely cute.

"When did you became so shy?" Seeing her shy so much, Mike couldn't help but get frustrated. But suddenly, he thought 'No way, she should be shy. I cannot let her go back to her domineering state because of my words.'

'And why did I start liking her domineering behavior? No way, there is no way I am a masochist. I am a normal man who has the wish to create his harem. I was suppressed by her because her realm is very high. There are no other intentions. Mike, you are not a masochist.'

Thinking of this, he instantly gets rid of his thoughts. Yeah, he likes getting domineering kisses but he doesn't like to get beaten while having sex.

Without another word, he instantly grabbed her hand and pushed her into the bed. She fell on her back and he got above her like usual. Except for this time, his bare chest was feeling the hardness of those nipples.

He didn't like to start rough, so he faced close to her and put his mouth on hers. While putting his tongue inside her, he freed her hand and moved it closer to her bra. Feeling his hands on her bra, she felt shaken for a moment.

Finally, a thought rang into her mind and she stopped hesitating. Instead, she slowly spread her right hand and slid down his stomach. At the same time, he succeeds in removing her white bra. Suddenly, his body shrill with excitement.

He could feel her soft hands touching his completely transformed little dragon. So, he let go of her mouth and said "I didn't bring any contraceptives."

"Who cares?" Hearing her words, his face twitched. At this moment, he fell in silence as he thought 'No way, if I made her pregnant, it would be freaking bad.'

"But I don't understand why it grew from three inches to almost nine inches. Is this the reason you didn't think to try to have sex before? Although having sex before eighteen is illegal, almost no one follows this rule." When she tried to hold his little dragon, she found her hand could only cover less than half of it.

"You can say that." After speaking, he instantly held her boobs and started pressing them. Although he didn't watch porn in this life, he had watched a lot of them in his previous life. So, when he started pressing her boobs, he didn't focus much on that giant.

Instead, he focused on the core of that giant. He moved his face closer to her right breast and opened his mouth. He didn't suck instead he tried to take a bite.

"Mmmmm" Moan leaked from her mouth and rang throughout the room. She tried to control it but he stopped biting it and started sucking. While doing so, he moved his left hand to her left breast and pressed her nipple hard.

"Mmm! Mi…. Mike! Mmmm! Y… don't pinch so hard." A cultivator can bear most of the pain but when the pain occurs during these kinds of moments, they can't hold it. Because it wouldn't be a regular pain. It would be pain that makes a person feel pleasure.

"M…. Mike, for the first time. Can you not do anything else? Just put it in!" When he heard her request, he felt a little unbelievable. He didn't understand why she would make such a request. But he denied it. He stopped sucking her breast and spoke "Until you become completely wet, I won't insert it."

By saying so, he slid his hand down to her panty. His middle finger and the ring finger entered her dark cave. Suddenly, his two fingers spread straight and bent a little. In an instant, his finger hits her spot.

"Ahhhh!" A moan completely consumed with pleasure rang throughout the room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Umm! Mike, y...yo...you are very good...… at this." While feeling the intense pleasure, she didn't stop praising him. His fingers were hitting her spots without stopping for a long time. But Mike didn't stop there. His face leaned closer to her chest as he started sucking her nipple hard.

Slowly he moved his finger deeper and faster, increasing her moaning. He kept doing it for a long time as his skill improved a little by little.

"Mike..... slow down! Slow down! I ... I….. I can't control it...."

"I'm cummmming." Finally, she couldn't hold more. She finally released white liquid out of her cave and wet his hands. At this moment, her hand accidentally touched his little dragon and found the size has increased again.

At this moment, she was a little confused. She didn't know how could his little dragon improve so much? Actually, this had something to do with his control. He wanted to make her wet completely and so he had to control his desire to pierce her.

He completely controlled himself but that made his little dragon size improve. For a moment, even he was surprised. But he didn't care about her expression. He suddenly moved his head in front of her and looked into her eyes.

"I'm going to put it in."

"Umm! Be gentle!" Lauren slightly blushed and nodded her head. She couldn't look directly at his eyes, so she shifted her eyes away. Mike noticed her shyness and nodded his head. He didn't force her to look at his eyes instead positioned himself.

He grabbed his little dragon and slowly touched the outermost layer with the tip. This brought an intense feeling to Lauren. Slowly, he inserted it. He had only inserted one inch, she cried in pain.

"It hurts!"

But he didn't listen to her. If he started listening to her, then he might never be able to take her virginity. Suddenly, this made him think about Jenny. After all, he also took her virginity. At least, this is what he thinks. After all, she didn't tell him anything about that day.

He fucked her up and focused on the system to save his own life. After that, he got unconscious and found Jenny brought him to the town. During his first time, her cultivation improved a lot because of his pure Yang essence.

But his cultivation didn't improve because he couldn't capture her yin essence. Unlike a female, he had to consciously capture her yin essence because he would be the one banging her. While doing so, each strike will extract a bit of her yin essence.

And he needs to use a dual cultivation method to capture that essence. So, when he was slowly inserting inside her, he was trying to chant Chaotic Path towards the Harmony inside his mind. This way he can improve his cultivation while banging her.

Otherwise, it would be only her getting the benefits.

"Ahhhhhhhh! It HURTS. It hurts so much. Ahhhh!"

The more he pierced, the more she cried. When his thing entered five inches inside her, blood gushed out of her cave. At this moment, he understood her virginity was finally gone. He suddenly leaned close to her and stick his lips on her.

She welcomed his lips and let his tongue infiltrate her mouth.

Pa Pa Pa Pa Pa

Finally, Mike pushed to the six inches and hit her womb making her shout "Ahhhhhh!" But instantly, he once again suppressed her lips with his and continued hitting her. This time he didn't give her a chance to break free from the kiss.

"Mmm!" "Mmm!" "Mmm"

His stamina had improved a lot. Now, those trial quests have no meaning for him. At first, sprinting ten kilometers wasn't something a normal person could do. Even with the stamina double of his original, he could barely complete.

But now, he could easily sprint for ten kilometers. He knew the system quest would be difficult for him. Because that was sprinting, not just running ten kilometers. He needed to run ten kilometers at his full speed.

So, now he was easily able to stick for a long time. And doing so, he cultivated a Chaotic Path towards Harmony perfectly in his mind. This allowed him to understand the core functions of yin essence and how to absorb them.

And he also learns how to balance her yin essence and his yang essence to create perfect harmony. Because only in that state, he could generate chaos energy out of these two energies. But after five minutes of harmony, he gradually forgets about the Chaotic Path towards the Harmony and fell deep into the realm of pleasure.

Unlike before, he started enjoying each pounding into her womb. Now that he was focused on sex, he could hear her words more clearly.

"Ahhh! Mike, you are amazing. I love you. Pound me harder!"

"Yessss! This is what I wanted. Ahhh! Yeah! Yeah!"

"You made me wait so long! Take responsibility and pound me harder!"

Finally, he understood she no longer feels any pain. At this moment, he clearly understood the difference between his sex and those hentai in his previous life. Most of them were forced and that makes a girl wait for a long time until she finally started enjoying it.

Unlike them, Mike and Lauren love each other. So, she easily accepts him and his little brother. She didn't have any resistance, only pain. And now that pain was gone because of pleasure. Now, she no longer thinks about it. Because she doesn't need to think more about it.

Her request, Mike gladly accept it and started moving his hips faster. The faster his hips moved, the more striking force it generated and harder it hit her womb. Her cave was shocked in blood and the same goes for his little dragon.

After five more minutes, her breathing got heavy as she shouted "I'm cumming!"

Pssssh

Just like the last time, she squirted into his little dragon. But that made her cave wetter and so, he kept pounding. He didn't understand why but he didn't feel he would need to cum for a while. While he was focused on cultivation, he didn't feel anything.

But now, he slowly started feeling that he was going to cum. Still, he didn't dare to cum inside her. So, he directly took it out. If it was before, Lauren might have gone crazy but now she was very much exhausted.

Even with her cultivation, sex was overwhelming. Not just her cultivation, even emperors and kings can't remain too long in sex because it certainly consumes a lot more stamina. After he took it out, he stroke it few times and shot her.

Originally, he had a dirty idea to shot on her mouth. But his little dragon was just soaked into her blood which would be pretty bad to drink. So he came out. Surprisingly, he noticed his little dragon began to shrink very fast.

For a moment, he panicked. He knew his dick was a limp dick. But now everything was changed. So, when it shrank so fast, his heartbeat shook. But suddenly, he realized his body was full of energy. At this moment, he realized his strength has improved a lot especially after cultivating a Chaotic Path towards Harmony.

He could sit down and focus on his body. But he didn't do it. Rather, he caught Lauren into his arms and walked towards the bathroom. Fortunately, there was an attached bathroom to her room, unlike Lucas's room. So, he took her for a bath.

She was a little too exhausted. He didn't mind bathing her. After all, it was pretty normal for her to get exhausted after squirting twice and also breaking her virginity. He could guess she would definitely stick for three times in their next sex.

While bathing her and himself, he didn't forget to look at his system status. For him, this was a lot easier than sitting in the lotus position and concentrating inside his body.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Third Stage (Fourth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+20 STR), Fire Element

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-3)

STR: 113 (Divine Sun Body +15)

AGI: 96

INT: 98

STM: 75

DEF: 108 (Divine Sun Body +15)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+150 STR), Super Speed (+150 AGI), Super Endurance (+ 150 DEF),

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green

Stats Points: 0

System Points: 5

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 2 HP,

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'So, my unique ability is really unique. It's not something I should think of as an S-Rank ability. It's a completely overpowered ability. And my INT also improves a lot. That means my core can hold energy equal to any normal C-Rank ability user.'

'To be honest, I am not surprised. My previous interpretation of INT was a little wrong. It doesn't represent my creativity completely rather it improves my memory. But its direct use would be to measure the ability energy in my cores.'

'And this system is completely correct. Each point in INT would be a vast improvement in my ability. If I go through my previous interpretation, then that would make me Einstein.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Alright, now I should head back home. Fortunately, it's only seven and a half pm." Looking at the clock in the room, he started dressing. Lauren had already fallen asleep while he was completely energetic. But there was one little problem. His little dragon has transformed back to the little brother and now it's not showing any chances for transforming back.

But soon, he realized the reason. There wasn't an insane feeling for sex in his heart especially after having one just thirty minutes ago. So, he left a note near her and moved out of the room.

When he walked out, he saw Lucas and Luke standing there looking at him with weirdness in their eyes. Although he was their senior, he studied for one year with each of them. That's made him their close friend. Particularly, he wasn't that much of a friend with Luke.

Luke was kind of a straight guy who takes many things seriously. Unlike him, Lucas was a guy who loves to hang out with Mike. Although Lucas was two years younger, he was like a friend rather than a brother.

Lauren left much earlier so Lucas was the one who hangs out with him most of the time. So, when he saw them after walking out of the room, surroundings turned a little awkward. Both Lucas and Luke were confused about how to treat Mike.

As for Mike, he was also confused. Because he didn't have any brother-in-law contact in his previous life, so he doesn't know how to talk with them. But Mike knows, he has to speak something. So, he cleared his throat and said "I think I might need to wait for few more years until I officially become your brother-in-law."

Hearing his words, a flash of joy appeared in their face. Not because he was going to be brother-in-law, but he was giving them some time to adjust. After all, even Mike has a hard time treating his aunt as a mom even though he always treats her like one.

"Alright, I have to leave right now. If I am late, I might get into trouble." Although he made some adjustments, the room was still awkward, so he had to leave. He immediately rushed towards the door and walked out without even waiting for their answer.

After he left, Lucas sighed "Hush! He just had the fun with the elder sister and now he is going to have fun with another one."

"Damn! How can he get so lucky?" Luke couldn't help but curse Mike.

"Achoo!" While running on the street, Mike sneezed making him fall into thoughts 'Although it is good, you can't miss me too much, the first mistress.'

It only took him two minutes to reach home. He didn't even ring the bell instead directly entered through the door.

"Wow!" When he first entered the room, he couldn't help but get amazed. In front of him, Jenny was walking towards the upper floor while wrapping a towel in her head and another towel around her. But that pink towel couldn't hide her pink-whitish skin on her breasts.

Though the main part was covered, it still couldn't hide that upper part. When she saw Mike looking at her with those fire in his eyes, a proud expression appeared on her face. She gave him a wink and said "Close the door and come in!"

Mike nodded his head like a mechanical robot and locked the door. But the step inside the house made him see his mother glaring at him. Instantly, his face turned awkward and he glared at Jenny with anger.

He understood she was just playing with him. So, he walked past by her ignoring her giggle, and asked "Mom, what do we have for dinner?"

"We have curry rice for tonight." Elizabeth didn't bicker with her son and replied while making some adjustments in the kitchen. Mike nodded his head and went to the sink. He washed his hand and walked towards the dinner table.

Mother and Son sat in front of each other while waiting for Jenny. His mother looked at him with a suspicious gaze and said "Am I getting another daughter-in-law?"

Hearing her words, his expression froze. He looked deeper into her eyes and saw her eyes stuck at his neck. Only then, he noticed he had some hickeys on him. But he didn't care about it and nodded his head, saying "Mom, don't panic when you see more, okay?"

"Are you underestimating your mother?" When she heard his words, she couldn't help but glare at him.

"Hehe! I was just giving you a heads-up." Mike made a swallow laugh as he played his spoon on the plate. He was waiting for his mother to serve rice and curry on the plate. Unfortunately, they had to wait for five minutes until Jenny arrives.

Looking at her, Mike got confused. He couldn't see the trace of makeup or any special clothing on her. She was wearing a pink t-shirt and blue trousers. It was a normal dress but she still took five minutes. This made him speechless.

After that, his mother served them rice and curry. Mike was excited to eat but the food was still hot. So, everyone had to wait. And that's the exact reason why his mother didn't serve at the very start. She wanted to have some conversation with them.

"Jenny, how are you planning to keep the relationship with him? Will you leave soon or stay here from on? And, can we meet your parents?" Without any reservation, his mother began to ask him questions.

Hearing her question, Mike and Jenny looked at each other. Finally, Jenny sighed and explained "Aunty, I don't think now would be the right time to meet my parents. I don't want to hide anything from an aunt. My parents are kinda powerful, so it would be hard for them to accept him in an instance."

"And, you already know how our relationship started. That's why I am trying to take my time and slowly make our relationship deeper through emotions. After all, it would be hard to accept him just because he took my first time."

"It's pretty normal nowadays. Unless you have someone you love from the childhood, first time for most women doesn't matter. In my case, I have no one that I really love or like. So, I am giving him a chance. Since he took my first time, I have no reasons to just leave him."

"I can't stay here for too long. I think Mike also needs to leave for the King's Academy very soon. So, until he grows stronger, strong enough for my parents to accept, I can't tell them. Of course, I can't hide it either way. I am pretty sure they knew about it but since they aren't disturbing us. That means they are respecting my choice. I am sorry if my answer offended you."

Hearing her, Mike and his mom looked at each other with astonished expressions. Mike's mom was even more surprised after hearing her honest answer. But soon, her expression recovered as she spoke "No, your answer really satisfied me. If my son wasn't unique, it would be impossible to make you give him a chance."

"That's the truth. For someone as beautiful as you, as rich as you, and as talented as you, only unique people are worthy to be your partner. If my son can't prove his uniqueness. If he can't get strong enough to enter your parent's eyes and get their recognition. He doesn't deserve you. He wouldn't be worthy enough for you."

"But I believe my son would be good enough for you. But you also have to improve yourself. Because I will my son will soon bring back heavenly maidens and supreme fairies in my home."

Hearing her words, Mike almost burst into tears. He knew his mother would be always supportive. But, suddenly his expression froze. His mind was racked for a moment. In his deep mind, he started screaming 'How does mom know about Heavenly Maidens and Supreme Fairies? Wait, does this mean she also knows about the system and my unique talent?'

'Is this the reason why she didn't stop when I said I want create a harem? Could it be she is... my real mother? No, no, no, no, it's impossible! How could she be my real mother? It's utterly impossible.'

'Wait a minute, I was the one who told her that. And, I also announced it in front of Jenny. But wait a freaking minute, when did I get guts to reveal such a thing front of them?'

'I don't think guts has anything to do here. My mom has already seen everything. Jenny has already seen everything, so why should I hide? That must be the reason.'

Although he tried to keep himself down, he couldn't stop thinking about it. He kept thinking for a long time until he decided something in his mind.

"Mike, why aren't you eating your dinner?" Suddenly, his mom's words woke him from his deep thoughts. He nodded his head and started eating. He couldn't help but secretly look at her. In fact, he had this doubt from a very small age.

He wasn't an idiot. He had a rational mind and think rationally. An aunt taking care of him like this shouldn't be possible especially when she was not getting married. She was over thirty, so she should've married. It's not like she was ugly.

In fact, her beauty was only inferior to Jenny. And, that was due to her age. He still remembers how beautiful she used to be when he was just four or five years old. So, he always thinks he might really be her son.

But he couldn't understand why she doesn't want to admit it? And since he was rational, he didn't ask nor brought that topic. Because he doesn't want to make any changes in their relationship. In fact, he remembers she was the one who breastfed him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the warm morning,

Mike fell on the bed with a helmet on his head. Yesterday was a hard day for him. At night, he had sex with Jenny but it was short. Although he wasn't tried, he wanted to sleep quickly so that he could enter the Ascending to Godhood.

After waking up, he finished his morning business and lay down on the bed with his helmet. He had already told Jenny, so he had no problem entering the game early this morning. But just this moment, he couldn't help but remember her words.

'Ascending to Godhood has a clear meaning. That is a completely different world with almost no rules and regulations. Of course, our world also has no rules for strong. But in that world, even if you are weak, you can do lots of things that you can't do here.'

'That world is the world of cultivation. And the VR stuff, that's something which adds the taste to the cultivation. You can get stronger by killing but that's not the end. Turning you into NPC after death, locking many resources, and giving an EXP system to everyone is something that makes it VR.'

'Because there, VR and true reality overlap with the collision of cultivation.'

Finally, he closed his eyes and entered the game. When he opened his eyes, he instantly appeared near the fountain. It was the same town that he had visited previously. He looked around and decide to find the Hunter Guild.

Originally, he wanted to visit the Goblin Hunting Forest but now, he wants to earn something specific. But it was a little hard to find the Hunter Guild. He got no choice but to ask NPC's for the position of the guild.

He approached a middle-aged man holding an ax near a shop. He approached him and asked "Sir, do you know the way to the Hunter Guild?"

Then, he lifted his finger at his right side and said "You should walk for five minutes and turn left on the third turning. After that, you need to walk for another five minutes until you reach a tall silver building. And here is a suggestion for you, once you select a task, don't forget to ask for Bookmark Map Device."

"You can get it for free but they won't ask you to take it. Once you take it, you can set your first location on Bookmark Map for free and teleport there whenever you log in. Of course, you can set other locations too but that will cost some of your wealth."

Hearing his words, Mike nodded his head and took a step to the right but suddenly stopped. He looked at the middle-aged man with confusion on his face and asked "You have memories about the real world."

"Of course, I have. For your information, this is VR space. I am technically not died but for myself, I am no different than dead." The middle-aged man understood Mike's intention instantly and shook his head.

"I don't understand. You are not dead but now, you are an NPC. Still, you have your memories, so why aren't you logging out?" The confusion on his face grew as he tried to ask.

"You should read the terms and policies before playing any games. Well, I did the same as you and ignore those terms. In one of those terms, there was a sentence. If you ever die in the Ascending to Godhood, your existence will turn into the codes."

"Although my body didn't change completely, I found part of my body was now the programming codes. I still don't understand how these people created such advanced technology. Even though I'm slowly turning into a complete program, I still admire them."

"What they are doing is completely right. If I could go out, I might never enter this game again. And not just me, there would be many other people leaving this world. Once we leave here, who would hunt those monsters?"

"In this universe, there are three thousand races and among them, our enemies are two thousand nine hundred ninety-nine. Of course, there are some peace-loving races such elf. They were originally on good terms with humans. But what did humans do? They used those elves as slaves for taking out sexual desire and frustration."

"Dragon Race never came to conflict with us. Why would a noble race try to suppress the puny humans on their own? But what did we do? We hunting lower-level dragons. We ate their flesh and drank their blood for the strength."

"Humans are the selfish creature and so, we are the enemies of all races. If the revolution hadn't created such an advanced function to turn humans into code and keep them here. Then, our real world would be in grave danger."

"So, you are telling me that you want to go back but you can't leave. And, you accepted that leaving this world would be disastrous." Mike's confusion cleared up a little. He can understand why they can't leave the world.

'If I am not wrong then the first part that turns into the codes should be heart. If you leave the world, you will lose your heart and you'll die. Living in this world is a lot better than dying, so many people live here as an NPC. I have to admit when you merge four different heads, you can get some terrifying idea.'

'I don't want to be his enemy. That would be the worst-case scenario. I must improve my prestige in his eyes so that he can trust me his daughter.'

Thinking of this, Mike nodded to himself and spoke "Thank you for your information. I will try to be careful."

Saying so, he gave a slight bow and walked towards the middle-aged man right. He passed by many other people and saw a bunch of different shops. There were many NPCs that made him suspect why none of the government didn't issue any kind of birth control policy.

There wasn't a single state that has a birth control policy. In fact, the government supports higher birth rates and provides many supports for the family that gives birth to more than five healthy children. And, that's why having more than one wife is not very scary or against the rules.

Of course, no woman wants to share their husband, so the husband must have the strength to acquire their harem. Just like Daniel. When he remembered Daniel, he couldn't help but remember those sexy ladies. In fact, he had the urge to push them to the bed.

Thinking of the ladies, he found an interesting part of this system. You can actually finish the quest partially. It's kind of difficult to understand but he found it just today when he scrolling through his daily quest.

After all, he must finish those daily quests before entering the game.

"Yearly Quest- Win the heart of Heavenly Maiden (1/1) - Partial Completion

Reward- Pioneer Body Evolution*1, System Evolution*1, S-Rank Innate Ability, Ninth-Rank Bloodline, 10000 System Points, 1000 Stats Points.

Punishment- Death of User's Body and Tormenting User's Soul in the Depths of Hell (1 year)"

He actually finished this quest unknowingly. It turned out he had already conquered the heart of Heavenly Maiden and now that he had completely conquered her body, he actually won system acknowledgment.

The sole reason why the system didn't acknowledge the completion of this task was her awakening. It turned out Lauren was one of the Heavenly Maiden. But the problem was quite understandable. She didn't awaken her Heavenly Maiden talent.

For being Heavenly Maiden, you must have a specific talent. She has the quality of the Heavenly Maiden and if nothing goes wrong, she would be the Heavenly Maiden. But now, he has a great problem.

Originally, it would've no problem if he had tried winning a real awakened Heavenly Maiden. Because he might have a bigger chance of winning her heart. But now, he was stuck in a helpless position. Because this system acknowledged Lauren as the Heavenly Maiden, she must be awakened within a year.

Otherwise, it would be considered a task failure. And if he fails, the consequences were pretty darn serious. Of course, now his punishment has decreased a lot. His body won't die but his soul will be tortured in hell for a year.

And, he will also get to choose three rewards from six rewards. There were certain conditions. He can only choose one among Pioneer Body Evolution or System Evolution, S-Rank ability or Ninth-Grade Bloodline, and 10000 System Points or 1000 Stat Points.

It was kind of a weird situation. He has a feeling that he will fail. But he doesn't want to. He has no courage to face a soul torment in the depth of hell. Just thinking of this makes his heart pain. And the most problematic point would be the current situation.

He doesn't know how to make her Heavenly Maiden even though he knows some conditions. But he can't understand how to do it and how to explain it to her. Everything happened so quickly that it left his heart in pain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Walking on the street for ten minutes, he finally reached the tall silver building. Standing in front of the Hunter Guild, he saw a bunch of other players walking around. There was a slight difference in player and NPCs.

Each player has a typical green exclamation mark above their head. This green mark indicates they are the normal players. Some prestigious players are given a different kind of mark. Currently, he only knows about another kind of mark except for the green exclamation mark.

A common but also very uncommon at the same time would be the red exclamation mark. This mark represents a group of people who breaks the laws of the game. Normally, there aren't many rules in this game. But there is an absolute rule.

You can't fight inside the town unless it comes under some legal circumstances. Once you start a fight, you would be immediately captured by the NPCs and live a life hunted by both players and NPCs for a certain time.

He walks inside the hunter guild. There was a huge silver gate guarded by four NPCs. He didn't need to do anything. He directly walked inside and found a receptionist desk at the right corner directly opposite the door.

There were hundreds of players looking at giant walls that were full of posters. These posters had tasks and rewards written on them. Mike couldn't get a clear view of those tasks from the distance he was looking. But he found there were thousands of these posters.

There were dozens of tables, chairs, and benches inside this massive room. Only a few of these pieces of furniture were empty. Most of them were occupied by the various players. When he tried to listen carefully, he found they were talking about forming a party for the raid on a certain dungeon.

Since he was walking, he couldn't listen to their entire speech. He walked near the receptionist desk where seven beautiful women were standing. These beautiful were wearing a yellow shirt with a knee-sized tight skirt.

They had a charming professional smile even when talking with other people. Five of them were busy with other players, listening to the player's words with an attentive mood. Mike walked towards the lady at the right corner who wasn't busy with another player.

Seeing Mike approaching her, a professional smile shined even brighter. When Mike reached in front of her, she quickly asked "Sir, would you like to register to the main guild?"

Mike was truly surprised by her actions. He knew they could immediately find out he was very new here. But her words indeed surprised her. He thought he had already registered into the Hunter Guild and buy the Ascending to Godhood full set.

Seeing his confused expression, she made another brilliant smile and said "Sir, when you registered in the Hunter Guild to buy the gaming set was your proof in the outside world. But here, things are a little different. Ascending to Godhood is not just a simple game where you can hunt monsters and level up. There is something more to it."

"Oh! So, where can I more information about the Ascending to Godhood? I didn't find anything unusual on its website." This piqued his interest, so Mike didn't hesitate to ask.

The receptionist lady walked towards a room near their desk. After a minute, she came out with a large book. Just from the glance, Mike could say it would be around five thousand pages thick. That made him gulp his saliva.

"Sir, this is the basic guidebook of the Ascending to Godhood. It is free but you need to make sure you don't speak about it outside the game. If you were caught spreading these basic rules to the outside world, you'll be hunted by the Revolution." The receptionist lady pushed the book near him and spoke with a smile.

But her smile terrified him. The most terrifying thing about the Revolution is their way to do things. They are literally turning humans into a program and nobody is complaining about it. After all, if those NPCs wanted to complain, they would've asked him to spread the news about them to the outside world.

And that could hamper Revolution's reputation. But no, that middle-aged man only said he felt happy being a program and guarding the world here. Mike slowly began to understand that the Revolution does their things with complete dominance.

Just like right now when the receptionist lady told him not to tell anything about the Ascending to Godhood in real-world otherwise he would be hunted by the Revolution. Just these words are enough to terrify almost everyone.

He doesn't have a clear understanding of the Revolution but from what he understands. This organization can do almost anything they want under a single person's order. He doesn't know whether to call evil or good.

But he knows one word that could be suitable for that man. That word would be selfish. Nodding his head, he puts the book inside his inventory and asked: "So, how can I register?"

"Did you register before entering this town?" The receptionist asked

"Yes!" Saying so, he folded his shirt and showed his tattoo. Seeing this tattoo, she took out a unique vertical stone and put it above his tattoo.

In an instant, his tattoo was recorded in the stone as the stone shone in golden color. The receptionist nodded her head with satisfaction and put away the stone. She took out a black card that was made like a debit card.

"This is Hunter License. It has a unique feature to hold the hunter's contribution in points. Once you finish a certain task or clear a dungeon on your own, your contribution points will increase. Once it reaches a certain point, you can start your own guild. For further information, you can check out that book."

"Guild huh!" Mike was amazed when he heard he could start his own guild. But soon, he calmed down and asked "So, after taking the task, how can I prove that I've completed the task?"

"Once you complete the task, you'll be given a certain prove that could be body part of the monster that you killed or direct note about your progression. Normally, once you kill a monster, you'll be given a certain body part of the monster in each kill. So, except for the party dungeon tasks, most of the other task has this way of confirmation." Hearing his question, the receptionist calmly explained.

"Alright! By the way, can I get Bookmark Map Device?" Just when he was about to turn around, he remembered the words of that middle-aged man. So, he didn't hesitate to ask.

The receptionist was a little surprised by his words but she quickly composed herself and took out a rectangular radar. There was a green screen on the radar and it showed a small map on it. Before giving it to him, she explained "Bookmark Map Device is important for any hunter. It works on money, so you need a certain amount of wealth to operate it."

"The first bookmark of the location is free. Once you bookmark this location, you can freely teleport to that area. There are some restrictions. You can't use it for teleporting when you are outside the city. If you out, then it works as a normal guide map for you."

"It takes five bronze coins to bookmark Basic-Level cities like the City of Athens. For more information about the cities, you should check your book. Teleporting between two cities costs ten bronze coins. If you are bookmarking places outside the city, then it would cost you five bronze coins."

"Oh! I forget to mention. Although you can't teleport inside from outside the city, you can teleport outside from the city. Of course, you need to bookmark the place first. This is a basic feature for those who can't complete the task in a single day."

After finishing her words, she passed the Bookmark Map Device to him. Mike nodded his head and finally walked towards the tasks section. Basically, he knew there would be many tasks. So, he walked towards the tasks where a low-level player like him was discussing.

Each cultivation stage has its own level of aura. Unless someone completely hides his aura, it would be easy to detect their cultivation. A person whose cultivation realm is at the first stage of the Soldier would have a one-centimeter thick aura.

The colors of the aura are generally determined by their ability. He could easily see most of them were at the third, fourth, and fifth stage of the Solider Realm. Because of nine evolution, the difference in stages is large.

So, he directly walked towards those with the third stage of the soldier realm. Most of them were youth around his age. Only a few people looked older. He saw bunches of different tasks and started choosing a suitable task.

"Task- Killing Fifty Goblins of Northern Side

Reward- Two Hundred Bronze Coins, One HP Potion, and an F-Rank Weapon"

"Task- Clear Water Jade Dungeon

Reward- Five Hundred Bronze Coins, Six HP Potions, and three F-Rank Weapon

Restriction- Three Member Party"

"Bro, are you willing to take that task with us?" Suddenly, a voice sounded from behind when he looked at the second task with a deeper gaze.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He turned back to see the person who called him. He saw a boy and a girl younger than him. The boy had spiky black spiky hair with a short height of around five feet five inches. He had a slender body though.

His skin was pale making his oval-shaped face handsome. He was wearing a blue t-shirt with a blue track. As for the girl, she was also around his height. She wasn't exceptionally beautiful, but only a league below Lauren and Jenny.

She was wearing tight pants and a yellow tank top. Her shoulders were exposed white. Her rosy lips with those average-sized boobs, she was only a little bit below Lauren and Jenny in this except too. Both of them were in the third stage of Solider Realm.

"Hmm! So, two of you have your eyes on this task?" Mike didn't answer at once instead he asked them to confirm.

"Yes, we were trying to take this task. Unfortunately, we didn't find someone alone. Some of them already had a group while some didn't take much interest in it. So, are you willing to join us in this task?" The boy asked with a little dispirited manner. They were trying to search for a person to take this task with them but unfortunately, they couldn't find one.

"I think it would be better if you introduce yourself before inviting me." Mike was a little surprised by his act. He didn't understand why this boy wanted to do this task so much. But he didn't ask either. He found this task a little interesting and with his current strength, he had no problem doing it.

"Sorry, sorry! I almost forget about it. My name is Xylan Miller." Then, he turned at the lady and said "Her name is Liora Miller."

"You two are brother and sister?" Hearing them introduced, Mike asked with shock on his face. He didn't expect them to be siblings. But when he looked deeper, he realized they do have some similarities. Except, one had an oval-shaped face another had a round but only a little not complete.

Both of them had pale faces and considerably had the same height. Finally, Mike nodded his head, saying "My name is Mike Tyson. It would be my pleasure to finish this task with you two."

Hearing his words, their eyes brightened with excitement. Xylan Miller shook his head and said "Pleasure is all ours. Thanks for joining the party. We can register this task now."

Saying so, he took out the poster from the wall and walked towards the receptionist's desk. Mike and Liora followed him. While walking with her, Mike wanted to talk to her but he couldn't find an opportunity.

Suddenly, a thought rang in his mind as he asked "Is this task something important to you? There were other tasks that you could've chosen instead of asking everyone."

Liora was little silent for a moment but thinking he would suspect or even withdraw if she didn't reply, she spoke "Actually, there is a mysterious chest box at the end of the dungeon. But this dungeon is very hard to cross from a third-stage soldier. So, many people do not apply for it."

"If I am not wrong then you just wanted a player to go with you. You two do not care whether he can fight or not." Although it seems very harsh, he did express his view directly. He didn't want to beat around the bushes.

"No, no, it's not like that." Liora directly shook her head with a cute face trying to make him calm. But he was already very calm. So, after looking at him for a moment, she explained "Water Jade Dungeon is much more difficult and if you want to pass it, it would be better if you have A-rank innate ability."

"Does this mean both of you have A-Rank ability?" Mike was shocked when he speculates their innate ability. After all, A-Rank was very hard to awaken. And from all the people he knows, six people including these two have A-rank innate ability.

Of course, he doesn't know that mysterious girl who awakens an A-rank ability. She awakened her ability a day earlier so they never met, or he thinks?

Hearing his question, she nodded her head with a proud expression on her face. But she didn't show any disdain towards him instead explained "So, don't worry we will protect you. It's just others do not know because we didn't tell them. Of course, we know about you so we dare to tell you."

"Hmm! Why do you know me? And why didn't you tell them?" Mike asked in confusion. He was utterly confused.

"You don't know? You are all over the news. Disciple of Mad Beast Emperor! Possessing Dark Energy Resistance Body, awakening innate ability on your third year, and mysterious becoming Mad Beast Emperor Disciple. Many people speculate that you have an evolving innate ability."

'Wait a minute, didn't he promise to make me disciple after my innate ability reaches S-Rank? How come he suddenly change his mind? Did something happened?' Hearing her words, his pupil shrunk and the large numbers of thoughts start ringing in his mind.

What he didn't know was the great news of Revolution fighting to win over Mike Tyson caused Mad Beast Emperor to choose him as his disciple in advance.

In the deep palace hidden in a different world,

There was room made out of gold, silver, metals, and other fancy equipment. There was a huge bed where two naked people were resting on each other. One of them was a middle-aged man with an average look while the other was a beautiful lady.

While groping her breast with his hand, he pressed his lips on her. After a few minutes, the lady broke free and asked "Husband, are you giving such a huge credit to him just because Jenny chose him?"

"Of course not!" The middle-aged man shook his head. His black pupils shrunk as he made a sharp look with a black mustache. His face wasn't muscular like his body. He had a slender body instead. He sighed and spoke "Many years ago, there was a race known as the creator. They were the creator of all kinds of rules and laws that conduct within the universe."

"But there was another race that wasn't the creator but wasn't less than them in terms of power. This race was the chosen race. They were loved by heaven and each of them was referred to themselves as Celestial. But these two races had a huge contradiction."

"Once there was a boy in our earth. He was a carefree guy living a healthy life with his family. But everything changed when he met a girl. A girl cursed by her race due to an enormous power hidden inside of her. This power was something that race couldn't agree to hold as it will be the disgrace for them."

"Hence, this girl could never awaken her innate ability. But love is blind. When that man met this girl, he instantly fell in love. Overnight, his destiny was altered. He awakened a strange power that belongs to his race and rose above all."

"We didn't have any record of him except he was invincible. Be it physical strength or cultivation, he was undoubtedly invincible. So, within two years, he managed to reach Emperor and fly out in space. Before leaving, he married her in front of his parents and took her away."

"Although he rose so fast, he made many enemies during his rise even though he was considerably low-key. And one of his enemies slaughtered his parents and family. As he was too late, he couldn't save them."

"I don't understand. You made such a strict rule. So, how could anyone still kill them?" While he was explaining, he got interrupted by his wife's question.

"Because the family that destroyed them was a core part of Dark Raven Organization." Jenny's dad spoke with seriousness in his tone.

"Damn these madmen! Why aren't we doing something against them?" Anger flashed in her eyes when she spoke with murderous intent. There was disgust on her face for them.

"Because they possessed the gate to Tartarus. If they were to open that gate, those fallen titans and many other evil creatures to wreak havoc on earth and the universe. That means we might even face the wrath of the new gods. After all, Dark Raven Organization is also the part of human."

Hearing her husband's words, confusion flashed in her eyes as she asked "They are madmen. So why aren't they taking any actions?"

"They are. You just haven't realized it yet. Blood, they need bloodshed and war to collect blood. That's why Revolution's main goal is to keep peace in the real world. As for the virtual world, we can't control too much of it." Jenny's dad shook his head and answered. He knew his revolution wasn't created to save the world. It was created to change the world, to bring the revolution.

"Come on! Tell me, what happened after that? Did he come back or not? And how is he related to Mike?" Women's curiosity reached its peak and now there was no stopping. Seeing her curious face, he chuckled and said "I will consider continuing if you give a blowjob."

"Humph! Dream on!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike, Xylan, and Liora ran at incredible speed, leaving only afterimages. They crossed hundreds of meters in a matter of seconds. Moving at this speed, they didn't get any sort of discomfort. While running, Mike watched his status.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Third Rank (Eighth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+20 STR), Fire Element

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-3)

STR: 133 (Divine Sun Body +15)

AGI: 116

INT: 127

STM: 105

DEF: 128 (Divine Sun Body +15)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+150 STR), Super Speed (+150 AGI), Super Endurance (+ 150 DEF),

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green

Stats Points: 0

System Points: 5

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 2 HP,

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

After his sex with Jenny last night, he was able to improve his cultivation by a little. This time, he found a little difference. Unlike the previous time, he was able to focus longer on the Chaotic Path towards the Harmony during his intercourse and his cultivation improvement made him startled.

When he had sex with Lauren, he improved by thirteen evolutions that include a complete change in rank. From the second rank to the third rank. But when he had sex with Jenny, he only improved by four evolution. But that made him understand the real power of the Chaotic Path towards Harmony.

The gap between Jenny and Lauren is huge. There are six ranks within the soldier realm and four ranks after the soldier realm, not to mention, there was a difference of a huge realm. There were ninety evolutions in the count.

Considering so much the difference, Lauren only provided him with thirteen evolutions while Jenny provided him four evolutions. And considering the difference in them, his gains from Lauren were a lot less than the gain from Jenny.

This made him speculate the cultivation speed is much dependent on his grasp over the Chaotic Path towards Harmony. If he had used this art for the exact amount of time when he had sex with Lauren, he would have even reached the Fourth Rank.

Of course, the cultivation realm mattes but this made him understand the purpose of the system. Why is this system much more lenient towards Heavenly Maiden and Supreme Fairies? Current Lauren is one of the top talents in the entire Ethen State.

This state holds more than a hundred million people. That would be considering only the awakened people. And Lauren isn't a true Heavenly Maiden. She hasn't even reached that point. S-Rank talent, if it was previous Mike, he would've thought so.

But now, he has learned the horror of his own talent, he understands there must be talent above S-Rank. Doubts, little by little, he began to doubt the existence of the system, the words of his mother, and his previous life.

He was not an idiot enough to doubt his unique ability is actually an S-Rank. That's impossible. Even his C-Rank brute force couldn't achieve that. From his speculation, his brute force didn't awaken as the F-Rank ability because improving strength by zero is not possible.

Even F-Rank ability can improve strength by a little. So, brute force awakened as an E-Rank giving him the strength of five as the system calculation. Then when it became D-Rank, it gave ten. But when it reaches C-Rank, it gave him twenty.

So, it's not adding five rather doubling the previous strength given by it. And the brute force doesn't have much influence on the strength. It does the strength but when it comes to a real fight, brute force lacks destructiveness.

Of course, in the battle, destruction alone doesn't give you a win. So, Mike basically has no problem with it. But when it comes to his unique ability, it kind of pale in comparison. All this was just his speculation while reading his status, so he doesn't think too much about it.

Rather his mind starts focusing on something else, something that he almost forgets.

"Shop!"

In the shop, there were many bars that include Skill Bar, Potion Ball, Weapon Bar, and most importantly Divine Abilities Bar. He understood the divine ability bar must be something out of his reach. But it turns out that was quite wrong.

Just like any other bar, there were some less powerful divine abilities, some insane divine abilities. So, he opened the Divine Abilities Bar and a blue panel appeared in front of him.

"Restoration Divine Ability- 5 System Points"

"Sex Aura Divine Ability- 5 System Points"

"Face Changing Divine Ability- 10 System Points"

"Elongated Penis Divine Ability- 10 System Points"

"Unlimited Sex Stamina- 15 System Points"

"Pleasure Hands Divine Ability- 20 System Points"

"Star Shifting Divine Ability- 50 System Points"

'Holy shit! It has everything I need.' Mike felt amazed after looking at the divine abilities panel. There were dozens of them and many of these divine abilities were amazing. From the basic introduction from the system, he has some understanding of these divine abilities.

These divine abilities are like skills but they are far more complex. Unlike skill, they need a different kind of energy to work. Of course, this also depends upon the user. But this stuff was more like cultivation stuff.

So, currently, except for sex-related divine abilities, he can't use others. To put it simply, a person needs to either comprehend the divine ability or rely on physique, cultivation technique, or any sort of related treasure. Except for one ability.

"Golden Buddha Kong Body Divine Ability- 8500 System Points"

Mike's reliance was on the Chaotic Path towards Harmony because he found his body wasn't related to sex. At least, he couldn't find any changes except the size of his penis. Even during sex, he needs to rely on the Chaotic Path towards Harmony to improve his strength.

Although his cultivation a little when he cultivated for the first time, even then he was using Chaotic Path towards the Harmony for a short second only. He only had five system points just enough to buy Sex Aura.

The reason why he found this bar was due to the system. In the morning, he complained about the lack of techniques to impress a girl and spread her leg in bed, so the system simply told him about the Divine Abilities Bar.

Sex Aura- It was a unique ability that could create intoxicating energy around him that could drill into any opposite-sex body and made them generate feelings for him. Basically, he doesn't have any problem with this ability except it seems a little forced.

There he got the answer for his hesitation. Sex Aura can affect all kinds of women. But when a woman has a strong Will or loves towards someone, this ability won't work on her. She could easily break the effect of this ability.

And if that woman doesn't have a strong Will or love towards anyone, then it will instantly be made them fall in love with him. Of course, instantly doesn't mean in seconds. It will take time. It would still be based on their Will.

Even if they don't have a strong Will or love, they still have fear and dignity. These are the part of Will. Although it might not be strong, it can definitely make her held those feelings about him for some time. But there one downside to this ability.

He needs to make her fall in love before he deactivates this ability otherwise he needs to start everything from scratch. Sex Aura will impart feelings on a girl but that would be only temporary feelings.

So, he must turn it permanent before it gets too late. He must make the girl temporarily fall in love with him and have sex with her. Only then, that temporary feeling will change into a permanent feeling. There was one advantage for him.

Once he generates temporary feelings in her, he can take his take for an hour. Any more than an hour, her temporary feeling will completely disappear. Of course, he can continuously use Sex Aura but that will consume a lot of stamina.

His cultivation technique generates energy into his blood every time he uses it during sex. And that energy is used as the Sex Aura. So, he must do it before that energy is exhausted. Of course, it wouldn't simply end because it's like a source.

The source needs constant energy to produce another kind of energy. Stamina is the energy that the source needs to produce this kind of energy. Sex consumes stamina and this source also consumes stamina. Fortunately, every time he gets engaged in sex, the source will improve.

And so, it will produce more energy with less stamina. For now, he bought the Sex Aura and a strange knowledge engraved in his mind. At the same time, that energy in his blood began boiling. Looking at Liora Miller, he secretly murmured "Sex Aura- Activates"

At the same time, he couldn't help but remember a quest in his mind.

"Monthly Quest 1- Take three woman virginity (2/3)

Reward- Evolution Stones*5, 50 System Points, 50 Stats Points, Weapon Advancement Stone*1, and Free Skill Card*1"

"My rewards! I am coming for you." Rubbing his palm together a hideous smile appeared on his face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Whoosh" "Bang"

Suddenly, a fast stream of water moved at a great speed towards Mike. It was so sudden that Mike couldn't dodge it. But he ended up running his ability energy. In an instant, his unique ability was activated. With the power of unique ability, a strong form of defense emerged in his skin.

"Splash"

When the stream of water collided with his body, it made Mike retreat a few meters. Seeing this, a man wearing a blood-red robe and red cat mask yelled "How is this possible?"

He was utterly surprised when he saw Mike standing few meters away without any damage to his body. When Mike lifted his head and saw the man wearing a blood-red robe and a red cat mask, he muttered "Fourth Rank Solider!"

Suddenly, few people rushed behind that man wearing the same type of clothes. One of them patted that man's shoulder and said "Are you leaking the water? You couldn't even kill an ant." Unlike others, he had a completely different aura and he wasn't wearing a mask.

His face was completely revealed. He had an oval white face a long nose and ears.

By ant, he was naturally pointing at Mike. When Xylan and Liora saw those people, they immediately shouted "Blood Hand Organization!"

"What is this Blood Hand Organization?" Although Mike was irritated by the man with a long nose, he asked Xylan about the organization after hearing the name of the organization. He was curious what kind of evil organization is this?

Anything that has blood with its name is evil. This was his knowledge after reading those novels in his previous life. Of course, this doesn't mean he will treat them as his enemies unless they start a fight with him.

"Mike, did you registered yourself as a virgin before entering the city?" Xylan asked with a horrified expression. He didn't expect to suffer such bad luck by inviting Mike. On other hand, Liora started blushing.

She was affected by his Sex Aura for some time and now she was falling even more. Hearing Xylan's question, Mike felt ashamed. But he didn't understand what does this has to do with Blood Hand Organization.

Although he had many theories about the Blood Hand Organization, he felt it was related to him being a virgin. In his mind, he began to think whether it has a relationship with an evil idea of using virgin blood for a sacrifice.

Although Xylan asked, he already knew the answer, so he instantly explained "Blood Hand Organization is the organization that has huge control over Ascending to Godhood. It is a guild formed to hunt down virgins and take their blood."

"We don't know all of the uses of the virgin blood but the most known use would be improving strength."

"Oh! So, it is the evil organization after all." Mike nodded his head as he found his guess was right. Finally, he turned his head and looked at those people in a red robe.

"You came for me, right? So, let them go." While looking at them, Mike spoke making a fearless tone. He didn't want many people to know about his strength.

"Go? Are you kidding me? Don't you think it would be cool to kill more ants?" The man with a long nose spoke with arrogance as he released his ability energy. In an instant, the ability energy transformed into blood-red energy.

The blood-red energy condensed a powerful palm that descended from the sky. When the palm descended, the terrifying wind swept the trees and leaves. Seeing this, Xylan and Liora's expression sank. They felt enormous pressure pressing against them.

In an instant, their ability energy exploded out of their body. Xylan condensed a spear with a silver ability energy. This spear was two meters long, filled with intense power. At the same time, the golden ability energy erupted out of Liora.

The golden ability energy suddenly spread into the vastness. Beneath the red palm, the golden energy form a massive chakra. It was a spinning wheel with spikes on them.

"Bang" "Bang" "Crack"

The silver spear collided against the red palm, creating a powerful impact that swept the surrounding. It was insanely powerful and the impact fell towards them. But the impact was blocked by the Golden Chakra.

"Boom"

The giant red palm came down with a powerful attitude, breaking the spear and clashing against the golden chakra.

"Crack" "Bang"

"Oh no!" Although Golden Chakra was strong, it couldn't block the palm and ended breaking into pieces. When the golden chakra broke, the red palm fell towards Xylan and Liora. Their eyes shrunk as they felt unprecedented danger from the red palm.

"Whoosh" "Whoosh"

But suddenly, a figure like a shadow rushed near them. He caught both of them and dodged the red palm.

"Bang"

When the red palm collided on the ground, it created an intense impact. This impact shook the earth and trees fell with the impact of the strike.

"Mike, you?" Xylan was startled by Mike's speed. He couldn't even see the shadow of Mike until he caught them. Not just those, even those people from Blood Hand couldn't see him.

"Alright, I was planning to show off but sometimes I need to do it," Mike murmured but his heart knew he was lying. He was excited. The excitement was coming from his bone. He didn't want to be low-key. He wants to fight. He wants adventure.

He put them on the ground and walked towards Blood Hand's people. The man with a long nose had an ugly expression when he saw Mike saving Xylan and Liora. He looked at Mike and gritted his teeth "You ant dares to resist? I will cramp your skin and collect your blood with the harshest method that I have."

"Hey, are you an idiot? Do you think you are strong? I forget to tell you. You are just the fifth rank soldier. And, my master is Mad Beast Emperor. Do you dare to be arrogant in front of me?" When he heard the arrogant words from the man with a long nose, he felt enraged.

He didn't understand why he was so arrogant? But when he remembered the Blood Energy, he quickly understood that power must be an A-Rank. But he was confused. How could they have A-Rank in a random group?

"Mad Beast Emperor!" When they heard this name, fear arises in their eyes. But soon, the man with a long nose spoke "Humph! So what if you are the disciple of Mad Beast Emperor? My lord is Blood Demon King."

'Blood Demon King! Who is this? How come they sound more like a cultivation world instead of a normal modern world? Could it be that the Ascending to Godhood is related to the cultivation world? It seems there are deeper secrets that I don't know.'

Silently, Mike murmured with a complex expression on his face. He didn't know whether to get excited or feel bad. He likes adventures and he loves having fights. But he doesn't want to deal with arrogant young masters and brain-damaged elders.

He hates that factor. But suddenly, his eyes shone. Because he doesn't need to think too much about it. He simply looked at the man with a long nose and said "What kind of trash is he? How can anyone beat Emperor? Not to mention, my master is one of the strongest emperors."

"Bastard! How dare you call my lord by that? Kill him!" The man with a long nose felt enraged when he heard Mike calling his lord 'trash'. It was the biggest insult to his master, there is no way he could bear such a thing.

"Unfortunately, you are all trashing." Although Mike was excited to fight, he doesn't want to fight weakly. He didn't even use the Brute Force. With his incredible strength that was powered by his unique ability, he smashed his bare fist against the man arriving first.

That man had the water revolving around him. The water around him turned into few droplets and spun on the mid-air. His body revolved and shot dozens of water droplets. In an instant, the droplet sped up turning thin and long like a comet tail with a speed equal to that of a bullet.

"Bang"

Against these water bullets, Mike came with a fist. His physical strength was completely awakened and he was in heat as he punched against those water bullets. His fist was not just fast but also very strong. When was his first released, the power created sparks of flame.

"Splash"

Just with the intensity of the heat, those water bullets slowed down by half. When the fist smashed on them, each drop fell to the ground like a water droplet. Seeing this, the man who shot the water bullet got frightened.

But instead of running or dodging, he created a thick water bubble around him. The water bubble covered him but also let him breathe. It was very convenient and easy since he relies on the water bubble for the defense.

"Splash"

When Mike's fist hit the water bubble, it felt very much hard. His punch was powerful but it felt the power that he put on his punch was getting swallowed by the water bubble. It was amazing that someone has created a defensive move that can swallow the power impact.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hehe! You can't attack me within this barrier." When the man felt Mike couldn't break his water barrier, he sneered, looking straight into Mike's eyes without any fear in his eyes. The ability energy erupted out of his body like a sea wave.

"Really? Then, let's see how I break your tortoise defense." Mike instantly pulled his arm and retreated few meters. But suddenly, two people rushed towards him from left and right. One of them had a flame gushing around him, while the other had a silver sword.

Seeing this, Mike's pupil shrunk as he condensed the ability energy into his fists. The one with flame condensed a giant fireball and shot at Mike from the sky, while the other condensed dozens of flying swords and shot at Mike.

The ability energy condensed into his fists and smashed his fist at both sides. The physical strength improved by the unique ability was backed up by brute force.

"Bang" "Bang" "Crack," "Crack," "Crack," "Crack," "Bang"

His right fist collided against the fireball, breaking it into pieces. The energy dispersed in the air while the left hand smashed the first sword. In an instant, the first sword broke into pieces. And few cracks appeared on other swords by the impact of the collision.

When these swords collided against his body, most of their power was extinguished. Not a single scratch was left on his body, and all of those swords break into pieces.

"What? How is this possible?" When all of them saw Mike unscratched, they shouted with fright in their tone. They rubbed their eyes and checked him once again, but Mike was really unscratched. When they paused, Mike moved.

There was a bright smile on his face when he saw their shocked faces. He condensed the ability energy into his fist. Suddenly, his arm got heavier like a giant boulder. When the man with water ability saw Mike rushing towards him, he instantly created the water barrier.

But suddenly, he felt the water was not listening to him. He didn't lift his arm but continued infusing his fist with ability energy. The water condensed by that man was getting sucked towards his fist.

"Noooo!" When he felt he couldn't condense the water barrier properly, he shouted with unwillingness. Unfortunately, Mike was already in front of him, raising his fist and punching straight.

"Meteor Fist"

"Bang," "Splash," "Bang," "Thud"

The moment his fist collided against the incomplete water barrier, it pierced through it and smashed on that man's chest. His fist collided against his chest and smashed him into the tree. That man coughed out blood and drop dead with the broken ribs and bones.

The water condensed by his ability energy fell on the ground and dispersed. Although Mike didn't say a single word, his hands were shaking a bit. His heart was thumping hard, and the blood flow was increasing a lot.

'I killed a person! I can't believe I killed a person and my first kill was inside the game. No, this isn't a real game. It is a real-virtual world where dead people will be converted into codes. So technically, that wasn't a true kill.'

'But the fuck, I killed a person. No, no' His heart raced even faster as he thought more.

'Calm down, Mike! This is not your friendly world. Here, you kill to survive. I did nothing wrong. No, I did great. I killed people that are evil. So, take a long breath, think of my sexy Jenny and Lauren, and completely forget about this.'

'No, no, there is no need for transformation at the middle of the battle. I can't let little brother transform into little dragon otherwise how can I prove my worth as a human.'

One after another, thoughts rang in his mind. But soon, he dispersed all of those thoughts and controlled the ability energy inside his body. His foot pressed against the ground and made him jump high in the air.

In the air, a man was standing on the sword that was floating. Sword Innate Ability is a rare ability that can allow a person to create and manipulate a sword out of their ability energy. They can take a sword path with such unique ability.

Facing up against Mike, the man summoned hundreds of swords at once. But suddenly realized, half of his ability energy was consumed. His face turned green but soon recovered as he pushed all of those swords at Mike.

At this moment, Mike's strength exploded into his fist. Meteor Fist was the best ability for offense, especially with his current condition. But using this ability will only increase the speed of those swords. He can't afford to make these attacks stronger, not to mention there were hundreds of them.

"Whoosh"

Suddenly, a spear appeared in his hand. Howling Tiger Spear was a C-Rank weapon with the strength to pierce iron blocks. Although he didn't have any spear technique for his brute force, he has something that he has recently learned based on Enlightenment God's Stone.

"Howling Tiger Spear Art- Tiger's Manifestation"

He held his spear tight and the ability energy infused with the spear. Each particle of Ability Energy consists of brute force. So, when this ability energy merges with his spear, he can take out the hidden potential of the spear.

Domineering. Brute Force is known for its Domineering Strength. And Tiger is also known for Domineering Attitude. With the help of Brute Force and Enlightenment God's Stone, he created a new fighting style.

Roar

When he pushed his spear with his right hand and used his left hand to make a rotation, the tiger roared from the spear. Slowly, a phantom emerged out of the spear, filled with an endless domineering attitude. The tiger phantom raised its paw and smashed towards the swords.

The tiger's paw released an enormous amount of ability energy hard as a rock, filled with a domineering attitude.

"Crack," "Crack," "Crack," "Crack," "Crack"

"Meteor Fist"

When hundreds of swords crashed with the energy released by the tiger's paw, the spear returned to the system space, and Mike opened his palm towards the man. Suddenly, a powerful gravitational power released out of his palm and sucked the man towards him.

The man leaped out of the sword with the powerful suction force, which made him unconditionally fall. But Mike had already clenched his fingers and formed a fist. His figure also fell towards him. Suddenly, he kicked hard on air, making his body soar towards him.

"Bang," "Thud"

The man falling tried to make a sword with his remaining energy but didn't expect Mike to speed up. Mike reached in front of him in an instant, and the Meteor Fist smashed into his face. His nose broke by the power of his punch, including few bones on his face.

And when he got a punch in his face, he fell on the ground hard. Mike also landed on the ground on his feet. Suddenly, his chest bent, and he turned around. His body instantly moved towards another man that shot the fireball at him.

"Burning Fire Crow"

When Mike approached him, that man instantly released his fire ability and condensed a giant crow. It was a meter tall and two-meter long. Its body was made out of the fire, and there was a slight bloodthirsty look on its eyes.

"Ke-uk"

But Mike's approach was straight. He condensed the brute force on his fist and rushed towards him. When the fire crow reached in front of him, he raised his hands and caught its neck. The fire spread into his body and engulfed him.

"He was courting death. How dare he kill the member of Blood Demon King?" When the man with a long nose saw Mike engulfed by the fire, he snorted. The arrogant look on his face returned, and the fear on his eyes dimmed down.

The man with fire ability turned away and walked towards the man with a long nose. He didn't understand why Mike was courting death. But he heavily breathes with relief after seeing him engulfed by the fire.

"Jack watch out!" But suddenly, another man remained to expect those two yelled. He called the man with fire ability by his name to alert him, but he was already late.

The moment he turned his head, a fist appeared in front of his forehead. He wanted to dodge it and wanted to know what happened to the fire. But he didn't get a chance. The fist was filled with brute force, and the man had nothing to defend.

"Bang," "Thud"

One punch at the forehead made him directly fall dead on the ground. When he fell on the ground, blood gushed out of his mouth, eyes, nose, and ears. His entire brain exploded inside his body, and the head bone was cracked.

"Motherfucker! I will kill you." The man with a long nose had red eyes filled with an intense murderous aura as he rushed towards Mike. But suddenly, Mike shouted, "Stop!"

His voice was filled with an intense energy that made that man stop. At this moment, Mike calmed down and said, "For you information, I haven't fucked my mother. So, you aren't allowed to call me motherfucker. If you really want to call me that, you can let me fuck your mother. But even so, you still won't be eligible to call me that. Since I fucked your mother, not mine."

"So, either call me Mike or Scum. Of course, you can use the words like fucker but you aren't allowed to call me son of a bitch otherwise I will slaughter your entire family."

When Mike finished his words, all four of them looked at him speechlessly.

'Dude, what the hell are you thinking?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Blood Demon Earth Breaking Fist"

A large amount of blood energy condensed into his fist. The man with a long nose condensed a red fist that was illuminating like jade. Suddenly, that jade changed. The fist began releasing an intense amount of murderous aura.

This murderous aura was very strong affecting others' minds. For a moment, Xylan and Liora saw a massive demon soaked blood standing in front of them. Unfortunately, Mike wasn't affected by this murderous aura in the slightest.

Instead, he gathers the brute force into his fist and stomped his feet. The push made him cross several meters in a matter of seconds. The moment he reached in front of the man with a long nose. He lifted his right hand and smashed a fist against his fist.

The blood-red fist was massive, condensed with a huge amount of blood energy. Although Mike's fist was normal in size, it instantly affected the surrounding. The moment he attacked, the man in a long-nose body was pulled towards him, making a slight displacement in their collision.

"Meteor Fist" "Bang" "Bang" "Whoosh" "Bang" "Thud"

Mike's fist smashed his right chest while the man with nose long smashed Mike's left chest. The collision between them rose the dust from the ground. But suddenly, a figure burst out of the dust, flying few meters until his body smashed on the tree and fell down.

That man was none other than the man with a long nose. He didn't die but he was heavily injured. His breath was slowly fading away.

"Whoosh" "Meteor Fist" "Bang"

From the dust, another figure rushed out, covering hundreds of meters in a single breath. His arrival startled the remaining man who tried to run away. But Mike had already pushed his fist. It smashed straight into his chest, causing him smashed on the tree like the man with a long nose.

Unlike the man with a long nose, his bones got broken into pieces and he died. Mike slowly walked towards the man with a long nose. Upon reaching near him, a cold replaced his true eyes as he looked at that man with arrogance.

"Bang" "Crack" "Ahhhhhh"

Suddenly, he lifted his feet and smashed into the joint on his leg. With his strength, he easily crushed that man's bone causing him to scream. The man with a long nose had a painful expression on his eyes. He looked at Mike as if he was begging to let him live.

"So, where is your arrogance? Didn't you treat me as an ant? Now, tell me, who's the ant?" Slowly he leaned down and spoke on his face. Mike's words shook the man with a long nose. Suddenly, his body no longer shuddered and a large smile appeared on his lips.

"You...… Y-You will die. Blood Demon King will avenge me. Not just you, your whole family will be hunted by him. Your father, mother, siblings, everyone will die in front of your eyes." Saying so, he held a small yellow token in his hand and break it.

"Crack" "Splash"

But something else also broke with the token. His neck was completely twisted by Mike and the blood flooded out of his nose. Only after killing him, the killing intent in his eyes disappeared. Mike stood up and walked towards Xylan and Liora.

But suddenly, a notification rang on his mind.

"Hidden Quest- Kill a person

Description- As a future paragon, how can you walk on a journey without killing? Killing is not evil, killing for satisfaction is just revenge, but killing for protection is the path of a paragon.

Reward- 20 System Points, 10 Stat Points, Void Killing Sword Heart Law*1, and Healing Lotus*1"

"Void Killing Sword Heart Law

Description- An ancient heart law condensed by the lord of the void. Invincible within space, killing the people with a swing of the hand. Path of a swordsman, meaning of void, Heart is invincible."

Soon, a lot of information entered his mind. Each piece of information stored in his brain and the waves of information flashed on his memory.

"Void Killing Sword Heart Law- It was created by an ancient Lord of Void that has perfected the path of swords and Law of Void. This scared Sword Heart Law is divided into seven stages. Moving within Space, Merging with Space, Creating the Space, Controlling the Void, Absorbing the Void, Living within Void and Creating the Void."

Moving within Space, a step condensed thousands of swords out of space. Merging with space, space is within me and I am within space, everywhere space forms, I am omnipresent.

Just reading the first two stages of Void Killing Sword Heart Law made him tremble. It was surely an ancient art. But there was a problem. To cultivate this sword heart law, he must merge with the essence of space. He doesn't know where to find it, so he instantly checked the system.

After scrolling for a minute, he finally saw the Space Essence.

"Space Essence- 20000 System Points"

'Fuck!' When he read the cost, he instantly freaked out. For a moment, his mind was in complete chaos. He couldn't believe space essence will cost so much. Even if he completes the yearly quest, he would only gain half of it.

But he got no choice. He took a long breath and accept his fate. He knew he can't practice it now and so, he needs to start saving the system points. If he can complete three monthly quests, he can gain three hundred fifty system points.

One year would be equal to four thousand two hundred system points. Even so, that would only be fourteen thousand two hundred system points from quests. So, his only way for earning system points would be currency exchange.

In an instant, he sets his goal for two hundred goal coins. But suddenly, he remembered the reward for this quest and his face instantly paled. A thousand bronze coins are equal to one silver coin, and a thousand silver coins would be equal to one gold coin.

He didn't understand why the system has a different currency exchange than the Ascending to Godhood. But he got an understanding of a point. He can't use bronze coins for gold coins exchange ratio. He must convert bronze into gold for a 100:1 exchange ratio.

That means for a million bronze coins, he can earn a hundred thousand system points. If he converts a million bronze coins into a gold coin then he can get one gold coin. That will be equal to a hundred system points only.

So, he isn't an idiot to convert bronze into gold and exchange it with the system. He will use bronze when he has bronze. And he will use gold when he earns gold. Soon, his idea shifted towards another reward.

"Healing Lotus

Description- A scared lotus that was born in the pond of Ancient Phoenix. It has been mutated with the blood of phoenix, possessing a powerful healing power."

When he saw the description, a big smile appeared on his face. At the same time, he approached Xylan and Liora. He found Xylan was a little scared of him but Liora was completely different.

"Wow! Mike, you were freaking amazing. How did you beat up those men? They were obviously a rank higher than yours. And that long nose was two ranks higher than you." Liora instantly gave him a bear hug, pressing her soft and small boobs against his chest. She quickly freed herself due to embarrassment and asked with a curious look on her eyes.

The Sex Aura has completely corroded her mind but she still had some reservations. That reservation was showing its effect from her action. Mike controlled his inner urged to sleep with her and spoke "My innate ability improves my strength by a lot. That's why I was able to fight it."

"But, we also have A-Rank talent. How come we were so weak in front of them?" Liora blinked her eyes and asked with confusion.

"Did you forget? You didn't face them rather you faced him. He was two ranks above you and so, you're A-Rank talent couldn't do much damage to him. Not to mention, he also has an A-Rank talent. But I don't understand. How could they send an A-Rank for killing such a low ranking individual?" Mike thought about it for a while but couldn't find the answer.

He didn't understand why they had four B-Rank and one A-Rank talent hunting for a third rank solider. After all, his strength was a secret to himself.

"Mike, you don't know but Blood Hand Organization can improve one's innate talent." Xylan relaxed a bit seeing his sister having a conservation with Mike. So, when Mike answered in confusion, he decided to talk to him.

"What? How can they improve Innate Ability? It's impossible to improve someone's innate ability. I have never heard something so ridiculous unless they have a same situation as my master and me ." Mike instantly shook his head and didn't believe it. After living eighteen years in this world, he knows it's impossible to improve Innate Ability unless someone of his situation.

"That's why Blood Hand Organization so feared in the Ascending to Godhood and the real world. It's real. They can improve innate ability even if it's not the same situation as yours. And, that's why they hunt virgins."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Then, why didn't Revolution take any actions?" Mike frowned after hearing the evilness of Blood Hand Organization and the threat they possess. At this moment, he couldn't understand the Revolution even more. Because they should have taken the action especially when everything is happening inside the world they created.

"Mike, how much do you know about the Ascending to Godhood?" Xylan didn't reply instantly instead asked.

"Hmm! If I really don't have much knowledge about it. I haven't even read the basic guidebook given by the guild." Mike shook his head and spoke.

"Then, you might not know but the Ascending to Godhood isn't controlled by Revolution. In fact, the Blood Hand Organization has better control than the Revolution. But because Revolution is Earth's representative, that's why people think Revolution has better control over Ascending to Godhood."

"There are many things that even we don't know about the Ascending to Godhood. I am from the royal family which is why I learned a little bit more about it. But the Ascending to Godhood history is very deep. After all, Earth isn't the only planet where human lives."

Hiss!

"You mean, the Ascending to Godhood wasn't created by the Revolution rather created by the humans that live in other galaxies?" A horrifying expression appeared on his face as he thought of it. Humans outside the earth weren't something unimaginable but the people won't talk about it because they haven't seen anyone.

They have seen many other races but not the human race. This made them believe that humans aren't present across the cosmos except for them. But now, hearing the truth from Xylan made Mike realize his previous thoughts were actually true.

When he faced that man with a long nose, he noticed this man was very different. Even though the people of earth are arrogant, they never treat people like ants. This might be the reason for their common sense or fear. But when he heard those arrogant words, the first thought that came to his mind was cultivation world.

That man with a long nose must be from the cultivation world and along with the Blood Demon Lord. But Blood Demon Lord seems to be from the real world. So, what was going on? He was utterly confused.

"Mike, how about we run as we talk more? I will explain to you everything I know from the basic guidebook and from my family." Xylan didn't like wasting his time, standing at the same place, explaining everything to Mike.

Even if he had to explain, he must make the time fruitful. Mike nods his head and three of them started running. While running, Xylan started his explanation.

"But before I explain everything, you must understand whatever I am going to say isn't announced in public. And, that might be the reason why you don't know. In fact, not just the public, even top organizations don't possess this intelligence.

"Ascending to Godhood was developed by the earliest gods of our universe. These gods are aligned with all three thousand races across the universe. So, it's not just humans who created this virtual world, rather its entire universe."

"That's why the people who die here are regenerated as the codes and can't access the real world. During the ancient age, everyone across the universe didn't have any chance to cultivate. But when the real danger came. I don't know what that danger is or from where it came but that was the moment when the Primordial Chaos Energy scattered throughout the universe."

"Primordial Chaos Energy is the most ancient energy and so, it has the power to evolve everything. Three thousand races across the universe got mutated. Bloodline Abilities, Innate Abilities, and other different kinds of abilities popped out."

"During this eruption, these people were mutated with the purest form of Primordial Chaos Energy giving them the best evolution. And so, some of them turned into extraordinary geniuses becoming gods. But soon, the greatest war occurred which wasn't in favor us."

"It was like the war between humanity and the Alkiwon race. Fifty thousand against nine billion and we lost over seventy percent of our population. That was the same situation with those power. In the guidebook, it wasn't mentioned but I found it from our family ancestor."

"There were two ways for getting stronger. Killing and absorbing. Killing others to gain EXP inside the Ascending to Godhood or absorbing the energy from the universe. Former seems dangerous while later seems easy."

"But we can't afford, lots of people can't afford. So, we kill, we kill to get stronger. But the person who dies changes into the codes and remains in this world. If it is truly weak, then there would be no need for such a program. But if he gets stronger, he can live more."

"Wait a minute, can NPC level up like us?" Mike was frightened by so much information so he didn't ask anything. But when he heard NPC getting stronger, he didn't hesitate to ask. Because he thought NPC's can't level up.

"Of course, they can't. But once in a while or rather once in a decade, there will be a war. In that war, the NPC who performs better can get stronger. And the NPC who perform best can transform back and leave this world."

"My ancestor didn't mention our enemy but he said after two years, we might need to face them. There are two ways to participate in a war. Either join the guild and participate in war or create a guild and participate in war."

"No matter which path you choose, the guild is a must. That's why people want to complete quests instead of randomly killing people. Of course, based on your record, you will gain many rewards by participating in such wars. This is all I know about Ascending to Godhood."

"And, for your information, try to be low-key. There are many organizations like Blood Hand with different purposes. It said that unlike us, these people draw their power from our enemies. In short, Blood Hand Organization uses virgin blood to draw energy from a different dimension and use it."

"And, there is another information for you. I don't know whether you have read comics and novels or not, but those myths written in those comics are true. In fact, those comics and novels are the reason why humanity was able to develop their Innate Ability so fast."

Xylan spoke in a deep voice for some time. Finally, he explained everything he knows and shut up, giving Mike time to process. It was really surprising and frightening information for him.

Mike was a reincarnated person, given a new life, a new talent, and a new body. He has the soul of a human that has never killed a single person in his life until today. And, the only reason why he killed them, or to be exact the courage he got to kill them was because of Ascending to Godhood.

Even if you die, you aren't exactly dying. You are turning into a set of codes, a program. So, he thinks of this more as a VR action-rpg game. Yeah, it was a VR game because even if you die, you can be reincarnated once. You have an inventory and level up-system.

You can finish quests and earn resources. But now, it was more like a complete cultivation game. Form a guild, prepare for the war, protect the universe, and kill the enemies. It sounded like a script of a game to him.

'Things are getting quite scary. I can't wrap my head around the new things that I learned today. This is my second time entering the game and I already learned so much. And, for my luck's sake, I made an enemy.'

'That seems good for me though. All I wanted is an enemy and now I got one plus one for free. Though, one of them seems to be passive. I don't need to focus too much on the passive enemy. Blood Demon King seems to pretty powerful, I hope he can excite me a lot.'

'But, my first task should be improving my cultivation. There are thirteen ranks in Soldier Realm. Currently, I am third rank soldier but my Unique Ability gives me the strength of sixth rank Soldier. I wonder, if I reach thirteenth rank Solider Realm, I can face off against thirteenth rank General Realm.'

'Nah, I don't think that's quite possible. From my previous knowledge of cultivation, improvement of realm improves one's strength by ten or even a hundred times. That's completely different compared to previous ranks.'

'So, I shouldn't get ahead of myself and try relying less on my unique ability......… Hell No! That's my unique ability, that's my cheat, and that was made for me. Why wouldn't I use something that was made for me? I should use it but I need to find different ways to improve my strength.'

'Currently, I can have two S-Rank Innate Abilities. Brute Force and Fire Element, both can be improved. As long as I can find the right resources, I can completely evolve them. Aside from that, I must do everything I can to earn quests rewards.'

'B-Rank Lightning Innate Ability, Gene Modification Fluid, S-Rank Innate Ability, and Ninth Rank Bloodline. Each of them can be considered best among others. I can use Evolution stone to evolve everything that I need. So, quests are a must.'

As he thought more, deep determination flashed in his eyes. At the same time, a strange thought came to his mind, making a brighter smile on his face.

'A thousand Creatures, Fifty Thousand Bronze Coins, fuck one more lady and make Lauren Heavenly Maiden, these shall be my goals within Soldier Realm.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, is this the Water Jade Dungeon?" Standing in front of a gate that was bigger than his house, he asked turning his head at Xylan.

"Yes, this is Water Jade Dungeon. I thought this quest was going to be hard but with you, it can easily be solved. Of course, I am not asking you to do everything. I hope, you will use your complete strength when needed." Xylan nodded his head and explained.

They stood in front of the gate and looked at each other. When Xylan raised his foot and walked a step forward, a blue screen appeared in front of them.

"Welcome to Water Jade Dungeon!"

"Please take out your registration card"

This surprised Mike. But Xylan was already prepared. He took out his hunter card. There was a star at the card unlike his blank card. With this, he noticed another difference before and after gaining the Hunter Card.

"Hunter- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Third Stage (Eighth Evolution)

EXP- 771/800 (For level-up)

Wealth- Nil

Contribution Points- Nil"

At the same time, he understood another more point for EXP. His evolution represents the EXP. When he checked his status after entering the game, he didn't find two status. One was contribution points and another was EXP.

When he checked his EXP previously, it was seven hundred fifty. Although he didn't consider it too much on it, but now he found another point. EXP are gained on the basis of his opponent's strength. There were four- fourth rank soldiers and a single fifth rank solider.

He earned twenty one EXP from them. Four for each fourth rank and five for the fifth rank. This also made one thing clear. He must kill more. Same goes for monster, since monsters are also divided into Low, Middle, High, Top, and Peak with Basic, Intermediate, and Advance Tier.

Currently, he can easily confront any Intermediate Middle-Tier as for the Advance, it might get hard. Because monsters has much more advantage due to their powerful body.

At this moment, a blue light scanned the black card and another panel appeared in front of him.

"Please choose the level of difficulty!"

"Easy!" "Medium!" "Hard!" "Nightmare!" "Hell!"

"What? You can even choose the difficulty. Why isn't this mentioned at the task?" When Mike eyes fell on it, his shouted in shock.

"Of course, it's not written. Do you think the rewards are so easy to get? If you choose difficulty less than Hard, then your task won't be completed. So, you must choose Hard. Previously, I had the confidence to face Hard Level of difficulty."

"But after you revealed your strength, we should be able to cross Nightmare Level. But I wonder, if we should try Hell. What do you think?" Xylan asked after explaining Mike.

"What's the difference? What are the rewards and how difficult can it get?" Mike didn't answer directly instead asked.

"Hard-Level needs at least of two A-Rank Innate Ability users. Nightmare-Level needs at least an S-Rank Innate Ability User. But Hell-Level needs three S-Rank Innate Ability User. Originally, I wouldn't even consider Hell-Level. But your strength was even better than Fifth-Rank Soldier Realm."

"Even considering the power of S-Rank Ability User, it's pretty hard to defeat the Fifth-Rank Solider with the Third-Rank Soldier Realm. Especially when your enemy has the A-Rank Innate Ability. So, I am really confused whether to choose the Hell-Level or not."

"After all, I don't want to be converted into codes this early in life." Xylan helplessly smile as he explained and thought deeper about Mike's power. Suddenly, a thought rang in his mind as he asked "Mike, did you take medicinal bath with dragon blood?"

"What? What kind of dragon blood?" Mike confusedly asked when he heard about Dragon Blood. At his moment, he thought of tempering his body with dragon blood. But he wasn't sure whether his thoughts were right or not. So, before Xylan could reply, he asked "Are you talking about tempering one's body with the Dragon Blood?"

"Yes, you really did that?" When he heard Mike asking the question, he got excited as he asked.

"No, of course not! How can my family afford that? You should've learned about my family, right? There is no way I can afford a drop of dragon blood." Mike shook his head with helpless smile. He couldn't even afford two dark crystals, not to mention the blood of dragon.

"You are right. Your background is completely ordinary. A drop of dragon blood costs nearly a billion dollar. There is no way you can afford it." Xylan nodded his head with understanding.

"You are telling me as if you can afford it." Mike was little provoked by Xylan's attitude, so he also spread his chest and approached him.

"Of course I can. My family own five major Dark Crystals Mine making more than three trillions each month by these mines alone. We have two emperor ranks cultivator, thirteen kings, and thousands of commanders. Not just that, we also own the Flash Intelligence."

"Our organization might not be the strongest but when it comes to information, we possesses ten times more than other top organizations. Although I haven't used Dragon Blood to improve my strength, after this task completion, I can get a drop of dragon blood." Xylan answered with a strong tone. He wasn't looking down on Mike but his expression was turning into pride.

"WTF? Are you freaking serious?" Mike almost felt like clutching his neck. He even raised his hands but in the mid-air, he dropped down. Suddenly, an idea struck his mind "Xylan, how about we made a little cooperation?"

"What kind of cooperation?" Xylan was little alert thinking if Mike will blackmail him to complete the task. And, he was almost correct.

"You said, if you complete the task, you will get reward. If I am not wrong, then you can get almost anything you want as long as you prove your worth, right?" Mike asked thanking his past experience of reading those novels. Unlike them, he not only remembers special moves like heat beam, cold breath, etc but also remembers many plot lines.

"Yes, that's why I asked you if we should try Hell-Level." Xylan got excited after hearing Mike's words. That's why he suggested to try higher difficulty.

"Xylan, I didn't want to take advantage of you but you are taking the advantage of me. So, how about this? If I help you cross the Hell-Level without endangering your life, you will get me a drop of dragon blood." Mike instantly explained his idea. At this moment, both were taking advantage of each other.

"Slap"

"Curse my foul mouth!" At this moment, Xylan slapped his own mouth for revealing his goal. But soon, he shook his head and said "Mike, I don't want to take advantage of you but it's really impossible. Even if I cross Hell-Level, I won't get more than a drop of dragon blood."

"Of course, I will get extra benefits such as few billion dollars, few dark energy crystals, a C-Rank Weapon, and few Martial Arts."

"Wait a minute, why martial arts? Don't you create your own using Enlightenment God Stones?" Although martial arts aren't usually spoken, he still compares skills with martial arts. So, when he heard martial arts, he got confused. Why not enlightenment god stones?

"Ehh! I get it. You think martial arts are same as skills, don't you?" Xylan instantly understood his intention and asked.

"Yes, I do. Could it be wrong?" Mike was not confused. 'Skills, Divine Abilities, Innate Abilities, Cultivation technique, only martial arts were missing. Now, even you decided to land on my life? Isn't the person who created this world an idiot?'

'Can't he decided one thing and expand it? Why must you add your entire fantasy in this world? Hey, lord of heaven, have mercy and stop adding these kinds of different powers. My mind is going completely messy. Thankfully, I have the system show my status and differentiate between abilities, skills, and martial arts.'

Deep down, Mike felt speechless after hearing the upcoming martial arts. But he didn't stop Xylan and let him explain.

"Martial Arts are a kind of supplement for cultivation. Whenever you use martial art, your core will engage more with your body and absorb the energy from the surroundings faster than through regular meditation with its help. Normally, people can't forward dark energy crystals. So, Academy provides martial arts to the students."

"The main ability of martial arts is to strengthen the mutated cells. You know, our body contains two kinds of cells. One being a mutated cell, while the other being a normal cell. Although we commonly say ability energy being the result of stamina, dark energy, and several different energy as one."

"But, that's false. Normally, these kinds of energies can't be transformed into ability energy. First, these kinds of energies need to be merged with mutated cells and create mutated energy. Only then, the ability source contained inside the core can transform mutated energy into ability energy."

"Martial Arts are just like exercise. But exercises can't absorb the dark energy from surrounding. While martial arts are proficient on it. They absorb the energy while constantly burning the stamina, and other nutrients inside the mutated cells which will produce mutated energy."

"Then, this energy will travel into the core and transform into ability energy to fill up the core."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, about the deal. Since I can't get the dragon blood, give me everything else. And, if you really want more, we can cross few more Hell-Level Dungeons." Mike took a moment to think about the martial arts system and finally talked about the deal.

"Aren't you asking too much?" Xylan frowned upon Mike's shamelessness and asked with dissatisfaction.

"Listen here! Two of you can't find another A-Rank so easily. And, I am much more powerful than the fifth rank soldier. You should know after entering the Hell-Level, it would be me doing everything. Two of you would be completely useless as you were supposed to be 'here'."

"Since, I am doing the work here. I need benefits. And even if I get those benefits, you are still getting the dragon blood. Not mentioning its price, I can guess its rarity in the market. Even if I have wealth, can I buy the dragon blood? No! So, why can't you understand my feelings and give everything to me."

At this moment, another few words rang in his mind 'including your sister'. But he didn't say it out loud.

His words made Xylan embarrassed. He didn't know how to reply in this situation. Even though dragon blood seems the biggest reward, if it is measured by wealth, then everything else except dragon blood will have higher benefits.

A few billion dollars, C-Rank weapon, Martial Arts, and Dark Energy Crystals, each of them is a huge reward in itself. But Xylan can't decline now. It would be hard to find A-Rank just like Mike said. He only chose Mike because he was the Mad Beast Emperor disciple.

Otherwise, the C-Rank Innate Ability user isn't qualified to be in a group with him. After thinking for a long time, he nodded his head and agreed. Finally, he decided to take Hell-Level Trial.

After seeing him agree, Mike made a genuine smile and said "By the way, how can I change real-life currency into game currency?"

Previously, he thought he needs to earn a lot of bronze coins to gain system points. But now, he has another idea. If I can change real-life currency into bronze coins, why wait to gather bronze coins to earn system points.

If you have a brain, use it well. If you have money, then spend it well. This is his philosophy of life. But he doesn't want to buy unnecessary things. His current goal was Space Essence, Life Exterminator, Invincible Defense, and Void Escape.

"Space Essence- 20000 System Points"

"Life Exterminator (D-Rank) - 20000 System Points"

"Invincible Defense (D-Rank) – 20000 System Points"

"Void Escape (D-Rank) – 20000 System Points"

The total would be eighty thousand system points costing over eight million bronze coins and that would be eight hundred million dollars. That's something he can't afford in his current condition. (PS: There was a mistake in chapter 19. Please read the author note at the end)

But, after crossing this stage, he might be able to gain that. So, he must make sure that he earns enough. Hearing Mike's question, Xylan answered "You need to earn five contribution points for each transaction. And only when you have enough contribution points, you use your ID in Ascending to Godhood website to exchange currency."

'Fuck! That's so uncool.' Although Mike cursed about it, he doesn't too much. First, he must secure his income. But soon, a smile appeared on his face as his eyeballs slide to his right side. He quickly put a smile on his face and said "Well, we can do it. But I don't know you in the real world. How can I believe that you won't lie?"

"Hmm! Can't you just believe my words? And, you are the Mad Beast Emperor disciple, why would I lie to you?" Xylan frowned because he doesn't know how to prove this transaction.

"Well I can believe you but in case you forget or make any excuses. Until you transfer things to my place and money into my account, your sister will stay in-game with me." When Mike spoke, Xylan found it strange. He doesn't understand why Mike wants it in such a way.

And, it's not like he can control whether Liora wants to go out or not. But suddenly, Liora spoke "Ummmmm..... Brother, I---I will stay here. We do not break promises, you remember, right?"

At this moment, her cheeks were burning red. She was drenched with sweat and her legs were shaking a bit. There was a small flow of liquid through her thigh. Unfortunately, her pants were hiding it so no one could see it.

"Are you alright, sister?" Xylan didn't understand what was happening so, he anxiously asked.

"Ummm! Brother, this...…. This pant feels too hard for battle. Can I change my clothes?" Liora asked with a red tomato face.

"But, don't jeans make it easier to fight?" Xylan asked with confusion. He felt his sister was talking very strangely. He doesn't understand why?

"I am not asking you, I am informing you. Humph!" When Liora heard his question, she instantly felt irritated. She doesn't understand why though. But she felt Xylan was interfering too much.

"Uh-huh!" Xylan didn't know what to say. His sister rarely losses her temper. So, he couldn't understand why she changed so much. Liora instantly left towards behind few trees and summon a small hut out of her inventory.

This hut was the size of a changing room. In the next minute, she was already out. That surprised Xylan and didn't understand how she changed so fast. Usually, she takes more than five minutes. But when he saw her new clothes. His confusion grew even more.

She wore tight string lingerie inside while, same top-tank and a short skirt. Liora hastily walked towards them and stood close to Mike, very close to being exact. Their arms were touching each other. Suddenly, she glared at Xylan and shouted "Don't you need to finish the Hell-Level registration? Do it fast, we don't have all day."

She was a smart person. And, she instantly understood Mike's hint. But, she needs to check whether her thoughts were correct or not. So, she instantly changed her clothes and came out. Because she knew, her brother will be distracted while registering.

Xylan nodded his head and clicked on Hell-Level. Suddenly, a blue light covered him and he started registering the party's identity. Hell-Level is completely different than others. And, a person needs to register for the Hell-Level with a thick level of background.

Because normal people aren't allowed to participate in Hell-Level. He doesn't understand why but Hell-Level is very special. This was the exact moment Liora was waiting for. When she saw her brother covered in blue light, she turned around. But when she was about to turn around, a foreign skin moved around her, touching bit by bit.

She closed her eyes for a moment while turning her head and slowly opened looking at his eyes. When their gaze interchanged, a blush appeared on her face. Mike slowly moved his finger towards the top, slowly sliding her panty.

"Wait for a while, okay?" Mike leaned close to her and whispered. She nodded her head but at the same time, she moaned "Hmmmm!"

At this moment, his finger slowly revolves around the outer layer of her cave. Suddenly, he curved his finger and made his finger inside her cave. After reaching a bit inside, he started moving his finger hitting her G-spot.

"Hmmmmmm!"

At this moment, Liora felt heavenly pleasure shrilling throughout her body making her moan hard. Her expression changed as her face became more erotic. But suddenly, Mike removed his finger. In an instant, her expression froze. She looked at Mike with confusion.

"Do you want it inside you?" Mike giggled as he asked looking at her begging expression. As if tears were sliding into her eyes, she made an extremely pitiful expression.

Liora nodded her head vigorously but also felt a little shameful. She was a princess but now, she was begging for a finger. Of course, it wasn't because of Mike's finger rather his Sex Aura. Mike admits he was a real talent in this world.

You want a guy who can fight the world with brute force alone and also several levels above him, yes his unique talent has that. You want to make a woman fall for yourself without a proper technique. Yes, his young dragon can instantly rage inside her womb to make her your servant.

Okay, you don't have experience or skill but you still want to make women fall for you. No, unfortunately, his unique talent doesn't have this kind of power. But he has a unique cultivation technique and divine ability.

So, technically, this is also his talent. In other words, he has a talent for being the strongest with lots of women. So, when he saw her action. An evil thought rose in his heart as he leaned closer and whispered "Then, how about you become my slave? You will get both finger and the real dragon at the bottom."

When he said that, he instantly ran Chaotic Path towards Harmony to burst out all of his remaining energy through the sex aura. He completely wanted to dominate her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'This sounds little evil. Unfortunately, I believe in action rather than words. I have seen many protagonists treating slaves as their queens. So, why I can't treat a princess as my slave? Hopefully, I won't develop any fetish like this.' Mike comforted himself and remained in the same attitude.

His Sex Aura was erupting too wildly, confusing her mine. She was resisting it due to the presence of shame in her heart. But even that got removed when Mike whispered "Seems like you don't want it. I thought you wanted my little dragon inside you. So, I was just taking a little advantage of you."

"After all, you need to repay me for all that pleasure I would've given you. Maybe, you don't understand. But pleasure is the most unachievable thing in the world. Even if you get the wealth to cover the world, you might never be happy without a perfect rod."

"I don't want to brag but I need only seven smashes to make you cum." His words made her heartbeat escape. She couldn't help but look at him with a speechless expression. She didn't understand how could anyone make slavery so good? And, what's with the seven smashes? Do you think I would believe it?

But she was starting to believe it. Her cave was drenching with white liquid making her completely wet and begging to cum. They were in the mission, so it would be impossible to masturbate. But Mike didn't stop there.

He kept whispering "Do you know the benefit of being a slave is your time with me? If you become my wife, I would bang my cock in you for five minutes. After that, both of us will have our climax and then, we would be busy with our own thing."

"But if you become my slave. You will generate dirty thoughts in my heart. Just imagine yourself in a cowboy suit for half an hour, string lingerie for half an hour, bikinis for half an hour, jeans for half an half, naked for complete one hour, sexy maid dress for half an hour, and student uniform for half an hour. Just imagine how many hours will you spend with me for sex?"

"Do you think being someone else's slave will be bad for your reputation? This is the thought of people that makes them stop from exploring their inner desires. Have you ever heard of those Hentai NTR'ed comics? Even though she is someone else's wife, she left him just for the sake of a cock. Oh! I forget current age doesn't have many comics and novels."

"They are the real women. They know what their body needs and for that, they willing to give up everything. Of course, I don't support NTR. You should find a cock that makes you satisfy, shouldn't you? That's your inborn right as a woman. So, why are you still hesitating?"

"Hmmmmmm!" Suddenly, Mike moved his finger while she was having her own thoughts. His finger pierced her cave and bent a little. Then, he started hitting her spot and whispered when she was drowning in moaning "You don't need to hurry to answer my words. Just take your time."

Saying so, he left her cave but didn't stop his Sex Aura. Currently, his technique isn't good. So, he was fully dependent on the Sex Aura. Of course, he believes he can completely make her surrender with his cock without technique.

He stopped himself because that blue light was slowly disappearing. It nearly took five minutes to complete the registration. Mike took a step forward with a smile to distract Xylan as he asked "Why do you need to register yet again for the Hell-Level?"

When he moved forward, he covered Liora. Because she was very much drenching wet.

"Hell-Level isn't easy to cross, so it records those party identities in the main server of the universe. Based on this, many top organizations select the members. Only top-level organizations are allowed to see that list."

"And, it will also force yourself a quest based on your status and your family contribution. If you have a powerful background, you can choose the quests to a certain limit. Currently, we also have a quest. Let's move!" Xylan didn't try to look at Liora and explained.

He didn't know what happened to his sister. Mike nodded him and followed a bit forward until another blue panel with white words appeared.

"Welcome to the Hell-Level Difficulty. Hope you have brought your own onion to chase ghosts away!"

"Registration- By Miller Family"

"Force Task- Defeat Slime-Kun

Description- Slime-Kun is the lord of slimes in the Water Jade Dungeon. Slime Kun has the ability of all other slimes, so he must be defeated.

Reward- 5000 Bronze Coins*3, 5000 EXP*3, 50 Contribution Points*3, 50 Health Potions*3, 50 Power Potions*3, and E-Rank Weapon*3

Failure Punishment- Death"

"Wow! This quest is awesome." Mike's eyeballs almost popped out after seeing this quest.

Hush!

"Tsk! Tsk! Tsk! You really don't know anything, do you? Do you know how powerful slimes are? Unless, your Innate Ability is powerful than theirs or if you possess a completely higher realm, they can instantly absorb all of your attacks. And, Failure is death." Xylan sighed after seeing this task.

Even with the Miller Family reputation, he got this freaking hard quest. He almost struck his forehead with distress. Now, he can't back down because if he doesn't enter the Dungeon within five minutes, his family will suffer a powerful disaster.

"Come on! Don't worry about the slimes, I will knock them out with a single punch." Mike was really confident about his ability. But deep down, he was thinking of a better plan against the slimes. He has many kinds of slimes throughout his reading experience.

Rumble! Rumble! Rumble! Bang!

Slowly the gate opened in front of them as they walked inside the gate. The moment three of them entered the gate, it suddenly closes on its own.

For a moment, three of them were frightened. Soon, they mustered courage and walked inside. They weren't truly scared rather only for a moment. But Liora was still walking in an awkward position. She was still trembling for the pleasure.

The more she tries to hold back, the more she wants to ride in his cock. Unfortunately, she couldn't do it now. No matter how much she tries, she can't do it.

Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!

Water was dropping on the surface but they could easily hear that sound. Inside the cave, it was almost a pin-drop silent making every other sound clear. Even their heartbeats were easy to listen to.

Tap! Tap!

"Who?" Suddenly, Liora felt someone tapping her bare skin. She jumped out of instinct and turned around. She hurriedly rushed away as her breathing suddenly increased. Her movement made Mike and Xylan alert.

Both of them turned around and saw a blue sponge. It was the size of a human head with nothing but a blue jelly-like body. Suddenly, its body involuntarily moved towards Mike who had clenched his fist. When the sponge reached in front of him, Mike slammed his fist on it.

"Meteor Fist"

Bong! Boing! Boing! Boing!

It wasn't an ordinary fist. Using the ability energy with the strength of unique ability, he still used the meteor fist. But his fist only knocked it on the ground. It collided with the ground a few times until it finally retreated twenty meters away from him.

Advanced Low-Level F-Rank Slime!

"Damn it! How can a slime gain Impact Absorption?" Mike's face turned ugly when he saw his attack didn't have any impact. At this moment, Xylan shouted, "Mike, physical attacks don't work on blue slimes."

"Blue Slimes has impact absorption. Green Slimes has elemental absorption. White Slimes has an Impenetrable Body making it impossible for even a B-Rank sharp sword to make a cut. Gray Slimes has weapon replication. As for the Slime-Kun, it has all four abilities. And, all of them has the A-Rank Abilities."

"Are you freaking serious?" Mike instantly turned serious. If this was the case, it would be a pretty ugly fight.

"Ummmm! M----Mike, let me handle it." Suddenly, Liora mustered her courage and spoke with a red face.

"But, isn't your ability related to weapons?" Mike asked with confusion. He has seen Liora creating a big spiky spinning wheel.

Hearing his words, Xylan had a bright smile on his face making him even more confused. On another side, Liora summoned her golden chakra. She raised her hand with her index finger pointing at the top. Her chakra revolved around her index finger.

Swish! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop!

Suddenly, her chakra moved out with speed faster than sound. Mike's eyes couldn't even take a glance of it until the slime was perfectly cut in half. But it didn't stop until it made hundreds of slimes pieces.

"Amazing!" When he saw the power of chakra, he couldn't help but feel amazed with wide eyes. He raised his thumbs-up at her and praised her. Originally, Liora was in the battle position but when Mike praised her, she got distracted with a blush on her face.

"Sister watch out!" "Whoosh" "Bang" "Thud"

Suddenly, the slime came out of blue striking its body on her stomach. When it slammed her, her body flew back and collided against the wall coughing out blood. She fell to the ground on her chest.

"Damn! It's extreme regeneration." Seeing the slime repairing itself so fast, Xylan's face turned pale.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Bang" With burning rage in his eyes, Xylan rushed towards the slime with a silver spear in his hand. His speed was faster than the smile making it hard to dodge the tip of the spear. When its tip collided against the slime, it made a hole through it.

But its sponge body recovered in an instant. Mike didn't participate in the battle. Instead, he went to Liora to check her. But even at this moment, he didn't deactivate his Sex Aura. Fortunately, Liora's mind and body were acting in different situations.

Her mind was acting logically as she took the Healing Potions just after colliding against the wall. But her cave was still dripping wet. When she saw Mike approaching her, her body started acting even more. But Mike arrived in front of her and said "Stop! Right now, it is not the time to think about those things."

"I know you desperately want my cock but now is not the time. We must overcome this obstacle before starting our days of pleasure." Mike didn't even blink. He spoke with a straight face making her believe that he wasn't a lustful person.

And she truly believed. The seriousness appeared in her eyes. She looked at her brother attacking the slimes and suddenly her pupils shrunk. Mike nodded his head and said "We are attracting more slimes. We need to finish this up so closely."

"But how?" Even her Chakra extreme speed didn't work against it, how can they defeat it?

"I have an idea. But I need your help. Use what you have and target everyone single one of them." Mike looked at the dozens of slimes appearing from the darker shades of the cave and spoke. Although she didn't understand, she still nodded her head and summoned the golden chakra.

It appeared above her palm. The next moment it spun and flew towards those slimes. Normally, Mike couldn't be caught up to its speed but he could still reach the moment after those slimes were chopped up.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop!

Whoosh! Whoosh! Chop! Chop! Chop! Chop!

"Inferno Booster!" Boom!

Suddenly, he lifted his arms and his palm faced the front. The ability energy inside his body rumbled around his veins, and gushed out through his veins, transforming into a stream of red flames. Although the flame was devastating, it was only a C-Rank fire element.

But his attack worked and the entire pieces of slimes got burnt into a crisp. Xylan and Liora were shocked but they didn't have time to ask. Xylan directly moved out of the way while Liora kept chopping them with her chakra.

"Inferno Booster!" "Inferno Booster!"

By the power of Inferno Booster, his body was pushed back a little. But he held on relying on his immense physical strength. The flames gushing out of his palm were burning those pieces of slimes. And now, they couldn't regenerate.

"Wow! Mike, you are a double abilities user. That's amazing! No wonder, you became Mad Beast Emperor with your background." When Mike finished burning those slimes, Xylan exclaimed while moving near him.

Mike nodded his head because he didn't have any idea to hide his talent. Who in their right/battle mind will hide their talent from the rest of the world? Liora was also beaming with adoration and admiration. But she was also confused when she saw his flames disappearing too soon.

Xylan also noticed it and asked with surprise "Mike, your fire element isn't high ranking, is it?"

"No!" Mike shook his head and answered.

"Then, why did those slimes died? Don't tell me they got weaken after my sister's attack?" Xylan asked with confusion. Normally, these slimes should have regenerated into their previous state but they couldn't heal their wounds.

"You are confused because you didn't understand their power well. They don't have regeneration. They only have Reattachment. Whenever their body is severed into pieces, they can reattach their body. So, only elemental attacks work on them."

"Unfortunately, they can still block my C-Rank elemental attacks. As you just said, only A-Rank or higher ability can damage them thoroughly. Not just that, their ability needs to be something that can counter their ability."

"Although my fire could counter it because it only has Impact Absorption, my fire is still very low level. So, I need to use my mind. You can break a thin tree branch with ease. But if you tied bundles of them together and try to break, can you? No, because it would be strong."

"So, I needed something that could split them into several hundred pieces and weaken their power. Remember, they don't have A-Rank elemental counter ability. It's just their body that can counter my C-Rank fire. Once their body got divided into pieces, they no longer possess that ability."

Mike calmly explained while analyzing his own fire element. Although his fire element rank isn't mentioned by the system, he had a feeling that his element must be C-Rank. A week ago, he had seen Mac's fire. That fire was equally hot as his current fire.

So, he started calling it C-Rank. But that's made him curious about his Divine Sun Body ranking system. He was having a hard time understanding the ranking of his system. So, he had an easy change. He completely removed F-Rank.

There should be no F-Rank within him. Everything should start from E-Rank to S-Rank and even higher.

"Ohhhh!" Xylan was a little ashamed because he missed out on such an easy detail. Of course, it wasn't his fault. In the madness, people forget about many things. Mike forgets that he died due to sex during the madness and so he fucked up Jenny in the middle of the forest.

Seeing his embarrassed face, Liora giggled and looked at Mike with affection in her eyes. But Mike was facing a problem now. Sex Aura was toiling too much on his body. And, there was a little amount of energy that remained to maintain the Sex Aura.

'System Sister, you sure this will work? I had to maintain Sex Aura for so long. I don't want to lose that just because of a silly test.' Mike asked the system in his mind. While he felt the consumption of his stamina, he immediately asked the system for a solution. You have a perfect A.I. technology in the system, so why bother that small mind of yours.

'Host should have a little faith in the system. This liquid is made with several sexes simulation medicine and the host's sperm. Although it is just a test product, it will surely work. Once you insert this liquid in her vagina, it will instantly release the same effect as the Sex Aura for an entire day.' System Sister's voice rang in his mind.

'Okay, I hope this will work.' Mike didn't want to continue using the Sex Aura, so he decided to give it a try. He took a deep breath and looked at Xylan saying "Xylan, we need a proper plan now. Well, I have a plan but you need to do some part on it."

"Since I have promised to help you cross this difficulty, I will fulfill my promise. But we need to know more about the slimes. You said, there are four kinds of slimes, right? We have defeated Blue Slimes. Now, your job is to find Green Slimes. I will use my physical strength to easily slaughter them."

"As for white and gray slimes, we need proper planning. So, until you find out the hideout of green slimes, I will stay here and make a plan."

Xylan nodded his head without any further thinking. He knew Mike could make a good plan since he was able to identify the situation with blue slimes within a few moments of time. The human body is tempered vigorously through each stage, so the same goes for Xylan. His speed was three times faster than any top-level runner.

When he disappeared from their sight, Liora and Mike looked at each other and giggled. Mike came closer and asked, "So, did you decide whether to be my slave or not?" While asking this question, Mike felt a little frustrated. If it was a hotel or outside, he would have taken her to the hotel and fucked her.

He believes with his cock and Sex-Aura, he can instantly turn her into his slave. But now, he can't do it. So, he needs to convince her through words. And that's what frustrates him.

"Hmmmmmm!" Suddenly, Mike moved his hand closer to her thigh while a white liquid appeared on his finger. Feeling white liquid, he smirked and slowly slid her panty. He continued moving his finger while she didn't even try to stop him.

Instead, she got drowned in pleasure when his finger reached inside. But this time, he decided to use two fingers at once.

"Ahhhh!"

Two fingers meant double pleasure as they pierced deeper inside her, he kept knocking in and out of her. The white liquid had already reached deeper into her vagina. But suddenly, the system sister's voice rang on his mind and he withdraws his finger immediately.

'Host, do not make her cum! Otherwise, your hard work will be flushed out.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At this moment, Liora was feeling complicated. On one hand, she didn't want to be other's slave. In another hand, he was making her hard to just stand there. She really wanted to have sex, and with Mike nonetheless.

She was enjoying every second when Mike inserted his finger inside her. And, that's the feeling she wanted to feel. Of course, it wasn't her fault. It was completely Mike's fault. Sex Aura intensifies her feeling if Mike makes any movement in her body.

Even if he doesn't insert his finger inside her, he can still make her a true slut. But it requires time and some techniques. Unfortunately, Mike lacks both so he could only give his best and rely on Sex Aura to conquer her.

But when he removed his hand and backed up a little, Mike suddenly began to doubt himself 'Something has changed. I wasn't as perverted as I am right now. No, I wasn't even close to being a perverted kid. I was just a regular human. But why did I change so much.'

'Wait a minute, does the Sex-Aura has any side effect?'

'Sex Aura doesn't have any side effects. The current change in Host's body is due to his alter ego. So, I do suggest you not to develop any fetish.' System Sister Voice rang on his mind making his confusion clear. But he was a little skeptical when he heard about alter ego. He doesn't believe he was controlled by his own alter ego.

'Well, whatever! I freaking don't care about this. I know one thing and that is my goal. Adventure with a grand harem. I don't care it me who created it or it is my alter ego.' Mike shook his head and stopped thinking too much into it.

"I-------If---- I became your slave. How will you use me?" Suddenly, Liora's voice rang from behind making him instantly turn back. There was a huge shock on his face. Through her stubbornness, he thought only fucking her would make her follow his wish.

But this sudden turn of event made him overflow like a boy who had failed every seasonal exam but suddenly got good marks on finals. But soon, he composed himself and spoke "First, everything that belongs to you, will belong to me. Second, I will have sex with you in every image I can have or want. Third, I will never abandon you."

His words struck her heart like a teddy bear. So soft, so fluffy, that she wants to give him a powerful hug. Just when she was about to give him a hug, Mike suddenly said "Hold on! Your brother is almost here."

His words froze his movement. A powerful killing intent burst out of her heart aimed at her brother. Xylan felt a cold air near his skin that made him shudder. He suspiciously looked at his sister and asked "Sister, is something wrong? You are acting strange from the moment we entered the forest."

"Humph! I am fine. Let's finish this dungeon quick." Saying so, she strode forward without even giving him a second glance. But suddenly, Xylan screamed "Sister stop, there are the impenetrable slimes. I didn't find any green slimes."

Mike heard his scream and stomped his foot on the ground. His single kick pushed him several meters away. He saw a horde of white slimes rushing towards them. He didn't stop. He also wanted to finish this quick and have sex with Liora.

The Howling Tiger Spear appeared on his hand. The brute force gushed out of his body in the form of ability energy inside the spear. The brute force was domineering instantly awakening the power of the tiger. From his spear, a phantom of the tiger appeared.

When the tiger howled, he raised his spear and pushed it. The spear tip burst like a tiger coming out of the cage. The tiger phantom raised his claw out of the spear and smashed it against those slimes.

"Howling Tiger Spear Art- Tiger Breaking the Cage"

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The second of Howling Tiger Spear Art. It wasn't completed since his intention was a little different. He wanted to create a phantom that can come out of his spear, leave the spear, run on the ground, and pounced at his enemy.

Unfortunately, he found it would an enormous amount of ability energy to hold such a phantom for so long. And it also requires long enlightenment to comprehend the profoundness of his brute force. The tiger's paw settled dozens of slimes.

"Inferno Boosters!"

In an instant, the spear disappeared from his hands and the blazing flames blasted those slimes turning them into ashes. More ever they were not split in half. Their skin was torn in half, to their inner part.

Surprisingly, when the flames disappeared a white liquid remained on the ground. But the slimes were still coming. Suddenly, a golden chakra rushed by him. It was few inches away from his shoulder which shocked Mike.

Suddenly, cold sweat appeared on his face. With his current strength, this chakra might not be able to completely cut him off but its speed is almost invincible. He couldn't even sense its exact position. But he quickly understood why Liora attacked.

She was angry. Her chakra collided against one of the slimes and created powerful friction, slowly cutting its skin. This made her even angrier. At this moment, she was completely dripping down. She really wanted to finish it quickly.

Unfortunately, her attacks were completely useless. Mike smirked when he saw her situation. At this moment, he had the thrust of completing this quest faster than anything else. The spear reappeared on his hand.

The blazing heat erupted out of his spear as he rushed towards them. The blazing heat wasn't going to be useful and he knows that. So, he instantly threw his spear to his left hand. The blazing fire was heating up his spear while he forced out the brute force from his right hand.

Whoosh!

He suddenly clenched his fist and the power sucked in those slimes. When those slimes flew towards him, he raised his fist, pulled his arms back, and smashed forward.

"Meteor Fist!"

Bang!

"Fire Spear Strike"

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The blazing flames gushed out from the tip of his sword, changed into the shape of the spear, and exploded upon touching the first slime. With the explosion, all remaining white slimes were burnt to crisp.

"Xylan, did you find other slimes?" Mike looked back and shouted. But suddenly, he noticed Xylan was already fighting something else. Then, his eyes shifted, and saw three giant spears colliding against the silver spear.

"Mike, help me out! After this, we will have the company of green slimes. We need to hurry up and finish them." Xylan shouted as he smashed his spear vertical. The tip of the spear came down creating a powerful slash at the smile in the middle.

Ding! Ding! Splash!

Originally, he was planning to rush but suddenly stopped and moved towards Liora. While he moved away, Xylan's palm was pierced by the spear elongated from the slime at the middle. These gray slimes were elongating their body parts into the spear.

"Liora, how many bronze coins you have?" Mike reached out to her and asked with an anxious expression.

Xylan almost fell down after hearing him. Liora was also surprised but she still replied "One hundred and fifty bronze coins."

"Give me hundred bronze coins! Fast, hurry up!" Mike could hear another horde of slimes rushing towards them from the front. He can't defeat both of them with his current state. Not to mention, there was still the Slime-Kun.

Even with the physical strength close to the sixth rank, it would be hard to fight more than thirty slimes that can replicate weapons at once. And, they can also reattach their body parts. Liora didn't understand him but still took out a pouch of hundred bronze coins.

Mike accepted and thought 'System, convert bronze coins into system points. And use all system points to evolve the Meteor Fist.'

'Evolution Time: 1 min'

Suddenly, a panel appeared in front of him making startled. But he didn't waste his time looking at the panel. He turned his head at Liora, putting his hand at her shoulder, he spoke with the serious expression "Liora, there will be another horde coming up soon. I will go and help your brother. Until then, try your best to hold that horde."

Her Chakra ability was insane for its best and sharpness, so he was really worried when she was about to face Green Slimes. But her ability energy was consumed rapidly, moreover, she was still burning hot due to the urge to have sex with him. She barely holding on by the edge of a thread.

When she felt his hands on her shoulder, a powerful stimulation occurred on her body turning her on. But when she saw his serious face, she barely held herself and nodded her head. Seeing her agreeing, Mike stomped his feet on the ground and rushed towards them.

Suddenly, he moved his hand back. His palms faced the back releasing an intense stream of flames.

"Inferno Booster!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike's body blasted like a rocket moving towards Xylan. But suddenly, he got confused. When he was about to take out his spear, Xylan shouted "Mike, don't come! I forget about something that could be used. You need to save a lot of ability energy to fight Slime-Kun."

His words surprised Mike. But Xylan wasn't in the mood to understand other's words. He was cursing himself in his mind 'Damn! How could I forget something so important in the middle of the battle? It's all because of sis. I was constantly worried about her. And, I even forget about my trump card.'

'Technically, it wasn't her fault either. Our first opponent was Impact Absorption Slime. My Energy Shockwave Art wouldn't have done any damage to them. But, against these slimes, I can use it to disintegrate them.'

'Miller family may not have many S-Rank geniuses but we have a lot of money. Thankfully, my father gifted me Martial Art when I became the first rank solider. Energy Shockwave Art, I have practiced this martial art to perfection. I need to use it against these slimes.'

'Oh shit! I need to make my sister remember about this art. But, why did she forget about it? And, her emotions are constantly changing within this dungeon. What's happening actually?'

But Xylan didn't give too much thought to it. A small glass bottle with yellow liquid appeared in his hand. He instantly drank the liquid and his body started healing. At the same time, he closed his eyes and focused on the Energy Shockwave Art.

With his eyes closed, he lifted his hand and smashed his spear shaft against the elongated spear of the gray slime. Suddenly, he opened his eyes. Originally, he was randomly swinging his spear but he didn't expect to hit the slime.

The slime condensed the spear that was rivaling his strike by sheer force. But suddenly, the energy gushed out of his spear. Xylan's silver spear released a roar like a dragon-filled with enormous energy. The energy coated his spear and the energy started vibrating at an extreme speed.

Bang!

But this speed wasn't visible by the naked eyes, not to mention, slimes didn't even have the eyes. They were only using their unique senses to sense the heat radiance around them. His spear split the elongated spear of slime, he instantly takes back his spear and thrusts it towards the slime's main body.

He rotated his right wrist that was holding the end of the spear. His actions caused the entire spear to rotate and the energy released by the spear drilled in the slime's body. The energy released a powerful vibration that was destroying its cells, so the slime couldn't reattach.

Liora also saw her brother using the Energy Shockwave Art and cursed herself 'Damn! How could I get so much distracted? It's all his fault. He is urging me to have sex with him that I even forget about our trump card. I am soaking wet, dying to ride his cock.'

'I need to control myself for now. I can ride his cock later only if I can survive. Energy Shockwave Art was created by our two hundred years old ancestors. My Golden Chakra is supposed to the weapon of a god.'

'But, due to lack of dark energy, I could only awaken it as an A-Rank ability. Not to mention, my affinity with dark energy isn't high either. But still, I need to utilize whatever I've. Golden Chakra has speed and sharpness. Against the green slimes, they could be the best weapon.'

'Unfortunately, this is Hell-Level difficultly. So, they have reattachment ability. But, if I use the Energy Shockwave Art with the Golden Chakra, I would be able to destroy their cells and kill them. Unlike these slimes, Slime-Kun possesses all four unique abilities as well as the strength higher than these slimes.'

'Mike's biggest advantage is his physical strength. I hope he can find a way to defeat the Slime-Kun because it has the impact absorption ability. This might be the reason why Xylan stopped Mike and tried to defeat the entire horde by himself.'

'If both of them teamed up, they could easily defeat these hordes but Mike's ability energy would be consumed in an enormous amount. Xylan must have put his faith in Mike's ability to think in a difficult situation. He is betting his life on a person that he doesn't even know about.'

'Fuck! Why the hell I am even worried about my brother? It should be me. I am betting my life and virginity on a person that I don't even know about. I even promised to be his slave. Damn! It's all because of this drenched pussy and inner desire.'

At this moment, Liora was on the verge of going berserk. She raised her hands and murmured "With the current amount of ability energy that I possess, I can only make ten Golden Chakras. If I infuse the Energy Shockwave Art in each chakra, I should be able to take down these slimes."

Just as she thought, her ability energy erupted towards her head, and ten golden chakras emerged around her. The ability energy was constantly consumed to form these golden chakras. At the same time, she had infused the Energy Shockwave Art in her ability energy.

Once the ability energy formed the golden chakra, the uniqueness of shockwave hides within the golden chakras.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Ten golden chakras instantly rushed towards those slimes. She targeted ten green slimes at the front. When the golden chakra touched the surface of the slimes, she spread her arms and said "Scattered!"

With her words, ten golden chakras are scattered in ten thousand golden mini chakras. Each chakra scattered in thousand and all of them easily pierced inside these slime's bodies.

Each time the mini chakra collided inside the slime body, the energy vibration merges with the rotation of this chakra and shred those cells into pieces, completely crumbling those cells. But these chakras were moving in a certain direction, so they find their way out of slimes, killing them.

When those golden chakras came out from another side, she immediately shouted "Reattached!"

With her words, the golden chakras grouped before entering the bodies of other slimes.

"Scattered!" "Reattached!" "Scattered!" "Reattached"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seeing them fighting hard against those hordes, Mike was genuinely moved. But when he saw their Energy Shockwave Art, a trace of greed appeared in his eyes. But it instantly disappeared as he shook his head and thought 'I don't need to harbor any greed at them. Once I complete this Hell-Level Dungeon, I would be able to earn those rewards.'

'Not to mention, Liora is my slave now. Everything that belongs to her belongs to me. I don't need to worry about it. But I can indeed become a little shameless. Jenny won't give me money without any reason. Lauren's condition doesn't allow me to ask money from her.'

'My only choice is Liora. I need to make her my bank. Hmm! If possible, I should try to create a permanent earning market for her. But more importantly, I need to finish these damn quests and also improve my strength.'

'Within a year, I must make Lauren a Heavenly Maiden. I don't want to suffer one year of torment in the depths of hell. Well, first thing first, I must defeat Slime-Kun. I should hurry up and leave.'

Mike finally turned his gaze toward the path where Xylan wondered previously. His speed soars as he traveled hundreds of meters in a matter of seconds. At this moment, he placed his faith in Xylan and Liora to defeat those slimes.

Whoosh! Bang!

Suddenly, a long red spear gushed towards him like the wind. Mike's senses startled him as he kicked on the ground and somersaulted. In the mid-air, the howling tiger spear appeared on his hand. Holding the spear with both of his hands, he smashed his spear-like rod.

The tips of the spears collided, creating a powerful shockwave. Surprisingly, the red spear wasn't attached to the slime as Mike predicted. With powerful force, Mike pushed down the red spear on the ground under his spear.

He lifted his head and looked at the figure in front of him. There was a five feet tall slime. Its color was completely red with four different color stripes. Gray color stripe was horizontal, the green color strip was vertical, the blue color strip was diagonal from top right to bottom left, and white color strip was also diagonal from top left to bottom right.

'What the fuck? Shouldn't this be X-Color Slime rather than Slime-Kun? If it wasn't for the color, I would've called it X-Force Slime. That name sounds rather cool. This made me remember. I didn't use contraceptives up until now. I wonder if X-Force Condom is still available in this world.'

Although he was thinking of absurd things in his mind, his eyes were stuck at the Slime-Kun. Suddenly, his eyeballs rolled to the right as he saw the spear approaching him with great speed. It was made him frightened for a moment.

He didn't expect the X-Force slime could release two spears from his body. Unlike Slime-Kun, Gray slimes could only elongate their body and transform it into the spear.

Whoosh! Ding!

In an instant, he stomped his feet on the ground and bent a little. His body turned right, and the power of his feet pushed him up in the air. His body rushed like a cannonball. He held the spear with both of his hands smashed on it.

The collision of the two spears created a powerful shockwave trembling the cave. But suddenly, his gaze noticed the spear he previously pressed with his spear returned back to the Slime-Kun. Seeing this, a smile appeared on his face.

He instantly understood the function of the slime-kun. The blazing flames erupted on the spear. But he was gradually falling down. In the mid-air, he used his insane physical strength to make a powerful rotation. When the rotation completed, his right hand shook and threw the spear blazing on flames.

Boom! Thud!

"Fire Spear Strike!"

With the step falling on the ground, his body turned around and rushed towards the Slime Kun. He raised his fist and the small rocks around him started trembling. Soon, everything seems to be floating in the air, even the giant slime floated on the air.

Whoosh! Bang!

The giant slime couldn't control his body and flew towards Mike. He clenched his fist as he saw the slime-kun approaching him. His knees bent a little, and he pulled his arm back. The brute force trembled inside his body erupting into his fist. When the slime-kun approached him, he took his left foot forward and punched out.

"Meteor Fist!"

Whoosh! Boom! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

His punch sent the slime-kun flying. Its body collided against the wall and bounced on the ground. But not a single trace of damage could be found on its body.

Whoosh!

"Divine Sun Body!" But Mike didn't stop. In an instant, he rushed towards Slime-kun with a roar. The blazing flames appeared on his body. Divine Sun Body was activated strengthening his strength and empowering the flames.

But its effect didn't increase his strength by a lot. While rushing towards the Slime-Kun, he picked up his Howling Tiger Spear in the middle. He held the spear in his right hand and infused an enormous amount of fire energy.

"Fire Spear Strike!"

There was still some distance between them. Mike gripped his spear and threw it with his full force. His spear moved to pierce the air and burning it.

Whoosh! Ding!

Slime-Kun sensed the upcoming threat. His body part slowly elongated into a spear and suddenly detached from him, towards the Howling Tiger Spear. Both of the spears collided but the Howling Tiger Spear pierced through the Slime-Kung Spear.

Whoosh! Bang!

Suddenly, Mike rushed towards the Slime-Kun in a matter of seconds. His palms were releasing an immense amount of flames pushing him in incredible strength. In a matter of seconds, he reached in front of the Slime-Kun and punched hard before that elongated part retract back to its body.

"Meteor Fist!"

The Slime-Kun's body exploded into pieces after the collision. But it soon re-attached under his eyes. Seeing this Mike muttered "I was right. Slime-Kun can only use one ability at once. If I can find the correct timing, I can land powerful hits."

"But it's body incredibly strong to kill. Even after breaking it into pieces, it reattached itself in a matter of seconds. The only thing that I can try is to consume it. I don't believe its energy is infinite."

Although Mike said that, he knows he also doesn't have infinite ability energy. While analyzing the Slime-Kun, a sudden thought rang in his mind 'What if I tame this slime? Then, I can form X-Force legion.'

'And slimes can replicate anything. If I remember correctly, then slime can reproduce a new body from its own body. Currently, many people are distressed due to constant cultivation and fight. I think I can open a business with the slimes. If I can tame one, it can reproduce hundred.'

'If I can evolve and acquire the human transformation ability for them, I can open thousands of prostitution around the world. Slimes are unisex. The same slime can give pleasure to a woman and a man. Hehe! This idea is so great. How come people didn't think of it?'

'I must acquire this slime. The system, do you have any suggestions?' When he looked at the slime deeply, his eyes started glowing with excitement. At the same time, a blue panel appeared in front of him.

"Ten Thousand Beast Taming Technique- 100000 System Points"

'What the fuck? How can you set such a high price?' Mike shouted in his heart. He got excited upon reading the name but when he read the price, his excitement flushed away and got replaced by anger.

Beast Taming Gas- 15 System Points (One-time use)

'This is fine. It's a thousand times better than the previous one. At least, I can't earn such a ridiculous wealth in a flash.' Thinking of this, he instantly rushed away. He ran towards Liora and Xylan, hoping they had finished their part.

But he was wrong. When he reached near them, he saw Xylan falling at disadvantage against the Gray slimes. Liora was in a helpless situation. Her ability energy was completely emptied. Seeing this, Mike closed his eyes in the middle but kept running.

The entire cave started trembling. Everything that wasn't heavy or connected to something heavy, flew on the air. Seeing this, Xylan and Liora instantly turned their head. For a moment, excitement flashed on their face.

But soon, their excitement flashed away as they saw Slime-Kun following Mike. But Mike didn't care about their expression. He used his mental power to control his ability energy. The gravity pulled everything towards Mike's fist, especially those gray slimes.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Boom!

When all gray slimes flew towards him, Mike raised his fist and smashed the body of the slime at the very front. But his first erupted a powerful impact shredding those slimes into pieces.

"Meteor Fist!"

In an instant, Mike appeared in front of Xylan and said "Give me all the bronze coins you have!"

Hearing his words, Xylan and Liora froze and sighed "Mike, you surely are Mad Beast Emperor disciple."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mad Beast Emperor, also known as Mad Bandit. Whenever there is a completion or any sort of event, he would gather the entire group of people at one place and rob them. He usually earned money by this strategy and improve his talent.

That was necessary for him since he came from a poor background. But this was the attitude that makes him very distinguished from anyone else. Even at the time of danger or life and death situation, he won't let go of the opportunities to earn money.

Mike was doing the same. They were in a deadly situation but he was still greedy about money. At least, these were their thoughts on him. Knowing this was his nature, Xylan sighed and took out the pouch filled with bronze coins.

There were nearly two hundred bronze coins. Mike instantly took it and put it in his system store that looked completely the same as a game inventory. This was a little modification done by the system whenever he is inside the game.

Two hundred bronze coins were converted into twenty system points. In an instant, he bought the Beast Taming Gas. The Beast Taming Gas was inside a green grenade. But just when he was about to use it, he froze and thought 'What the fuck? Didn't I promise myself to go through many hard situations and use every adventure to its fullest?'

'Damn! I shouldn't use this kind of trick in such situations. I should be a man and face any difficulties with my broadened chest. Alright, let's have a hard battle against this Slime-Kun. If I defeat it, then I win. If I can't defeat it, then.... Hmmm! I will use my system.'

'Cheats and shits, both should be released when they are forced.'

'But this made me remember. My Yin-Yang Harmony System has so many functions. I didn't think there would be a function that can turn my sperm into something so useful. Well, technically sperm is the most important factor of life. Without it, there would be no life.'

'So, I shouldn't underestimate it just because I released it in a bottle instead of the womb. But the system, I definitely deserve an instruction manual. This way I would've proper knowledge about your functions.'

'Because you had so many hidden functions that you didn't display on the screen. You need to write a proper instruction Manual. Don't worry, you can simply type two chapters a day. So, I can take five minutes before my bedtime to read your instruction manual. The title should be 'Yin-Yang Harmony System.'

At this moment, the system stayed silent for a moment and finally answered "Host, sometimes if you don't have dialogues for comedy, you don't have to force it. Cheat and shit can be forced but not a comedy. It needs proper timing and dialogue."

After this, Mike stayed silent. He looked at the Slime-Kun and thought 'So, where was I? Ahh, yes! I was making a plan to defeat this guy. Since it has four different abilities, I am at a major disadvantage. But it can't use two abilities at the same time. It needs time to make its body adapt to another ability before using it.'

System: ......

'Currently, I have Inferno Booster for a speed. But there is a certain problem. It makes too much noise that can easily alert the Slime-Kun. So, I can only use my Physical Agility. I have Brute Force and Fire Element.'

'Fire Element needs to use as a distraction since it is only C-Rank. Of course, Brute Force is C-Rank but my unique ability has been enhanced by the strength which would be enough to punch that sponge into a paste. But there is another problem. My C-Rank Brute Force disadvantage might get covered by my unique ability in terms of physical strength.'

'But when it comes to ability energy, it is still a problem. My Meteor Fist relies on ability energy and that ability energy is only C-Rank. So, instead of using direct punches, I should try creating something new. I have watched so many anime and cartoons, I don't believe I can't create something on spot.'

'I just need to remember basics. But for the last blow, I just need to punch harder.'

"Hu!" Mike took a long breath and put the grenade back. But he didn't waste more time because Slime-Kun didn't give him a chance. It suddenly released a white spear at the speed equal to his Inferno Booster, covering hundreds of meters in a matter of seconds.

Whoosh! Boom!

'Alright, here it comes.' Mike spread his right arm and opened his hands. The flame spur out of his palm like candlelight. Slowly, that flame started shaping into a comet tail, slowly rotating at his palm. While doing so, he kept retreating behind.

Fortunately, his flame was strong and didn't extinguish soon. He slowly began to control the rotation and compression of the flame, turning it into a spinning ball of flame.

Poof!

But suddenly, that ball of flame exploded on his own hand. But the explosion was like a balloon with a hole in it. The flame extinguished on his hand making him blush in shame. But suddenly, the flame erupted once again.

But this time, a spear accompanied the flame. He infused the flame into his Howling Tiger Spear. He tapped the ground with his right foot and took a full turn.

"Fire Spear Strike"

Boom!

The dust and smoke covered the entire cave. While inside it, Mike condensed the flame spiraling over his flame. The speed of flame and compression of his fire energy made a powerful rotation. But slowly another flame appeared and started spinning from a different angle.

The previous flame rotated horizontally from left to right, and this flame rotated vertically from top to bottom. In an instant, these two rotations made a perfect ball of flames. The gaps between these two flames were filled with the flames generated by the rotation.

But the rotation was spreading the flames which he needed to compress. On his second try, he condensed a fist-size spiral fireball. The moment he condensed the fireball, he instantly rushed towards the slime-kun.

Everything was still covered with smoke, so he rushed to the position where the slime-kun was and smashed the fireball. Without waiting for a moment, he infused his fist with brute force and punched out.

Whoosh!

His punch created a powerful wave of impact that swept the smoke. But when his vision was clear, he didn't see slime-kun in front of him. Rather, it had already rushed behind him. The Slime-Kun elongated its body part, condensing a spear and throwing it towards him from behind.

Mike was completely misguided as the spear gushed from behind. The spear was a meter long filled with intense force but nothing else.

Splash! Bang!

The tip of the spear pierced his right shoulder as he tried to dodge it. It pierced through his powerful defense and the impact made his body spun in mid-air. With its powerful force, the spear managed to push Mike against the wall.

Boom!

But Mike was also prepared. Taking the damage, he created his third fireball and shot at the Slime-Kun. Unprepared to defend, the fireball exploded against the Slime-Kun shredding it into pieces. But Mike knew this wasn't the end.

"Ahhhhh" Screaming in agony, he plunged out the spear from his right shoulder and threw it away.

Krrrrrr!

He shreds his t-shirt and warped around his wound. The small bottle with yellow liquid appears in his hand. He opened the lid with his teeth and drank the entire bottle. It was a small bottle containing only ten milliliters of liquid.

Thud!

He stood up and kicked his feet on the ground. At this moment, Mike was furious. From his ten years of fantasy experience, he learned anger is a strength. The angrier you get, the stronger you will be. He knows this was only a reference to making a character desperate but he was also desperate.

What does he do not have that protagonists of those fantasies have? He was reincarnated. He has the system with his old memories. His lover is the top family princess. His other lover is from a poor family with enormous talent. He might not have a fat friend. But he has many things that others have.

So for him, he believes he can do whatever other fantasies protagonist can do. He was desperate and now he is angry. Because he believes anger is strength. With a single kick, he crossed the distance between him and the slime-kun.

The Slime-Kun had only reattached his body. At this moment, he took out the spear, infused his spear with brute force, and thrust it.

"Howling Tiger Spear Art- Tiger Breaking the Cage"

Its paws were filled with an endless domineering attitude. When the tiger's phantom appeared above his spear, it stretched his hand/leg and smashed its claw on the Slime-Kun. That claw tore the Slime-Kun into pieces.

But that didn't stop there. He instantly regained his brute force and infused his spear with flames. He spun it once from the end that was held by his right hand and thrust it.

"Fire Spear Strike"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Boom!

With the explosion, everything got covered in smoke and dust. Mike instantly removed his spear and infused his fist and smashed forward. His fist swept the surrounding. The smoke was removed but just like the previous, slime-kun wasn't there.

'Ahhh! Why doesn't slime have eyes?'

At this moment, Mike madly cursed in his heart. Because of their unique senses, the Slime-Kun was able to dodge his attacks even when they were covered with smoke. He close closed and murmured "This is enough. Since you won't be defeated like this, then I will just punch smarter."

Finally, Mike gave up the idea about those tricks. He infused the Brute Force all around his body.

Thud! Bang!

He turned his body and kicked the ground. His body transformed like a white beam of light as he moved towards the Slime. He pulled his fist back and smashed on the slime-kun. But right at that moment, his impact was completely absorbed.

Thud! Whoosh! Bang!

But, he didn't give up. He leaped on the air with a powerful jump and raised his foot. His foot stood vertical and he slammed his foot on the Slime-Kun.

Splash! Tap! Tap! Tap!

But suddenly, the Slime-Kun released its elongated spear and pierced his leg. Blood dripped on the ground, and Mike's face turned pale in pain. But he didn't stop. He stood himself on his left foot and punched toward the Slime-Kun.

When his fist moved towards the Slim-Kun, he instantly released his flame. The flame condensed at his fist turning it hot.

Bang!

At this moment, his fist sent the Slime-Kun flying. Unfortunately, it still succeeds in absorbing the impact. The flame did some damage to its body but it still wasn't enough. Suddenly, Xylan shouted from behind "Mike, wear these!"

Mike turned his face and saw a pair of knuckles coming towards him. His face beamed with his job. These were exactly the weapons he needed for defeating the Slime-Kun. At this moment, he realized Slimes aren't cute.

They aren't easy targets either. Even his Unique Ability wasn't enough to defeat him. Or rather, his unique ability didn't have any effect on his ability energy. It only improves his physical strength. To kill this Slime-Kun in a single punch, he needs S-Rank Brute Force.

'Who in the hell set this difficulty? Do they think S-Rank are cabbages?'

'Damn! If I ever find the guy who set this difficultly, I make this same slime to fuck him for three days and three nights.'

Wearing those knuckles, he instantly rushed towards the Slime-Kun. He raised his fist and smashed another punch on the Slim-Kun. Basically, this Slime-Kun was like a punching bag. And he just needs to punch harder to break it.

Boing! Boing!

Suddenly, the Slime-Kun felt uneasiness after being stabbed with the spiky knuckles and slammed its huge body everywhere. Mike retreated in case the Slime-Kun hits him with that body. Although it's spongy, it has a powerful force that can knock him on the ground with ease.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

He calmed down his mind and started looking for the opening. When he saw the Slim-Kun calming down. He instantly rushed and smashed three-four punches on its body.

Splash! Ahhh

This time, the Slime-Kun absorbed the impact and released the spear to pierce the same shoulder where it previously attacked. The spear pierced through the hole that was barely healed. It made Mike scream in agony.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Filled with pain, his anger rose. He couldn't ignore the pain but he didn't want to wait any longer. He didn't take out the spear but kept punching the Slime-Kun infusing the knuckles with brute force.

At the same time, he also infused his hands with flames. Each strike, he pulled part of Slime-Kun's body out. With the help of the knuckle, he was able to cut the inner part of the Slime-Kun. So, he disintegrated the body of the Slime-Kun.

"Howling Tiger Spear Art- Tiger's Manifestation"

The Howling Tiger Spear appeared on his hand and the infusing the brute force. He twisted his right wrist and made a powerful rotation for his spear. He thrust it with the tiger phantom manifesting from the spear.

Roar!

The tiger roared towards the detached parts of the Slime-Kun and restricted them to reattach with the tiger's pressure. At the same time, this pressure created powerful waves of wind that torn the Slime-Kun's body into several smaller pieces.

He pulled back his spear and the flames infused his spear. Just like the previous time, he twisted his spear end that rotated the entire spear and slammed it towards the disintegrated parts of Slime-Kun.

"Fire Spear Strike"

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The flames erupted out of his spear the moment his spear stopped. These flames spread wild as Mike turned around. He kept his spear on the system's space.

The explosions continued while he took out the Healing Potion and drank it. At the same time, a screen appeared in front of each of them. Just when they were about to meet Mike, Xylan and Liora stopped by the notification system.

"Congratulation on crossing Water Jade Dungeon on Hell-Difficultly."

But this panel was accompanied by few other panels.

"Congratulation Mike Tyson for slaying Slime-Kun"

"Congratulation Miller Family for attaining C-Rank Contribution Badge."

"Congratulation Xylan Miller and Liora Miller for representing Miller Family"

"Congratulation on earning 5000 Bronze Coins*3, 5000 EXP*3, 50 Contribution Points*3, 50 Health Potions*3, 50 Power Potions*3, and E-Rank Weapon*3! Rewards have been split between each player by the System"

At this moment, a new panel appeared in front of Mike. But before looking at the panel, he took out the spear stuck on his shoulder. He didn't destroy this part instead put it in his system store. Only then, he looked at the panel.

"Hunter- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Third Rank (Eighth Evolution)

EXP- 5771/800 (For level-up)

Wealth- 5050 Bronze Coins

Contribution Points- 50

Inventory- 50 Health Potions, 50 Power Potions, Whirlwind Boots (E-Rank)"

"EXP has overflown. Would you like to level up?" The panel appeared making him excited.

"Yes" Without hesitation, he agreed.

"EXP has overflown. Would you like to level up?" The same panel appeared just when he started enjoying the small change in his body.

"Yes," He agreed again.

"EXP has overflown. Would you like to level up?" This time, it wasn't a normal breakthrough. It was major breakthrough from the third rank to the fourth rank.

But he still expected the EXP to be enough for the next breakthrough, so he agreed instantly.

"EXP has overflown. Would you like to level up?" But again, it showed up.

"Yes" Still, he agreed without any doubts.

"EXP has overflown. Would you like to level up?" But again, it showed up.

So, this time he opened his status panel and looked at the current status.

"Hunter- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Fourth Rank (Second Evolution)

EXP- 3671/300 (For level-up)

Wealth- 5050 Bronze Coins

Contribution Points- 50

Inventory- 50 Health Potions, 50 Power Potions, Whirlwind Boots (E-Rank)"

His expression froze for a moment, and he finally answered "Yes" But he still kept the status on.

"EXP has overflown. Would you like to level up?" The panel appeared again and there was a slight change in his status.

"Hunter- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Fourth Rank (Third Evolution)

EXP- 3371/400 (For level-up)

Wealth- 5050 Bronze Coins

Contribution Points- 50

Inventory- 50 Health Potions, 50 Power Potions, Whirlwind Boots (E-Rank)"

"Is this really what I think it is?" The excitement overflowed in his face. He hasn't breakthrough using EXP, not even once. So, he wasn't knowledgeable about it. But he wanted to check whether it was really true or not.

So, he kept answering yes until the panel no longer appeared. And finally, a huge change occurred in his status and his body.

"Hunter- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Fourth Rank (Ninth Evolution)

EXP- 371/1000 (For level-up)

Wealth- 5050 Bronze Coins

Contribution Points- 50

Inventory- 50 Health Potions, 50 Power Potions, Whirlwind Boots (E-Rank)"

"Holy shit! It's for real." Mike instantly walked towards Xylan and slammed his shoulder saying "Why didn't you tell me how the leveling system works?"

"Ehh! Mike, I just met you a few hours ago." Xylan was surprised by Mike's intervention. Unlike Mike, he didn't reach the ninth evolution instead stay at the seventh. The same goes for Liora, she was also promoted to the fourth rank soldier realm with seven evolutions.

Mike couldn't say anything about this. So, he kept his mouth shut and looked at his Yin-Yang Harmony System Status.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Fourth Rank (Ninth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+20 STR), Fire Element

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-3)

STR: 183 (Divine Sun Body +15)

AGI: 151

INT: 162

STM: 140

DEF: 178 (Divine Sun Body +15)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+200 STR), Super Speed (+200 AGI), Super Endurance (+200 DEF)

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike, Howling Tiger Spear Art

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green, Liora Miller

Stats Points: 0

System Points: 0

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 50 HP, 50 PP, Whirlwind Boots, and Beast Taming Gas

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'This is awesome. Now, my next move is to fuck Liora and complete the quest. I will try to break through as well.' Looking at his status, Mike had already started laying down his plan.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In Miller State, Europe;

There was a giant mansion at the heart of the state. This entire state belongs to the Miller Family alone. Of course, they have several other people living in this state, but it is still ruled by them.

"Father! Father! Father! A messenger from the Federation has arrived." Suddenly, a loud voice woke up an old man sitting in a room. This room was completely isolated with glass and the voice was coming from a speaker connected to the glass.

Hearing these words, the old man opened his eyes. There was a hint of seriousness in his eyes. He had white hair and a white mustache. Except that, he was perfectly fine. His body was slender and tall with very few wrinkles on his face.

He stood up and walked towards the door. The glass door opened. Half of it moved above while the other half moved below until the old man crossed the door. Soon, the door closed yet again. The room wasn't visible from the outside and there was only a little ventilation for the room.

There was a middle-aged man standing in front of the door. He quickly took a step when the door opened. The old man looked at the middle-aged man who was wearing a black suit and pants, and asked: "Where is the Messenger?"

"He has been accommodated in our guest room. This way, father." The middle-aged man also had a mustache but his hair was black with his mustache.

"I am only two hundred years old. I remember every path inside the house that I created." The old man spoke with a stern face as he walked past the middle-aged man.

The middle-aged man quickly caught up to the old man and said "Technically, workers and machines are the ones who created this house."

"But, I designed the house." The old man didn't even look at the middle-aged man and spoke.

"But, it was the engineer who designed the house." The middle-aged man-made the pride on his face disappear with a few words.

"Humph! No matter what, I am the one who confirmed the design. You can't argue with that." This time the old man turned his head towards the middle-aged man and yelled.

The middle-aged man's head was down but he still mumbled "It was the mother who confirmed the design."

..........

"Father?" After a long silence, he lifted his head and looked around. But he didn't see anyone. The old man had already vanished. He shook his head with a bitter laugh. He understands his father more than others.

For his father, everywhere he spends money becomes his own. Whether it is a company, people, properties, everything belongs to him once he spends his money. This is the attitude of the Miller Family. We have money, we can have everything.

This was Miller's family ideology. Money is nothing but also everything for them.

The old man quickly arrived at the guest room and saw a man sitting on the sofa with his leg crossed. When the old man arrived, the man stood up. But there was no sign of respect or joy. He was stern as he looked at the old man.

Then, he took out a rectangular scale-sized device. Suddenly, a virtual screen appeared above the device. After that, the man started reading the content on the virtual screen.

"Congratulation to Miller Family for successfully overcoming the Hell-Difficulty Dungeon. The representative from the Miller Family; Xylan Miller and Liora Miller along with Miller Family unregistered person going by the name 'Mike Tyson' has successfully received this achievement for Miller Family."

"As a registered family, Miller Family gains C-Rank Contribution Badge. Miller Family has gained five percent authority in Ascending to Godhood earth's server. With C-Rank Contribution Badge, Miller family can access all C-Rank Benefits."

"Our Federation hopes Miller family can keep up this progress and conquer the three thousand races territory for Humanity."

With his words, he kept the virtual screen device on the table after turning off the virtual screen and instantly disappeared. For a moment, the entire room was frozen. The old man couldn't process everything he heard just now. He kept thinking for a long time until the middle-aged man shook him and said "Father!"

"Peter, Xylan, and Liora are your children and my grandchildren, right?" The old man looked at his son and asked with confusion.

"Yes, what exactly happened? Why did you ask something like this?" Peter was slightly confused because he wasn't present when the messenger spoke. Then, he turned his head towards the maid that was serving tea. But, even she was confused.

The old man didn't say anything. He picked up the device, turned on the virtual screen, and handed it to Peter. With curiosity, Peter took it and read it. The next moment, he kept the virtual screen on the ground and asked "Father, Xylan and Liora are my children and your grandchildren, right?"

Bam! Bam!

"They are my children/grandchildren." Suddenly, two hands smashed their head from behind. The one who hit Peter was a young woman with brown hair. She was wearing a purple loose Gown. It covered her body from top to bottom exposing nothing.

While the person who hit the old man was another woman. Although her hair was black, there were few wrinkles on her face indicating her age. After all, she was Peter's mother and also two hundred years old.

........

Silence covered the room, and finally, it was broken by the old man's laugh "Hahaha-Hahaha! I knew my grandchildren are smart. Humph! Who dares to oppose their right for inheriting the business in the future? I didn't expect they would draw his disciple for completing the Hell-Difficult."

"Father, this is not the subject for praising them. How dare they risk their life on someone who they barely know?" But suddenly, Peter's wife interfered with his words with her concern. Unlike them, she was worried about their reckless act.

After all, it was true. They barely know anything about Mike.

"Alright, alright! We shouldn't think about possibilities. They successfully crossed the Hell-Level Difficulty and earned the C-Rank Contribution Badge. Peter, immediately starts those five hidden mines. Now that we have C-Rank Contribution Badge, we can openly use ten mines at once."

"Send Space Force to the nearest Space station of Federation and buy dozens of Dragon Blood. Also, now with the C-Rank Contribution Badge, we can also buy Gene Evolution Fluid. These two have earned the C-Rank Contribution Badge for us, we must reward them with three drops of dragon blood."

"Also, our Miller family knows how to show our gratitude. Find Mike's bank account and transfer five billion dollars. Send a commander to deliver B-Rank Martial Art, a B-Rank Weapon, and a hundred dark energy crystals."

"And, if it is possible, try to contact him. I want to make a proper relationship with such genius."

At this moment, no one could refute him. They know the strength of their children. So, it was entirely dependent on Mike to complete the task. Of course, they didn't know Xylan and Liora were also a great help to him.

Inside the Ascending to Godhood

"Alright, I found the proof of our task completion. Let's go!" Xylan found a letter left over the burnt body of the Slim-Kun and picked it up. At this moment, Mike sweated a cold sweat and thought 'Thankfully, I killed it rather than capturing it otherwise our task would be incomplete.'

'Alright, let's move.' Mike screamed in his heart with laughter and bliss. He really wanted to taste Liora for a long time. And, he felt he was entering the Yin-Yang Madness any moment. After all, he had held for so long, so it's natural to be released at once.

Three of them came out of the dungeon and strode towards the City of Athens. Three of them hastened their pace for different reasons. Mike and Liora were increasing their pace to cuddle while Xylan was in hurry to receive praise from his family.

Three of them entered the Hunter Guild and found the receptionist at the front desk. Three of them walked near her and said "Miss, we have completed the task." It was Xylan who spoke.

The receptionist smiled at him and took the letter but when she read it, she got frightened and fell. The receptionist near her saw that and came to help her. She leaned towards her and asked, "What happened?"

"H-H...…..H-Hell-Level. Th… the… they crossed Hell-Level." When she uttered those words, the entire Guild was silent.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

"Who is spilling the water at this moment?" Hearing the water droplets sound, a man sitting on the bench yelled.

"Dude! It's you." The person sitting opposite to him pointed at his lower body and said.

Only then that man realized, he had made his clothes wet.

"Hahaha-Hahaha"

Instantly, silence changed into laughter. But the laughter also changed in horror after few seconds.

"Sir..... can we talk behind? Hell-Level holds a powerful authority." The Receptionist tried to squeeze a smile while her hands were still shaking when she held the letter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Sir, please excuse our offensive behavior earlier! We didn't expect to see someone crossing Hell-Level Difficulty in our small city." The receptionist took them inside the room. It was illuminated with a crystal glowing at the wall.

"It's okay. But what kind of authority does the Hell-Level provides?" Except for the C-Rank Contribution Badge that they managed to obtain, he didn't know any other authority that he can obtain. After all, that badge left him speechless.

Previously, his family couldn't buy dragon blood above a certain limit likewise, they are not allowed to have more than a certain land in their name and business. There were many rules and regulations that need to be followed and only a higher contribution gives less restriction.

"Sir, Hell-Level Authority means something very dangerous. Unless you have higher control over a certain server, you need to face a hellish battle. I believe you had to use all of your tricks and still find it difficult to cross, right?" The receptionist put a bright smile on her face and calmly explained.

"Of course, it was difficult." Mike was the first one to speak here. During the battle with Slime-Kun, he suffered some terrible injuries. If it wasn't for the Health Potion, he would've been seriously injured.

But Xylan and Liora quickly nodded at his words. If it wasn't for Mike, they would be dead choosing such a hard level. After all, Mike's strength was nearly equal to a sixth rank soldier. But even so, he was having a hard time against Basic Middle-Tier Rank One Monster.

It was its difficult level that made it hellish. And, Mike's fire element also made a huge contribution. Overall, it took him the strength of the sixth rank soldier plus two weapons, plus two C Rank Innate Abilities.

And, he also needed bronze coins to evolve his Meteor Fist.

"Such a hard battle definitely needs a proper reward. Normally, the task only provides the reward when you crossed the Easy-Level. But when you pass Hard-Level, your rewards doubles. And, Nightmare has four times the reward. As for the Hell-Level, it has eight times the reward."

"When you kill those monsters on the dungeon, you didn't get any EXP which you were supposed to get. It wasn't because of the EXP that you got from the forced task. Rather, when you kill, your EXP gets accumulated into this letter. And, it is our job to provide the EXP you earned."

"This system makes everything fair for other races and us. Since it's not just us in this virtual world. Once you fail the dungeon quest, your accumulation will be doubled and given to them as per the level of difficulty you choose."

Hearing her words, Mike turned his head at Xylan and interrupted her with his words "You lied to me."

"I got no other choice at that time, okay?" Xylan felt helpless about his complaint and shook his shoulder.

"Humph!" Mike didn't keep arguing since they had something to finish.

"Sir and Miss, now let's talk about your rewards. Since you have crossed the Hell-Level Difficultly, you have gained eight times your previous rewards. You also gain Ten Contribution Points. And, three of you also gain a specific token that you can use to create your own guild."

"But before buying the guild, you must buy land. Once you buy the land, you must build the Guild Hall and then officially start your guild. Of course, using this token you can forcefully join any guild you want."

"And, nobody would/could reject you. Normally, people choose high ranking guild so that they can earn high rewards. Finally, you can get the eight times EXP from the number of monsters you kill. And, the one who killed the Dungeon Lord will get a specific card that can be used to upgrade a rank no matter what your rank is."

Saying so, she took out the rewards and spread them on the table. There were four cards, three pouches, three boxes, and three more cards. She pushed four cards towards them. These cards trembled and flew towards them.

Mike got two cards while the other two got the one-one card. Seeing this, the receptionist was surprised and curious. She didn't know Mike was the one who killed the Lord. She got these rewards after exchanging the letter.

There is teleportation in every guild which is used for transferring these kinds of objects. Mike held the two cards and looked at the receptionist asking "How do I use them?" He thought of tearing it but he wasn't sure whether it will work or not.

"You can tear it. But when you tear the special card, make sure you need the highest amount of EXP. This way, you will earn a better benefit." The receptionist lady explained while passing them three pouches.

Mike instantly tore the special card making everyone startled. Originally, the receptionist lady tried to say something but she noticed he was crossing the entire realm. So, she stopped herself and watched his transformation.

Soldier Realm mainly focuses on tempering the strength and forming the core. When he started his breakthrough, a new core was born on his right leg. At the same time, his body underwent a major transformation.

His blood was boiling and strengthening his overall body. In an instant, he reached the fifth rank. At the same time, he tore another card and gained one thousand six hundred and thirty-two EXP. With that much EXP, panels appeared one after another.

He didn't care about anything else and kept upgrading his rank. After ten minutes, he took everything from inside his inventory and finally looked at his status.

"Hunter- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Fifth Rank (Fifth Evolution)

EXP- 571/600 (For level-up)

Wealth- 9050 Bronze Coins

Contribution Points- 50

Inventory- 66 Health Potions, 50 Power Potions, Whirlwind Boots (E-Rank), Weapon Card*1"

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Fifth Rank (Fifth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force (+20 STR), Fire Element

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-3)

STR: 233 (Divine Sun Body +15)

AGI: 186

INT: 197

STM: 175

DEF: 228 (Divine Sun Body +15)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+250 STR), Super Speed (+250 AGI), Super Endurance (+250 DEF)

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike, Howling Tiger Spear Art

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green, Liora Miller

Stats Points: 0

System Points: 0

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 50 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1 and Beast Taming Gas, Guild Creation/Joining Token.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"Alright, it's your turn now." Mike finally looked at Xylan and made him remember his deal. Then, he looked at the receptionist and said "We should leave then."

The receptionist nodded at her and took them out. When they came out, they were greeted with jealousy and envy in some people's eyes. But most of them were looking at them with respect.

Suddenly, one of the men walked toward them and spoke with a smile "Hello, my name is Juren. I am from Mid-Night Devil Guild. Our guild will soon launch a raid at Nightmare-Level Difficult in Molten Lavanoid Dungeon in two days. Would you like to join?"

Mike turned his head and looked two beside him. They shook their head and he does the same answering "Sorry, but we have something else to deal with. I am afraid it won't be possible. But if you ever try high-level difficultly in a dungeon, please invite us."

He didn't outright refuse them instead tried to make a proper relationship. After all, he wasn't an idiot to go around everywhere making enemies. Though he wanted to fight more.

Hearing Mike's tone, that man's eyes brightened as he quickly nodded his head and said "It would be our honor. In fact, if we succeed in Nightmare Dungeon, we will try hitting the Hell-Level. But we might need a higher level. How about we add each other friends, so I can inform you about the details?"

Mike nodded his head and opened the main screen. There were few options on this screen.

'Status', 'Inventory', 'Friends', 'Guild', 'News'

Mike didn't waste his time and select the Friend icon. Then, another screen appeared in front of him.

'Add friend'

'Total friend'

'Friend Request*72'

"Huh?" Mike got confused by the number of friend requests on his screen. He raised his head and saw everyone in the Guild Hall using their system interface. Although he couldn't see their interface, it wasn't hard to notice.

Not just them, even Xylan and Liora were sending him friend requests. He squeezed an ugly smile and said "Ummm… So, we can talk later."

Then, he instantly caught Xylans and Liora's hand. Without waiting for their reply, he instantly left the Guild Hall.

After few seconds, he arrived thousands of meters away. But he didn't expect he had already got the attention of others.

"Covering thousands of meters in a matter of seconds with fifth rank soldier realm! Perhaps only the person who crossed Hell-Level can do it. What do you think of him?" A girl stood at the door of the Hunter Guild and spoke.

"Hmm! Let's talk after he reaches General Realm. After all, Dungeon of Demon King Atharos isn't easy to cross." The young man standing next to her spoke with a frightening aura releasing out of him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Well, I will go back and retrieve my rewards. I will send the money into your bank account and also send those things to your home." Xylan nods his head and logged out. In front of Liora and Mike, his figure slowly disappears.

Mike nodded his head. He wasn't worried about Xylan cheating on him because his sister now belongs to him. He warped his arm around Liora's waist and said "Shall we go back to the hotel?"

Liora blushed slightly and nodded her head. Her heart was beating very fast and she was dripping wet. Of course, before leaving the forest, she had already changed her clothes. Wearing tight pants, and a tank top, she walked with him.

They soon reached the hotel where Jenny and Mike had done it before. At that time, Jenny was the one who brought Mike into the hotel while now, it was Mike bringing another girl into the hotel. Both of them entered the hotel and saw a middle-aged woman standing at the front desk.

"Hello Sir, would like to book a room?" The middle-aged woman instantly recognized him and asked with a brilliant smile. As for Liora, she doesn't care which girl he brings in.

"Yes, I would like to book your top-quality room for the entire day." Saying so, he took out fifty bronze coins and passed them to her. It was expensive but worth it. The bed in the top-quality room was extremely cozy.

Seeing fifty bronze coins, her eyes sparkled as she hurriedly passed him the key. Mike pulled Liora's waist and walked up through the stairs. While walking, he leaned closer to her and whispered "Unfortunately, we don't have any sexy clothes."

"I—It doesn't matter, right?" Liora got embarrassed after hearing his voice up close in her ears. Her heartbeat escaped and her face was blushing hard.

"You forget to add 'master'." Mike couldn't help but bite her ears as he spoke.

"Ouch! M..M-Master, does it matter?" Liora cried in a mixed feelings of pain and pleasure. She looked at him with drunk eyes as they reached in front of the door and she asked.

Click!

"For this time, it really doesn't matter." Mike opened the door and pushed her inside along with her words. He slowly slipped his hand inside her pants and rubbed her wet pussy. When his hand came out, it was soaked in milky white fluid.

"You are too wet. But this makes things more interesting." An evil smirk appeared on his face when he looked at his fingers. He took her to the bed and unbuttoned her pants. Her first reaction was surprising. She tried to stop him but soon realize the situation and let him continue.

"Do you remember your promise?" But before doing anything, he looked deeply at her eyes and asked.

"Yes," Liora hurriedly nodded her head at the heat of the moment.

"Would you still comply with that promise?" At this moment, Mike released his powerful Sex Aura before continuing "From now on, you are my sex slave. Everything that belongs to you will belong to me. And you must do everything to satisfy my desires. In return, I will shove my little dragon into your cave."

"Liora Miller, do you comply with these statements?" Mike cleverly changed few things but Liora wasn't in the mood to understand. Mike had already removed his pant showing off his little dragon reaching eleven inches in front of her.

"Yes, please shove it inside of me." Seeing that huge cock, Liora supported her body with her forearm and slid her panty, showing her pink cave to his cock. At this moment, she was completely under his command.

"Ahhhhhhh!"

"Slow-Slow-Low own"

Hearing her words, he smirked and placed his cock at her entrance. Then, he slowly pushed it in. His movement was very slow but after few seconds, it had already reached the end. Her hymen got stretched and pain overtook her mind for a moment.

The bleeding starts but soon everything went as he expected. He instantly covered her mouth with his and tasted her sweet tongue. He knew at this moment, she wouldn't able to hold much longer. Soon, instead of pain, pleasure took her mind as he kept sucking her lips and nipples.

He was moving very slowly and slowly increased his pace when she started feeling good. After all, it wasn't a one-sided performance. Her uterus was stretching as his cock makes its way in. His pace increased and she started feeling pain.

"Hmmm!" "Ah-ah-ah-ah! Low-own!"

"Ahhh! I am cumming." After five minutes, she finally reached her climax and her organism with blood covered his little dragon. He was originally planning to ask her for the blowjob. But it was too dirty. He found she had fallen asleep after the organism.

He helplessly shook his head and walked towards the bathroom. He cleaned himself and then cleaned her. After that, his attention completely shifted towards the system. At this moment, he realized he didn't use Chaotic Path towards Harmony.

But he didn't think too much. First, it was her first time. Second, her cultivation was low. Unlike Lauren, she couldn't hold any longer after cumming for the first time.

"Monthly Quest 1- Take three woman virginity (3/3)- Completed

Reward- Evolution Stones*5, 50 System Points, 50 Stats Points, Weapon Advancement Stone*1, and Free Skill Card*1"

(Slight reminder: Please check the system storage)

Looking at this status, he thought for a while and finally used Weapon Advancement Stone to level up his Whirlwind Boot. At the same time, he used the Free Skill Card and obtained a powerful skill.

"Ultra-Sonic Punch

Rank- C

Description: Using brute force as the source of the power. The fist punched, creating a scream of a dragon that shatters the space."

"Finally, something that can be used as a trump card." Seeing the skill that he received from the free card, he let out a deep breath.

At the same time,

"Mother, don't worry. I will definitely take care of Mike." Standing in front of the bus, Jenny tried to comfort Elizabeth with her words. Elizabeth was still hesitating to enter the bus while the entire state was in chaos.

Dozens of balloons with projections were flying around transmitting the information.

"Attention! Attention! Attention!"

"Please do not make things difficult for our workers. Everyone will get a chance to leave the state except for Soldiers. Please do not make things difficult for our workers."

"This is an emergency situation. The government can't interfere with this phenomenon. Please cooperate and let your children/ soldiers stay at Ethen State. These soldiers will be the protector of humanity, slaughtering a thousand races for us."

"Please do not make things difficult for our workers. Whether you want it or not, soldiers need to be on the battlefield. Every parent is worried and we understand. So, if your soldier can overcome this difficulty, our government will heavily reward them."

Below those balloons, many people were crying and wailing against the armies. Parents were holding their children tightly, not allowing them to be separated. But each one of them was forcefully captured by the armies.

Many people understand the situation while some do not. At this moment, Elizabeth looked at Jenny with a crying face and said "Please take care of my son! I promise I will force him to marry you once you reach eighteen."

Hearing her words, Jenny stood there speechlessly. She didn't know what to say here. A few hundred meters away from them, Luke and Lucas were saying goodbye to Lauren. While she was busying teaching Luke "Remember, this is your opportunity."

"You don't have to worry about using those resources I've left for you. Soldier Realm is the easiest realm. You need to cultivate as fast as you can, understand?"

Luke had a trace of sadness in his eyes. He thought he could share his elder sister's burden. But it turned out. All the money he sends her was used for resources. And, those resources bought for him. She also bought resources for Lucas from her own pocket.

All this while she was paying up the debt and also maintaining their current livelihood. If it wasn't that, his sister would be a commander with her talent. Even he would be a General. After all, that was A-Rank talent.

Both of them weren't using any kinds of resources, relying everything on their talent and hard work. Seeing his mood, Lauren had complicated feelings in her heart. She had some secrets that she can't share right now. But she still tried to comfort him with few words.

"Don't worry about me. I have a plan for myself. If you really want to help your sister, reach General Realm within two months. I will leave Lucas's safety in your hand. Also, after this reunite with Mike. That girl, her existence might bring more safety for you and Lucas."

She didn't explain too much. After all, this information was a secret for a soldier from a common family. She was deeply jealous of Jenny's background. Because she had already noticed something that Mike and even the system failed to notice.

Saying so, she gets on the bus. Slowly bus was filled with people as it drifted over the ground and instantly moved thousands of meters in a matter of seconds. Within few seconds, the bus completely disappeared from their vision.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Master, you are so sweet. You don't treat me as a slave at all." Liora found herself cleaned and washed while wearing the dress and giggled at Mike.

"What? You want me to treat you like a true slave?" Mike walked near her, holding her chin, and asked while looking deep into her eyes.

"Of course not! I just didn't expect you to treat me this good." Liora smiled and bring her mouth closer to his. He also didn't let go of the opportunity and slammed his lips on hers. At this moment, the sweet taste of her lips made him excited.

But he controlled himself because he had already received the message from Xylan. It seems he had already sent the money. Anyway, he doesn't care. After all, he still has control over Liora.

While separating from her mouth, he smiled and said "But, I wanted to ask something from you. Can you send me your dark energy crystals? I really need them."

"Now, you are treating me like a slave." Hearing his request she bitterly smiled and transformed her smile sweet saying "Of course, I will do anything for you."

She didn't show any resistance even though her mind was not filled with lust at this moment. She nodded her head and decided to follow his request. Because she was completely falling for him even without lust.

And, remembering that pleasure, she was completely satisfied. Mike nodded at her with satisfaction and finally logged out. After logging out, his body transferred into his bed while the clone disappeared inside the helmet. First thing, he changed his clothes.

Just when he was about to wash his face, he heard the scream from outside. He hurriedly ran out fearing if something happened to his mom. Even though, he knew this wasn't her voice. But nobody will scream in fear for no reason, right?

When he came out, he was instantly shocked. In front of him, his stable and carefree society had turned to hell. He looked at the dark purple-black clouds covering the entire sky. The scenario in front of him was hellish. Countless monster's dead bodies with some teenagers had filled with roads.

Broken houses exploded cars were spread everywhere.

"So, you finally decided to join the party. Huh!" Suddenly, a voice came from the right side. It was none other than Jenny walking towards him with Lucas and Luke. Jenny and Luke were holding swords while Lucas was holding a rifle.

"From which perspective you see this as a party." Mike couldn't help but yell at her. But he was calm. He had already faced this situation or rather, he knew about this situation. This happened few times in past years.

But every unawakened person is transported into a safe place. So, he wasn't worried about his mom. But he still didn't forget to ask "By the way, mom has to be transported, right?"

"Unfortunately, no!" Jenny had a trace of sadness in her eyes as she spoke. She seems to be crying but tears didn't come out.

"What? What do you mean by no? Didn't they take every unawakened person away before this slaughter?" Mike instantly grabbed her shoulders. At this moment, he forgets and used his entire force. But surprisingly, nothing happened to her.

"I was just joking." Jenny laughed at his anxious to death face and spoke. Her giggling made Mike angrier but suddenly, he realized his ability energy has been activated. And, he also used his unique ability but nothing happened to her. He let go of her.

'System show me her status!' Filled with confusion, he instantly asked his system. Normally, this much strength should have made her feel pain. After all, his raw strength with his unique ability, his strength would be 483. And he still remembers her strength was around 350.

That's a vast difference in strength. But when he saw the status in front of him, he was shocked.

"Name- Jenny Flora

Age- 17

Cultivation- 8th Rank of Soldier Realm (Third Evolution)

Innate Ability- Raging Dark Demon Dragon (A-Rank)

STR: 663

AGI: 337

INT: 335

STM: 220

DEF: 629

Status- First Mistress (Wife)"

"What the hell? Did you use Dragon Blood to improve your strength?" Mike looked at her status, then looked back at her, then once again looked at her status and finally noticed a reason. He grabbed her shoulders again and shouted at her face.

"How did you know?" Jenny asked him with surprise on her face. She didn't expect he would know the reason and more importantly, how did he know? That question rang on her mind and from her mouth.

"You? How can you be selfish? Don't you know the meaning of sharing is caring?" Mike cried without tears. Dragon Blood, he found how precious this thing can be. Even if you have money, you can't buy an unlimited amount.

Because to buy dragon blood, you need to be a member of a certain big family. Because only they have the authority to share dragon blood. And if the big family supplies the dragon blood to someone who is not affiliated with their families, a certain organization would strike a fearsome case on that family.

That's why Liora couldn't give him the dragon blood. Unless he joins her completely through laws, he can't obtain it. But Mike was still jealous.

"Okay, my sharing boyfriend. Would you mind sharing with me the history behind that red lip mark on your lips? Would you mind sharing how you got a red lipstick mark on your lips inside the VR game? Would you?" In an instant, his jealousy was wiped out of existence.

'Holy shit! I forget to clean my face. Damn! It's all because of that scream. What should I do now?' Mike's mind started cursing that scream but still squeezed the smile and said "What bad weather is today? Jenny, how about we make more preparation for the future?"

Saying so, he walked towards Lucas and dragged him a little far saying "We will go out and bring some more food."

"Mike wait!" When Luke saw Mike dragging Lucas out, he shouted anxiously. He tried to chase them but he was stopped by Jenny who said "Let them go. Mike has gotten a lot stronger." As she spoke, she folded the sleeves of her green thin coat and showed a red mark.

It was Mike's hand mark when he squeezed her shoulder. But she suddenly remembered something and took out her phone. She instantly dialed Mike's number and called him.

Few hundred meters away, Mike felt his phone was ringing. He took out his phone from his jeans and picked up the call. He was a little scared to pick up Jenny's call, but if it was something important, he had to do it.

"Mike, this time the monsters that came out of the portals are different. They are the creature from hell. Some of them are zombies who take a bite and transform you into zombies. Some of them are vampires sucking your blood and turning you into the vampires."

"This time every creature is from hell, so you need to be extra careful from many creatures such as mosquitos. In case it bites you and transforms you into something awkward, it will be a major loss of eleven inches little dragon."

"Ask Anti-Aura Spray from Lucas and also wear a full-sleeved clothes. Since you are already out, try to bring frozen food from the market that you can find. And don't go travel too far away." Hearing Jenny's words, Mike's face turned black.

He couldn't understand whether she loves him or his dick. Is he even lower than his own dick?

'No, I am not. I own this little dragon. It doesn't own me. I can improve it and it...…. Technically, it can also improve me. But, no matter what I am the owner.' Mike tried to calm himself as he cut her call and kept his phone inside the pocket.

"M…. Maa. Mike, do you think this is a good idea? My cultivation is only at the fourth rank. Let's go back. My brother has improved a lot. With one or two days, he can easily reach the ninth rank." Lucas didn't know that Mike is very strong. That's why he was a little scared.

"How did you improve so much? And, your brother is also A-Rank. Why is he improving so slow?" Mike was literally confused. Did he improve so fast, why? He dual cultivated used his unique ability to finish off the Hell-level and improved his innate ability.

At this moment, Lucas's mood became dull. There was a trace of helplessness. He raised his hand towards Mike and suddenly pulled him into his embrace. Mike was surprised just when he was about to push Lucas.

His shoulder got wet.

"Hicc! Hicc! Hicc! Why Mike? Why is this happening to me? Why must they sacrifice so much for me? My sister couldn't enjoy her life, living a life for paying the debt for her brothers. My brother is the same. Why must they save the money for me? Why don't they use it for themselves? Am I worth it?"

"Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu! Mike, my sister is paying off the debt for me. But, can I ever pay her the debt that I shoulder? My brother and sisters are geniuses. But, because of me, they fall into such a state. Mike, am I really worth for such sacrifice?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey, how can you be so emotional? I am not very good to deal with emotions. But what I know is you need strength if you want to pay them back. You must improve yourself if you want to pay them back." Mike settled his head on his embrace and comforted him.

Mike was good at with dealing emotions. So, he didn't know how to answer or motivate him. He tried what he could and left everything else in the hands of the lord. Lucas took some time until he left Mike's embrace and squeezed an ugly smile.

"Don't worry, since she couldn't have a better life for herself. As her future husband, I will definitely help." Mike broadened his chest and took out his phone to read messages. He forgets about the messages earlier. But suddenly, his expression froze when he opened his bank account.

"Your Amount: $11026530210"

'Fuck! How did I earn eleven billion? Holy shit! What is happening?' Mike hurriedly checked his balance and found that there were three receiving transactions. Two for five billion in each time and one for one billion.

'Did Xylan think about it from his dick? Or, is it Liora who send another five billion? But then, who send me a billion-dollar?' Mike tried to think for a while but the answer didn't come to his mind.

'Whatever I'll ask Liora when we meet again. For now, let's focus on helping others. If I want to be the protagonist, I must help others. Fuck with this reasoning! I am only helping her because she is my future wife, nothing else. And, if I hadn't been so damn rich in a matter of seconds, I wouldn't think of helping anyone.'

Mike tried to comfort himself with few reasons and send a hundred million to Lauren's account. At the same time, he also typed a message 'do not ask about the source. Your future husband is so great that some idiots donated few billions.'

And, he pressed the send icon. Then he thought for a while 'I shouldn't say something so bad about a good person. Somebody might have donated that money due to his goodwill but.... Who in the right mind would donate billion just because of goodwill? Is this world so rich? I remember having fifty dollar pocket money in my pocket when mom didn't have the job.'

'No matter who it is, I hope lord god will give him a long life.' Mike prayed for the person and finally focused on the road and Lucas. At this moment, Lucas was in good condition. His tears were already wiped away.

"Lucas, give me the Anti-Aura Spray!" As for the long shirt, he didn't buy one. Man, he was a brute force. What if the shirt suddenly burst in the middle of the battle? But then again, the t-shirt has more chances of shredding into pieces.

Hmmm... Isn't that a good idea?

I should find a popular place.

"Someone! Save me!" Suddenly, both of them heard a cry. But they instantly ignored it.

"Someone! Hey you! Save me! Mike, Lucas, come and save me." That was the exact reason why they ignored it. Because they instantly recognized the voice. It belonged to none other than Brian. Their old friend and enemy in love.

He was their old friend but due to love interest, he became Lucas's enemy. Apparently, Lucas was in love with a girl. But instead of helping him, Brian used his wealth to seduce that girl and break Lucas's heart.

At this moment, Brian was facing off against a monster with his leg buried under a large stone. Suddenly, an evil smirk appeared on Mike's face. He looked at Lucas and said, "Let's help him!" But when Lucas saw his smile, he heard "Let's bury him!"

His face turned black but nonetheless, he followed Mike. The monster was a three-legged baseball glove faced with no eyes, gray and black skin, and drool coming out of its largemouth. As if the baseball player has opened his hands with gloves to catch the ball.

'Glove-faced Three-legged Drooling Monster?' When Mike saw the monster clearly, this name came to his mind. Even those movies had a better monster imagination than this.

'What kind of shitty monster is this? Yuck!' Mike almost vomited seeing that drool. He looked at the system interface and bought E-Rank Gloves. It costs him fifteen system points but it was worth it.

Whoosh! Bang!

Wearing the gloves, he rushed towards the monster and slammed right into that freaking disgusting mouth. But that drool fell on his gloves.

"Yikes" Mike almost vomited again as he splashed the drool right into Brian's face.

"Oops! Sorry, Brian! That was not my intention. Come, let me help." Saying so, he lifted his feet and walked closer. The big stone was still pressing against Brian's left leg.

"Ow! Ow! Ow! Yikes," But when Mike moved his feet, he stepped on Brian's right leg. The next moment, Brian opened his mouth to speak but that entire disgusting drool entered his mouth.

"Oh! Sorry! Sorry! There wasn't much space. So, I accidentally stepped on your foot. Let me help by removing this stone." The round stone was pressing his left leg. Mike walked towards the left side from the right and pushed the stone.

"Brian! Hold on! It's freaking heavy." Just when Brian was about to spit that drool and say something, Mike successfully pushed the stone.

"Wow! That was freaking heavy."

"Ahhhhhhh!" Just when Mike wiped away the sweat from his forehead, another scream came out of Brian's mouth. Mike hastily looked down and saw Brian's right foot getting pressed by the stone.

"Sorry, Brian! I'm really sorry. I will help you. Don't worry I won't do the same thing next time." Saying so, Mike didn't walk towards his right side and tried to push it from the left side.

"Ahhh! Ummm! Damn! My hands don't reach the stone. Let me get closer." Mike stayed at his position and spread his hand but Brian's legs were spread wide. He couldn't reach there. So, he took a step forward.

"Ahhhhh!" Another scream came from his mouth.

"Sorry, Brian! Don't worry I'll get this done from the below. Yes, I'll pull the stone." Saying so, Mike walked towards the stone from below. He didn't step on Brian's leg and tried to pull the stone.

"Ummm! Damn! How could this stone be so heavy to pull? What should I do?"

Mike tried to pull it again and again but he couldn't do it.

"Damn! Instead of pulling it, I should try pushing it." Saying so, he used a powerful force and pushed the stone forward.

"Haaaaaa! Help! Homeone! Help!" Suddenly, Mike heard the sound of a person suffering from asthma.

"Who is calling for the help?" Mike raised his head and looked around but didn't see anything. Finally, he followed the sound and looked down.

"Brian! Damn! I'm so freaking sorry Brian. It wasn't my intention. This stone is very heavy. I tried to pull it but couldn't do it. So, I had no choice but to push it. Don't worry, Brian, I will definitely remove it from your body." Mike hurriedly walked towards his head.

At this moment, Brian was feeling heavy to speak a single word. He regrets asking for help. He wanted Mike to go away. But Mike was already near his head, trying to push it. After two three tries, it didn't do down.

Mike looked down at his pale face and said "Brian, I told you. This stone is very heavy. I wouldn't be able to push it until I use my entire body. So, don't mind this okay?" Although he asked, he didn't wait for a reply.

Mike puts his left foot at his left shoulder while his right foot is on his face. Then, he leaned his body at the stone to lift it up. He used his entire body to lift the stone and threw it up in the sky. He then moved away from Brian and said "Brian, I finally saved you."

"Hehe! I have gotten stronger. That stone was nearly five-six Quintal but I threw it up at the sky."

"What?"

Bang! Dang! Dang! Crack! Crack!

At this moment, Brian's upper body directly stood up as if he was completely awake. That paleness completely disappeared with an incredible expression that couldn't be mentioned by words.

"Puff! Mike, you freaking broke his eggs." At this moment, Lucas didn't know whether to laugh or be bad. But how to laugh? This was no longer revenge. It was pure abuse. At this moment, Mike didn't reply to him and walked towards the girl who had fainted near Brian.

He shook her for a moment and woke her up. She was a beautiful girl, not on the level of Liora and others. But definitely a beauty. She was wearing mini pants with a tank top. When she opened her eyes, she saw the familiar face and blurted "Mike!"

"Sunny, I have a piece of bad news for you. Today, you can only choose one of the options from below. And, if you choose the right option, you will get an innovative prize."

"No.1- Love"

"No.2- Future with Children"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What the hell are you talking about?" Sunny rubbed her eyes to hear clearly. Well, she didn't rub her eyes to hear clearly. She couldn't see things properly with those lazy eyes. But she didn't understand his meaning, so she asked with confusion.

"Wait a minute, does this mean Brian is dead?" Before Mike could say something, Sunny jumped into Mike's embrace and asked him while holding his face with both of her hands. But she didn't have any sadness or depression on her face.

"He is not dead. But, he is having a hard time breathing. You should give him mouth-to-mouth support." Mike ignored the blazing fire in her eyes and spoke while pointing her finger at Brian.

"Tch! Let that son of bitch die! I thought he was rich but it turns out he had nothing but few millions." Sunny snorted at him and didn't even look at Mike.

"You really are one hell of slut." While speaking, Mike's hands moved into her ass and squeezed.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Sunny was completely unprepared for his act. From her basic understanding, Mike wasn't interested in girls. She didn't know the reason but she used to believe he was a eunuch.

Of course, she didn't know him well because she became his friend only for a year.

"Ahhh!" Suddenly, Mike moved his middle finger and inserted it inside her deep asshole making her moan in pleasure. But, Mike didn't continue and leaned closer "Would you like to work for me?"

At this moment, Sunny was a little surprised. Because she didn't understand his meaning. But he continued "Give me your phone!"

Sunny was surprised but still took out her phone and gave it to her. It was a five inches long full display phone. She touched the sensor and unlocked the phone. He made her touch sensor again but this time, he opened her banking app.

He took out his phone and scanned her QR code. Then, he transferred her a million dollars. When he returned the phone back to her, she was stunned. She looked at Mike with confusion. Mike leaned closer and spoke, "As I said previously, you are one hell of a slut who loves money."

"And, I really admire you. So, I want you to do something for me."

"What do you want to do?" Sunny took his words as a compliment and asked. She was really a slut. After all, while being Brian's girlfriend. She had another five relationships with guys rich as him. But, that's not the end.

She even used to seduce their father and earn a lot of money. Previously, Mike and Lucas didn't know about her. When Lucas used to love her, they used to think of her as an innocent girl. Love is madness, he used to follow her everywhere after school.

And, one day he found her entering prostitution. At that time, she was only fifteen. He was shocked and speechless. Later, they found her history. It turns out she was from a family having two brothers and two sisters without parents.

Her parents died when she was fourteen. After that, she sold her body for obtaining wealth to take care of her family. They wanted to help but they weren't in the condition to do so. That's why neither Lucas nor Mike hates her.

"After this war is finished, establish a prostitution for me." Mike leaned closer and whispered.

"What the fuck? Why do you want to open prostitution?" Sunny was speechless after hearing his words. She couldn't think of a reason for establishing prostitution as a teenager.

"For money!" Mike answered her with all honesty. And, he was really honest. He wanted to form his own power. And, he needs to start from somewhere. For now, prostitution would be a great idea. But, he doesn't want to get involved in it.

Because it might add some dirt to his future popularity. So, he has chosen Sunny for that. She is a perfect character. She is a slut by herself. That means she can serve him like any other prostitute. She likes money. And, so she would definitely do things for improving his prostitution.

But before that, he has planned to make her submit. Only then, he can completely trust her. Lucas stood a little far while checking Brian's condition. He saw Sunny sitting on Mike's lap while his hands were on her ass.

He shook his head. He felt Mike had changed completely. This change was something he had never seen. It's like Mike was holding these feelings and everything for a long time and so now, he has decided to express that feeling at once.

But he couldn't think of the reason which triggered those feelings. Suddenly, a memory came to his mind when he was on the public toilet with him. While peeing, Lucas asked, "Mike, have you started masturbating?"

"I am afraid of death." That was his answer.

'Does this mean he had some kind of restriction that made him unable to masturbate or harbor any bad thoughts? But suddenly, that restriction got broken and his previous feelings and thoughts burst out like the water from a waterfall.' Lucas thought while looking at Mike.

He shook his head and turned around. He was finally figuring out something.

'First that lady, then my sister. After that, he had red lipstick after coming out of the VR game. Now, he is playing with Sunny. He has become a playboy for certain. But why didn't my sister disagree with this behavior?'

'Why do some girls go crazy for a boy no matter how much of scum he could become? Is this love really twisted? Or, do girls feel different than boys? When I saw Sunny entering prostitution, I felt a burning pain in my heart. I was almost going to cry.'

'But, why do these girls do not care? Do they really love for sexual satisfaction only? If that is true, then is there no pure love in this world?'

At this moment, Lucas felt complicated while looking at Brian. He could see Brian was playing with Sunny and Sunny was playing with Brian. It was not loved. It was only for sexual satisfaction and money.

Mike didn't know his thoughts. He was busy with Sunny.

"Although prostitution makes a lot of money, that's only for massive prostitution companies. In our current world, many people are entering prostitution for the sake of pleasure. Since awakened man and woman can't live together for a long time, they use prostitution for the sake of pleasure."

"Nowadays, many businessmen and women buy prostitutes for the sake of pleasure while they got drowned in two different lives. One life as a business person, another as an awakened person. So, prostitution does have a large market."

"But, seventy percent of this market is controlled by top prostitution companies. Since these companies provide prostitutes that can not only work at designated places but also at the designated time. And, they have a powerful reputation so, entering that circle might need a lot of investment."

"After all, you need to recruit thousands of prostitutes for this job." Sunny looked at him and explained the condition carefully. She felt grateful when he transferred her money so, she didn't want him to face loss.

"For the prostitution, you don't need to worry. I have fifty percent of the solution for this. As for the fifty percent, we can recruit the real prostitute. But I am surprised you know so much about it." Mike couldn't help but praise her intelligence.

She was truly a true prostitute.

"Hehe! That was my job. And, thanks for not spreading that news. After all, it has been my secret and only a few know about me. But, what do you mean by fifty percent are not real prostitutes? If you think of working with amateur, it would be a wrong move to start with a large number."

"Amateur needs a lot of time. Even myself, I took two years to learn the basics. And, even now I can only handle ordinary people and only a few Soldier Realm, cultivators." Sunny explained with a serious expression.

Hearing her words, Mike smirked. He puts his hand on her stomach and slides down. Sunny also felt it but didn't stop. They were near the barren house, so except Lucas, nobody was there. But when thought about it, she turned her head towards Lucas and found him looking in a different direction.

Mike reached out of her cave, and a red stick elongated from his finger and entered her cave.

"Hmmm!"

A hot moan sounded on his eardrums. He twitched his finger and rolled few times. His finger didn't enter her cave but with that red stick, she was feeling an immense pleasure.

"Oh my god! Mike, your finger is so soft." Drowned in pleasure, Sunny praised his fingering but didn't notice that it wasn't his finger. Finally, Mike took out his finger and said "But is it really a finger?"

He asked while showing the red stick stretching out from his finger. It was a part of Red Slime.

"What is this?" Sunny asked him with surprise on her face.

"This is a perfect pussy pleasuring dildo." Mike slowly stood up and spoke with a mysterious smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"And, you are seriously one heck of a bad boy." Sunny gave him a speechless look as she tried to get up from his embrace. Then, she looked around for a moment finally asking "Can I stay with you guys?"

"Of course, but what about him?" Saying so, Mike pointed his finger at Brian and slowly got up.

"Are we really taking him with us?" Sunny felt a little helpless. Although Mike and Brian were friends, their friendship has already ended. But, seeing Mike care about him made her a little helpless.

"Do I look like a cold-blood person to you?" Mike asked while pointing the finger at himself.

"No!" Sunny shook her head and immediately denied.

"That's why I am going to give him a Health Potion but I am not going to take him home," Mike said as he walked towards Brian. At this moment, Brian was still unconscious. Mike bent down and took out a purplish yellow potion from the system space and pour it into his body.

At the same time, Sunny walked towards Lucas with a complicated expression. Lucas was sitting on a rock while looking at the ruined buildings while she walked closer without making him notice.

"Do you hate me?"

Bang!

When these words fell on his ears, Lucas lost his balance and fell to the ground. He was stunned by the voice. He turned around and said, "No, you did what any elder brother or sister would do."

"That is really a profound sentence to say." Sunny spoke while getting closer. She also sat down near him. There was a trace of sadness on her face as she spoke "Do you know? When I was thirteen, I noticed that you liked me. At that time, we were really small so, I couldn't return the feeling."

"Later, I was no longer a person that could return the feeling."

She gripped her hand as her eyes started turning red. Her nails pinched her skin but tears didn't come out. Suddenly, Lucas stood up and said while looking away "Until yesterday, I never really recognize what it takes to be an elder brother/ elder sister."

"After elder sister became a cultivator, I thought our life will shine. We no longer have to strive to survive. Yeah, it happened. I got a new home, new life at school, new clothes, daily food, and almost everything that I wanted."

"But I never realized those things were coming under my sister's sacrifice for her cultivation. When I was small, I never realized what talent means. I thought my sister is cultivating very fast. But, when I saw my brother's breakthrough and their joy, I thought I missed something."

"A-Rank Talent! Six years, after six years, my sister is only a general. She was supposed to be a genius but she was treated like an average in the academy. I thought we were living a happy life but it turns out only I was living the life that I wanted. And, my sister was making that life for me."

"I never realized how much she has sacrificed for me and my brother. Then, I looked back and saw thought about you. Just like my sister, you did everything you could do for your siblings. You were the reason they survived. You sold yourself. I thought you were a slut."

"But I was wrong. You never were. Because you had a weight that you needed to carry. I thought I could hate you for breaking my heart. But can I?"

Hearing his words, a line of tears slides down her cheeks. She wanted to cry but she had enough of crying. She cried at her kitchen, bed, toilet, prostitute, and school, everywhere she went. She didn't want to cry more.

"D—Do you still love me?"

"No!" Hearing her words, Lucas shook his head with a heart-wrenching pain and denied. A single word broke two hearts. Both couldn't speak for a long time. Until Mike arrived and saw them in a strange environment.

"Hey, so you two didn't get together, did you?"

"No!" Hearing his question, both of them shouted at the same time.

"That's good. We need to let go of our past and make the great future doing something awesome in present." Mike nodded his head and spoke with a profound tone. Hearing his words, both of them rolled their eyes. And, Lucas asked, "What were you two discussing?"

But Mike completely ignored him and looked at Sunny, asking her "Do you think you would need a male manager?"

"Puff!" Sunny instantly laughed while turning her head at Lucas. She slowly walked towards him making Lucas tremble a little. Her hand moved to shove its way to his lower part. She didn't move inside and slightly pressed it from outside, asking "If you ever need someone to break your virginity, remember to call me first."

Lucas blushed after hearing her words. He hurriedly walked slapped her hand and retreated few steps. Sunny looked at his blushing face and giggled. Finally, she looked at Mike and shook her head saying "I don't need a male manager. I have some contacts. I can manage it on my own if you can provide me enough funds."

"Hehe! That's good to hear. For the fund, I can give as much as you want for now. Because I would need a lot for the future." Mike gave her a thumbs up and spoke with a burst of laughter.

"What are you guys talking about?" Lucas was very confused since he didn't hear them. He didn't know what he was missing.

"Only if you ever break his virginity, you can tell him." Mike pointed his finger at Lucas while looking at Sunny and instructing her.

She nods her head with a mischievous smile and the three of them moved towards the supermarket.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

"Mike, what's that sound?" Lucas heard heavy footsteps and asked Mike with seriousness on his face. They had only moved a few hundred meters. And, he didn't want to face a horde of monsters right now.

"Mike, what did you do? Why is the horde of monsters rushing towards Brian?" Sunny screamed as she saw the horde of monsters rushing towards the ruined house. These monsters were the same as that baseball gloves-faced monster.

"Of course, I am gathering the monsters at one place. Do you think we could walk out of here after killing one of their members?" Mike didn't even bother looking at her as he spoke.

"I didn't expect you to be so cold-blooded." Sunny gasped as she saw the horde of monsters getting bigger and bigger as more monsters were attracted towards the house.

"Who are you calling ruthless? I just saved your life. And because I have brought Lucas with me, I also needed to save his life. You are calling me ruthless when I could literally run away after learning about the horde of monsters that was rushing towards us."

"More importantly, we are not going back right now. We are searching for food. This war will go on for two weeks or more. And, we need supplies. I cleared the road for us because certain someone is a first rank soldier." Mike glared at Sunny and yelled. There was a hint of anger in his eyes when he spoke.

"Okay, okay, you did everything correct. You are saving us from a battle against the monster. You are not a cold-blooded person, okay." Sunny felt helpless not understanding why he got so serious all of a sudden.

"You know, it hurts my heart when someone calls me cold-blooded. Only I know how much of a caring and lovable person I am." Mike whispered with a trace of depression in his eyes. He sighed while looking at the purplish dark sky.

"Fuck you!" Hearing his words, Lucas's face twitched. He lifted his middle finger and cursed him while running.

"But, I don't understand one thing. Why would you need to gather such a large horde of monsters in one place? Although they have numbers, you and I aren't weak. Especially against these monsters. You could have easily protected Sunny while I could clear the path." After cursing him, Lucas instantly asked with confusion on his face.

He knows Mike was the reason why Brian couldn't move. But he didn't understand. Did he plan all this or it was simply a coincidence? Mike made his move without telling him anything. At first, he thought Mike was randomly doing this.

"Those monsters are known as Genderless Monsters. They neither possess dick nor vagina. They are just a ball of energy. These monsters are used for mass slaughter. Because these monsters are just a bunch of energies. Once they die, they return back to Hell."

"Since the energy can't be killed, they can be used again after few months of rest. In other words, they are almost immortal. But they are made in such a way that they attack weak. If three of us were to face them, they would only attack Sunny and try to kill her before moving to the next target."

"Since we couldn't let Sunny die, I mixed Nether Energy with Health Potion. If you have a proper technique, you can collect the Nether Energy from these monsters after killing them. These monsters are highly attracted towards Nether Energy, especially a Nether Energy that is merged with the human aura."

"In short, I exchanged a life of the person that is not important to me with the life of a person that is important to me."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"But, how did you know about them? And, how can you absorb the energy from them?" Lucas looked at him with suspicion and asked. Knowing about them is one thing, absorbing energy is completely different.

"Isn't this a basic knowledge? If you have two years of free time like me, even you would learn one or two things about the monsters. As for the energy part, it is also basic knowledge. If you try to absorb the energy, what would you do?" Mike rolled his eyes and answered him.

"You suck it." Lucas ignored his reaction and thought for a while before answering.

"Yep, I used my skill to suck the energy near me. Then, I store it inside the jar. It was hard and most of the energy naturally escaped." It was a half-truth and half lie. He did use the Meteor Fist to suck the energy with the help of gravitational attraction.

But he couldn't store it inside the jar. He asked for the system's help to store the energy inside the system space. Since the energy was very close, the system didn't charge any system points.

As for the information about the monsters, he wasn't telling the truth. He learned it from the system. He was not a bookworm type of person so it was naturally impossible for him to learn it anyway.

Lucas didn't continue to ask further because he didn't believe in his answers. But since Mike didn't tell him, he couldn't ask. Sunny was listening to their conversation with doubts. She couldn't tell whether Mike was lying or not.

After all, Lucas knew Mike doesn't read books very much but she didn't. They ran for five minutes until they reached the tall building. It was one of the supermarkets in their area. Mike looked at them and spoke "Lucas, you will go alone while Sunny will go with me."

"If you feel the presence of the monster, instantly run away while calling me. Also, turn on your GPS. Search for food, guns, and any other weapons. Take everything you see and don't worry about the size."

Lucas nods his head and rushed towards the upper floor on the right side. As for Mike, he caught Sunny's hand and rushed towards the left side. He didn't dare to run very fast, but still faster than Sunny. Both of them reached in front of the food store.

"You take the cart and put every edible frozen food in it. I will search the nearby stores." Saying so, he entered the store next to it. He didn't dare to leave Sunny far. The store that he entered had clothes.

He searched for several clothes that could be used during this war. He selected them for everyone. While he finished his shopping, Sunny was still busy. He instantly ran towards the next store which was also a food store.

He emptied every frozen food and finally Sunny came out. He puts everything inside the system space. He was wearing a ring that seems like a dimensional ring but it wasn't. It was creating the effect so that others won't doubt him.

"Is that the dimensional ring?" Sunny was a little knowledgeable about the dimensional ring unlike him. When she saw the ring sucking in those supplies, she got curious.

"You knew?" But her knowledge surprised him. Because even he didn't know about the dimensional ring. If it wasn't for his knowledge of the novels and comics, he would be completely clueless.

"A-huh! A few months ago, one teenager hired me for three days. He had a little different ring but he was able to take out the money and other items from it. I got curious and asked him. He didn't say too much about it, only revealing the name and its function." Sunny nodded her head and explained him.

"You sure are amazing. By the way, what is the level of cultivation that you can hold during sex?" Mike gave her a thumbs up and asked.

"I can't hold anyone who is higher than rank fourth. If he is, he must suppress his strength to that limit. Normally, it doesn't happen. But there was one time when a seventh-ranked soldier fucked me. He had to suppress his cultivation to the first rank thought." Sunny stuck her lips out at his praise and answered him.

"Hearing your words, I am having an urge to fuck you right now. But I don't have any strength suppressing device." Mike walked closer to her and caught her by her waist. He looked at her sexy red lips and stuck his lips on them.

"Hmmm!"

Slowly, he melted his lips on her while she pushed her tongue on him. She played her tongue a few times, rolling it around, binding his tongue, and playing with it. She was really professional at this.

"Ahem!"

Suddenly, a cough separated them. Both of them turned their head and found Lucas was waiting there with two carts in his hand. One was full of frozen packet food, while the other was full of guns.

"Are you really not satisfied with two girls?" Lucas helplessly looked at him and asked. He wanted to say 'Jenny and my sister' but he felt it was very shameful.

"Listen and remember this well; underwear and ladies, the more you change, the fresher you will be." Mike gave him a straight look and answered. He walked towards the cart full of guns and picked a rifle.

"Government is really helping us. Normally, AZ-24 shouldn't be sold on the market like this but the government must have left them for us." It was a long rifle with an auto-refilling system. More importantly, its bullets contain metal energy.

Unlike normal metal, the metal energy is produced by those who have awakened Metal Innate Ability. This ability allows them to produce energy that can significantly boost the power of any metal it touches.

Normally, this is a weapon for soldiers. And the bullet is very precious because it is made in a way that it can hold metal energy for a long time without leaking it. When it's fired, the metal energy is triggered to merge with the bullet. Upon merging, its piercing ability increases by several times.

"Oh! We even have Star Explosion Grenade. These must be E-Rank grenades. It will be a huge help against massive hordes of monsters." Mike puts the AZ-24 back to the cart and found a small fist-sized purple grenade.

Star Exploding Grenades are created based on the Fire Energy of the cultivator. It has high explosive power than many other normal grenades. It is very much effective against the cultivator. It is divided from E-Rank to S-Rank just like other skills and weapons for the cultivator.

After checking those weapons, he instantly put everything inside the system space. Then, he turned around and said "We have gathered food, clothes, and weapons. We don't need anything else. But we need to kill those monsters in order to earn points."

"I am sure you know about the point system since it has been made the announcement to the public a few years ago. Hunter Guild that serves under Revolution has a variety of resources that we could use. Only enough points can buy them, so we must kill those monsters."

"But first, let's return back. It's already evening, so we must hurry."

Hearing his words, both of them nodded their head and ran towards the door. But suddenly, their movement froze when they noticed few people standing near the door. It was a group of youths. There were seven males and four females.

All of them seem very much tired. They were resting on the door. When Mike and others arrived there, one of them noticed and shouted "Who?"

"Easy, easy, we are also human, you know." Mike raised his hand and answered. Lucas and Sunny followed him and walked towards them.

"Who are you? When did you arrive here?" The youth was a little afraid. He was wearing a yellow full sleeve t-shirt and jeans. Most of them were wearing full-sleeved clothes. Everyone was in jeans too. Suddenly, this made Mike glance at Sunny.

Because she was wearing very short clothes during this time. But he didn't ask her anything. Instead, he looked at them and spoke while putting on a smile "We arrived a few minutes earlier than you. But don't worry, we have no intention of making this as our base."

"If you don't mind, we would like to leave."

Saying so, Mike and others passed by him. When they got out of the door, the youth in yellow t-shirt shouted "Stop!"

Mike frowned hearing his word but still turned back. The youth in a yellow t-shirt slowly sat on the foundation near the door and said "Don't go towards north, there are lots of zombies."

Hearing his words, Mike smiled and nodded his head. But before turning around, he looked at them and said "There should be enough food and weapon for now. There aren't many monsters here. But, still, hide your aura as much as you can."

Saying so, he turned around and ran towards his home with Lucas and Sunny.

"Alan, do you think they have taken food and weapons?" A youth in a green t-shirt frowned and asked after seeing them leave.

"Yes, otherwise they wouldn't leave this place."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"We are home." Mike opened the door of his house and announced his presence. After a minute, Jenny and Luke walked out.

Luke was staying in the guest room while Jenny was in his room. It took her longer but when she arrived, her gaze instantly fell on Sunny.

Although she didn't sense any rivalry from Sunny, she felt an extremely dangerous instinct from her. It was as if Sunny could steal Mike under her nose.

'Wait a minute, why am I suspicious about her? Mike is a complete scum, no an impure scum.'

Mike also noticed her gaze but he was startled. He didn't see even a bit of killing intent in her eyes.

Normally, she should be fired seeing a girl in her house.

'Don't tell me she has forgotten her women's instinct. .... Maybe not. Maybe she has simply accepted that I am a complete scum.'

'Doesn't that mean the lines I prepared for her would be useless? No, I can use it in another situation. For now, I should note that line and use it whenever necessary.'

'After all, even monkeys can get bored after eating bananas only. I hope none of my partners will be Ape-like.'

Dang! Dang! Bang!

Without speaking further, he took out the weapons and food from his system space.

"Wow, you really brought a lot." Seeing the quantity of the food and weapon, Jenny's eyes lit up as she praised them.

"Of course, we would need these. For the first week, we will use these weapons as much as we can. Finally, starting the final week, we will use our own strength." Mike made a proud look as he spoke.

"But for now, let's eat." Jenny interrupted his prideful pose as she took food in her spatial ring and walked away.

"Wow! Did you cook the meal by yourself?" Mike's eyes lit up as he followed her inside the kitchen.

Luke looked at Sunny and spoke "You should clean yourself first. There is a bathroom in the right corner. You can use it. Our room is next to it. Your room is on the right side of the bathroom while ours is on the left."

"I didn't know Mike would invite anyone, so the room isn't clean enough. We can do the cleaning later. After you bathe and change your clothes, go to the kitchen! We will be waiting."

Sunny was a little startled by his words but still nodded her head. She walked towards the bathroom. She picked few clothes which were brought from the mall.

While she leaves, Lucas was standing waiting for his brother's instructions. Luke also understood his gaze and said "Help with these weapons!"

Saying so, he picked the boxes of bombs and walked away. Lucas also went to help him.

"So, what did you cook?" Mike rushed towards the food kept in few utensils.

"Wow! Chicken pasta!"

"Amazing! You even prepared dumplings."

"And, what's with this amazing smell? Is this curry you made?"

"You even friend chicken nuggets and prepared a salad."

"Cucumber, carrot, and radish for salad. Your choices are indeed amazing."

"Alright, alright, you can stop praising the food and freshen yourself." Hearing his praises, a sweetness exploded in her heart but she still showed a cold look as she pushed him away. Mike helplessly went upstairs and freshen himself inside the bathroom.

While inside, he didn't forget to knock out his little brother twice, finally completing the quests. Daily Quests must be completed. But he can also do it in different circumstances. Such as, he can complete spirinting tasks while running in the jungle.

That's what he did previously. But he also found a trick. He does use his full speed but doesn't use ability energy. With that, his speed was normal to others but he was still moving at his full body without ability energy.

It took them ten minutes in food, but surprisingly, Mike didn't allow them to plan anything. First, he felt everyone was a little tired due to several circumstances especially Sunny, Luke, Jenny, and himself. Luke and Jenny fought all day to safeguard the surrounding.

Unlike Mike, they didn't fight genderless monsters rather they fought creepy cockroach monsters. And, there was another reason. This reason also made him kick Jenny out of his room. Because he wanted a complete silence in his room.

After food, he entered his room and grabbed the computer. He opened the hunter's website and exchanged dollars for bronze coins. During his time inside the game, the system told him something very unique and important information.

After he exchanged one billion dollars into bronze coins giving him ten million bronze coins. In an instant, ten million digital bronze coins were stored in his inventory. He directly entered the game. To use the Yin-Yang Harmony System, he must contact everything by himself.

After teleporting inside the game, he found it was the nighttime. He didn't think too much and transform bronze coins into system points. In an instant, he got a million system points. He giggled and instantly logged out.

Without thinking even for a moment, he sat down. He instantly realized he shouldn't use gold or silver coins for earning system points. Otherwise, it would be a use problem. Because hundred dollars is equal to a bronze coin but it needs thousand dollars for silver coins and ten thousand dollars for gold coins.

Here, people wouldn't use dollars to buy coins instead, it would be another way around. That's why there is no difference between buying and selling. One silver coin would be equal to a thousand bronze coins and one gold coin would be equal to a million bronze coins.

A million bronze coins would be ten thousand dollars that means it's the same. But for Mike, it makes a huge difference. Because Mike needs system points. For system points, he can use dollars to buy bronze coins and use bronze coins to buy system points.

For him, the only difference is whether he uses coins earned in the game or exchanges dollars. Bronze coins would be better for the former option but for later, it doesn't matter. No matter what, he was extremely happy on receiving one million system points.

He instantly clicked the store and bought his four important treasures. Then, he looked at the next treasure which was also the suggestion from the system. He clicked on the divine abilities. After scrolling for a while, he finally came across the treasure.

"God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence

Rank- Determined by the User

Description- Under heaven, there was a man who slaughters billions with his fist. Broke the void, smash ten thousand swords, three thousand daos fell and one fist became overlord. One Fist Breaks Heaven and Earth.

Stages- 9-Stages

Costs- 500000 System Points (For 1st Stage)"

"What the hell? Isn't this price ridiculous? Yeah, I understand this divine ability can allow a person to break heaven and earth. But if heaven and earth are broken, where can you live? Do you have any consideration for your actions?"

"I mean, it really matches me but there is still a limit to making such an overbearing price. And, what do you mean by 'for 1st stage'? Wouldn't it cost more for the latter stages? Not to mention, it doesn't even have the rank." Seeing the price of the divine ability, he instantly quarreled with the system.

Unfortunately, it was useless. The system didn't decrease the price. And, he quickly found that it was really suitable for him. After all, his main fighting style is hand-to-hand combat.

"Host, this divine ability is very much compatible for you. It can help you use the power of other elements during your hand-to-hand combat. That means it has the ability to merge other innate abilities into your brute force."

"Of course, there are limits. It has nine stages so it can only merge nine different innate abilities. And, you need higher stages for merging more. If you want to merge two, you need a second stage. If you want to merge with third innate ability, you need the third stage."

This made Mike fall into deep thinking. He was wondering whether it would be a correct decision or not. But finally, he shook his head and muttered "What the hell am I thinking? Just because I'm human doesn't mean I should bargain at every single point. It's not like I can say, I will buy this ability from your system store and walk into another."

"Somethings are forced, I can't do anything even though this is my own system. Anyway, I am rich now. I don't need to think too much over this detail. I have spent one billion here and five billion for dark energy crystals."

"I don't know whether Liora can deliver me those dark energy crystals. But I hope Hunter Guild would be able to do it. At least, they have Revolution."

"Alright, Clarie buy the God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence Divine Ability!" With his command, five hundred thousand plus eighty thousand system points got deducted. But suddenly, he made a weird expression and asked.

"By the way Claire, why don't you use some sexy or mature or even cute voice? This cold voice of yours always stings on my brain."

That voice almost made him forget that his system has female A.I.

"If you can't even defeat your alter-ego, you aren't worthy to hear my real voice."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What do you mean by defeating alter-ego? For your information, I was never under the control of my alter-ego." While Mike frowned and answered her, he suddenly remembered something.

"Wait a minute, you have a bug. Yahoo, my system is a real system. It had a bug." He jumped up on his legs and spread his arms up in the air.

"...…." Hearing his words, Claire was speechless.

She doesn't know what kind of person would be happy when his computer gets attack by a bug.

"Hehe! Claire, you must have a lottery, right? Let's spin the lottery." While commanding Claire, he had a different thought in his mind 'I know dozens of ways to trick a system. A system having a bug means it can be hacked.'

"Sorry to break your illusion, host! But Yin-Yang Harmony System doesn't have any lottery. And, it doesn't have a bug either." Claire's cold voice rang on his mind making his happiness down.

"Then, why did you say I must defeat my alter-ego if I want to hear your real voice? For your information, I figured out what was triggering my vast change in personality. This is not my alter-ego, it's called adapting to the situation."

"Just think for a while! Do you think a man without a desire to slam a beautiful actress in bed wearing sexy lingerie is a man? Do you think a man who doesn't want his own harem is a man? Harem is not bad. Society is jealous of those who can have dozens of beautiful ladies while they are sucking the tits of a single woman."

"Every man wants to have his own harem but he doesn't have two things that are the most important factor of the harem. If you don't have even one of these, then you are not worthy of having a harem. Either you must have a proper romance experience or you must have a big cock."

"If you lack even one of these, you aren't worthy to have a harem. Because harem shouldn't be forced. Either they must surrender to your romance or they must surrender to your big cock. I don't have experience in romance but I have my little dragon."

"This little dragon is worthy enough to spread the legs of Heavenly Maidens and Supreme Fairies making them surrender. Do you think I am oppressed by my alter-ego when you don't even know the meaning of alter-ego? I am not oppressed by anything. Instead, I am now free."

"In my previous world, nobody could let their imagination come true. If you want to make fun of someone, you must either have a contract for a comedy show or you must have a very good friend. But here, I can make fun of anyone."

"I can call a fat boy 'pig' but he wouldn't dare to get angry. Because here, if I show my strength. He has no choice but to respect me instead. This is a world ruled by strength and that is transforming me, letting my wildest imagination go wild."

"You think, I am controlled by my desires. You think I am suppressed by my alter-ego. You are wrong. I am being what I truly am like a man being a true man. I am no longer bound by rules so I am letting go of everything. I am using a cock that can increase two inches within a week to slam the pussies of top beauties in the world."

Hearing his speech, Claire didn't know how to reply. She was stuck while Mike was releasing his proud aura. But suddenly, Claire poured cold water into his head.

"Host's penis will only increase by another two inches for next week. After that, it will remain thirteen inches long."

"Why do you have to tell me that? Of course, I don't want my cock to improve infinitely. I want to spread their legs, not tears their pussies. And, once I learn other techniques, size won't matter too much." Mike shook his head and returned back to his position.

Hearing his words, the system turned silent. While sitting in a lotus position, Mike closed his eyes and tried to feel the God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence Divine Ability. This ability was already imprinted in his mind.

When he moved his thoughts, a golden luster of air revolved around his skin. It was coming out of his pores, transforming his skin into gold. But soon, he found the gold wasn't the end. It was slowly transforming red, like magma.

It was fire energy replacing golden essence. Turning red like magma, a burning hot temperature spread throughout the room. Without waiting for the fire to spread out, Mike shouted "Cook, activate Virtual Pocket Training Space!"

On each top edge of the wall, there was something like a CCTV camera set. But it wasn't a CCTV camera set rather a virtual space creator. With his commands, it released blue light and created a 20* 20-meter room. It wasn't his virtual space creator rather Jenny gifted him this morning.

After entering the blue space that looked more like a virtual space created by a program, he took out few stones. These stones were red in color and had the size of a fist. Each stone cost fifty thousand dollars. Yes, they are Enlightenment God Stone.

He instantly crushed all ten Enlightenment God Stones releasing a red aura around him. The moment, he closed his eyes he fell into a deep enlightenment state. Crushing ten doesn't make his enlightenment ten times better rather it would allow him to enter that state for ten hours.

Each stone could let a person enter enlightenment for an hour. In his deep enlightenment, he started combining his fire energy with the golden essence. This golden essence was the God Slaughtering Essence filled with intense killing intent.

But with the help system imprinting the technique into his mind directly, he doesn't need to worry about the killing intent. It will exist but it will not try to test him. Because the system is overbearing. But he still needs to merge fire energy with golden essence.

This is kind of a tough part because merging two different energies needs extreme pressure and temperature according to science while extreme control according to cultivation. Since this is the world ruled by strength, he must follow the latter path.

That doesn't mean he doesn't need pressure. He needs to pressurize those energies with precise control to merge them together. He starts with heating the golden essence with fire. Slowly it started burning because he was only controlling his fire.

Burned golden essence only had essence left and that essence was almost invisible. Slowly, he wrapped the essence with fire energy, allowing fire energy to enter inside the essence. It took a long time. He needed to do that because he was adjusting fire with the golden essence.

He needed to pressurize the fire energy with precise control to merge with the invisible essence.

The fire was just one of the elements that need to be adjusted with golden essence. There are eight more elements left. That's why he weaken the golden essence and precisely adjusted the fire energy in it with the help of the powerful pressure of his Will. After that golden essence was adjusted, it turned red.

This red was different from than previous red. It was more scarlet in color. While he formed this scarlet essence, he didn't forget to combine it with his cores. Now comes the tricky part. Now, he had to completely exchange the brute force with scarlet essence.

But before doing that, he must merge scarlet essence into brute force. Because brute force is the main component of Mike's path. His brute force is his inborn innate ability. But this is also easier than the previous part.

Here, he needs to let his brute force devour this scarlet essence. But to devour this scarlet essence, he must practice Divine Ability to the perfection. This is why it was easier than the previous part. Because of the system, this divine ability has already been engraved in his mind just like the Sex Aura.

He just needs to control it. After activating the Divine Ability, he controlled his brute force and accessed the mysterious power granted by the Divine Ability to devour the scarlet essence. Surprisingly, the scarlet essence didn't fight back as if it had whole heartily accepted brute force.

After all, brute force has a single meaning. If something stops you, break it. Unlike other elements or innate abilities, it is much more straightforward and brute. He must punch or kick or slam his head. Normally, punches are used often than kicks or head, so this divine ability easily accepted it.

After completing this process, Mike didn't stop. He doesn't know how much time has passed. But he must use this opportunity to strengthen himself. Since he succeeds in merging fire with brute force, he wanted to create an advanced skill for it.

But unlike other skills, he wants to create a set. It's like Jenny's 'Dark Phantom Sword'. That move consists of more than three strikes. And so, it is called Skill Set. That's exactly what he wanted to do.

'Since my fighting styles are heavily influenced on punches and kicks, let's create a body skill set that combines both fire and brute force. As for its name, let's call it 'Fire Demon-Fighting Four Directions'."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Fire Demon-Fighting Four Directions- Eastern Rolling Fire Punch"

Mike stood in the middle of the blue space like a paragon, erupting flames out of his fist. He took a deep breath and got into a position. His legs were bent with his left-hand positioning for defense and right-hand positioning for punch.

He stretches his arm back in the same position and punches straight. While punching forward, he rotates his hand making his fire move in a spiral. Thus, the flames condensed into a powerful punch spun like a cylinder before reaching few meters away.

Bang!

But the blast of the punch made a powerful impact rather than an explosion. The flames didn't explode instead created a wave that trembled the blue space. In an instant, red warming flashed in front of him.

"Please exit! The power limit of the Virtual Space has been breached."

"Please exit! The power limit of the Virtual Space has been breached."

"Please exit! The power limit of the Virtual Space has been breached."

Seeing this warning, his eyes almost popped out. Before he could say anything, he was forcefully pushed out of the Virtual Space. After coming out, he released a deep breath and muttered "Jenny said, this thing can't bear the power of anyone above the seventh rank. Does this mean my attack surpassed seventh rank soldier?"

"Originally, only my brute strength was able to surpass such strength. But now, it has greater power. Not to mention, I only used half of my strength on that attack. So, I can basically fight against Luke now."

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Fifth Rank (Fifth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Scarlet Brute Force- +20STR (C-Rank)

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-4)

STR: 237 (Divine Sun Body +20)

AGI: 186

INT: 197

STM: 175

DEF: 233 (Divine Sun Body +20)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+250 STR), SuperSpeed (+250 AGI), Super Endurance (+250 DEF)

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike, Howling Tiger Spear Art, Ultra-Sonic Punch, and Fire Demon-Fighting Four Direction

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green, Liora Miller

Stats Points: 0

System Points: 320000

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 50 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1 and Beast Taming Gas, Guild Creation/Joining Token.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"I guess, I can only use the dark energy crystals to further evolve my innate ability. Fortunately, the hunter guild can still deliver the dark energy crystals during this time. I guess it would be delivered this morning."

"Although I am rich, I should save money. I spent five billion on dark energy crystals already. Hopefully, they can be affected. And, I didn't expect an A-Rank skill would awaken a special ability. But it still consumed DAMN Hundred Thousand System Points. " Mike muttered with rage while standing on the ground. But suddenly, his eyes fell on the digital clock.

"Shit! It's already 10 AM." Mike hurriedly rushed towards the bathroom and finished his morning routine. After taking a short bath, he wears a loose tracks and a full-sleeved t-shirt. He walked down the stairs and saw Luke, Lucas, Jenny, and Sunny waiting down while talking with each other.

"Sorry, I got busy with something that I forgot the time." Mike hurriedly apologize without giving them a chance to speak. He walked towards the couch and sat on it. In front of, there were dozens of weapons.

"Since you are here, let's talk about our plan. Do you have any suitable idea in your lustful brain?" Jenny saw him sitting on the couch and spoke with a cold look. She still remembers how he kicked her out of the room.

"Of course, I have a brain. Although I spent fifty percent of my brainpower on women, that doesn't mean I am not smart. At least, I have a plan for our current situation." Mike naturally doesn't care about her ridicule. He simply replied with a brilliant smile on his face.

"Oh! Let's hear it out then." Jenny was surprised by his confidence and curiously asked.

"It's very simple. We will bait our opponent." Saying so, his gaze fell on Sunny as he continued "I will go out and hunt a genderless monster. After extracting his Nether Energy, we will use cover Sunny with the Nether Energy. With her weak strength and Nether Energy, hundreds of monsters will be attracted."

"First, we will use bombs like a trap to kill those monsters. After that, we will start using guns. We will cover ourselves with Anti-Aura Spray and hide near her. As long as they don't sense us, we can slaughter them easily. Although I will also participate, my top priority would be Sunny's safety."

"This will be our first-week plan. As for the second weak, we will start hunting other monsters moving away from the house. We could hide this house with Illusionary Space Program."

"Are you sure? The Illusionary Space Program might cost twenty million. That's a lot for a simple house like this. After all, the government will pay for your losses. So, you don't need to worry too much." Jenny narrowed her eyes when he spoke about Illusionary Space Program.

It was software that could create a virtual space around the house, turning it into a pure illusion. Any monster before D-Rank can't damage this space. That means this space will be safe as long as the Top Level E-Rank Monsters doesn't attack the house.

"You don't understand. This house has survived seven wars like these without falling down. It has a lot of memories from my childhood. I can't let a monster destroy it. I don't know-how but in every war, our house hasn't been damaged. But this time, I am taking lots of risks so I can't take a bet in this situation." Mike shook his head and answered.

Hearing his words, Luke and Lucas turned their head down. Seven years, for seven years, they have spent lots of time in this house. Not just for seven years, they have spent a lot even before that. It is said when you share most of your life's moments with something, you will start falling in love with it even if it is an inanimate object.

Mobile phones, computers, games, movies, houses, old bikes, everything like these hold a special place in a man's heart. Mike has spent years playing games on the computer, singing in the bathroom, playing in the living room, and sleeping in his bedroom.

Everything about this household has a great place in his heart. Although Luke and Lucas understood his pain, Jenny was still skeptical about it. She murmured in a low voice "It's still a great loss."

Twenty Million was really a lot especially for a family like Tyson. She still thinks Mike is wasting the money that she gave.

"Don't worry, I have earned enough for now. I just want to use it." Mike shook his head and bitterly replied with a smile.

Ding! Dong!

"Look, I already used it." Mike spoke while walking towards the door. He opened the door and saw a drone hovering in the air. Suddenly, a mechanical claw came down of it with a ring on it. A special charge follows into the ring, and his items appeared inside cardboard.

"It still gives a good feeling." Looking at cardboard, Mike smirked. He thought these people would have stopped cover things in cardboard. But it turns out, the government has still maintained many old fashions.

"Sir, please sign on this!" Another mechanical arm stretched out of its body holding a small black tablet with a pen. There was a white screen where he signed. After signing, it asked for his thumbprint and finally for his retina.

Unlike other deliveries, this delivery was a massive delivery. It was a five billion dollar transaction. It needed many verifications. And, nobody dares to cheat here. Because the drone alone has the ability to kill anyone within Soldier Realm with a single beam of energy.

"Thanks for using our service! Hope we make another transaction soon!" With these words from its speaker, the drone flew away. It was completely controlled by an A.I. But that voice belongs to a female human.

Mike didn't open it immediately. He lifted it and went back to the house.

"What's inside the box?" Jenny was curious when she found so many verifications done by the drone. As a member of the Flora family that owns Revolution which owns Hunter Guild, she has seen these kinds of verifications only for a big transaction.

"Dark Energy Crystals!" Mike puts down the box that was nearly the size of a table and spoke. He wasn't even looking at Jenny as he started opening the box.

"What? Where did you get so much money?" Jenny was stunned after hearing his answer. She frowned and asked fearing if Mike has done something illegal.

"Duh! I earned it of course. Although my method was a little trick, it was a hard work nonetheless." Mike replied as he opened the box. After opening the box, he stood up and continued while looking at Jenny "After all, crossing Hell-Level Difficulty is not a small matter."

"What? Hell-Level?" Jenny who had a better understanding of Hell-Level shouted in shock followed by Luke. As for Lucas and Sunny, they stood there with a confused look.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You really went all out. Huh!" Looking at the box filled with dark energy crystals, she shook her head and found Mike was one hell of a prodigal. Of course, it wasn't exactly wasted but nevertheless using five billion directly on dark energy crystals is still wasteful.

"By the way, how exactly did you cross the Hell-Level Difficulty?" Jenny frowned and asked Mike while he was busy storing those dark energy crystals in his space storage.

"It was certainly hard. But, while my cultivation was the third rank, my fighting power was equal to that of the sixth rank with A-Rank Innate Ability. The boss of the dungeon in Hell-Difficulty was a slime that can absorb elements, impact, copy weapons, and have the indestructible body."

"It would really require three S-Rank as their power would surpass the limits of the slime. But, I was more capable than three slimes combined. With powerful knuckles, I was able to shred that slime into pieces." Mike started sharing his dark energy crystals with Luke, Lucas, and Sunny, giving those few while explaining Jenny.

"So, you used your brute strength to shred them into pieces. After that, when their strength weakens to a very low level, you used your fire element to burn them?" Jenny thought for a while and spoke with a questioning tone.

"What? You also have the fire element?" Luke, Lucas, and Sunny were stunned after hearing her words. Their jaws fell down as they asked to confirm. Fighting sixth rank when you are in the third rank is already unachievable in their eyes, but having double innate ability was even more stunning.

"Yeah, or why do you think I would be confident enough to challenge Hell-Level Difficult?" While answering them, Mike lit his index finger in the fire and show off a little. After that, he emptied the entire box, keeping each dark energy crystal in his system storage.

"Wait a minute, what about me? Why aren't you giving me the dark energy crystals?" Jenny saw Mike walking away without giving any crystals to her, and shouted at him with rage.

"Hehe! I was just kidding. First, let's earn some points and then use these crystals." Without hesitation, he turned back and laughed while giving few dark energy crystals to her. He didn't give her a lot because her family should have the entire mine of dark energy crystal.

"Hey, shouldn't you give a bit more to your girlfriend? Don't you have any love and affection towards me? Did you forget me after finding another one? How can you be so heartless?" Jenny also covered her eyes in tears while looking at Mike.

"Hello! You are the daughter of the richest person in the world. Why are you eyeing in my small amount of dark energy crystals?" Mike walked near her and knocked at her forehead while yelling at her.

"Because you are my boyfriend. And, it's your job to take care of me. So, give me some!" Jenny extended her hand with open palm asking for crystals while looking at him with teary cute eyes.

"I guess, 'men and women are equal' slogan is a complete waste. Even though you have billions of dollars in your account, you just have to take mine." Although Mike gave her dark energy crystals, his heart was bleeding. This pain was bigger than when he gave dark energy crystals to others. After all, giving to someone poor and giving to someone rich is completely different.

Smooch!

"Thank you, dear!" Jenny laughed while she caught dozens of dark energy crystals and gave him a long smooch on his right cheeks. But Mike wasn't in the condition to be happy. He was planning deep down 'Just you wait, tonight I will take the complete pleasure worth of those dark energy crystals.'

"So, are we going to attack now?" Luke ignored their open romance and asked with a serious face.

"Yes, in the day we will earn points while in the night we will cultivate. Let's start the hunting!" Mike made a serious face while leaving the house. He was ready for his task. Knowing their plan, everyone scattered away.

Luke, Lucas, and Sunny walked to their room.

'I didn't expect Mike would be so rich. But what's with that woman? Mike clearly stated she was the daughter of the richest person. Although we don't have a list, rich people can have billions of dollars in their bank account. How can she ask for wealth so shamelessly?' Sunny was a little jealous of Jenny, so she kept cursing her in her mind.

But soon, she controlled her mind as she kept murmuring 'Sunny, don't get jealous. You don't have the right to be jealous. I should be satisfied with whatever I've earned. Each dark energy crystal costs nearly twenty million dollars. He gave me eight dark energy crystals costing over two hundred million dollars.'

'I should practice hard and do a better job. I can't waste this opportunity. I must get stronger. Even if I can't grab his heart, I must grab and hold his cock tight. Yes, I should get stronger to bear sex with him. Only then I can show my worth.'

Making her heart strong, she puts her dark energy crystals below the bed. She was only afraid of her talent. She had awakened D-Rank Illusion Tree Innate Ability. Inside her core, there was a tall tree that can release mysterious energy.

Using this mysterious energy, she can let a person fall into an illusion that she could create. Unfortunately, without Enlightenment God Stones, it's hard to create a skill. But, currently, she can use this power to satisfy the higher-level desire of a man.

She could push the boundaries of the ordinary way of sex taking it to the more advanced way of sex. Advance doesn't mean scientific, it just means giving much more pleasure to your partner.

Luke and Lucas POV

"Brother, with these you can reach the tenth rank of Soldier Realm, right?" While entering the room, Lucas excitedly clings to his brother while asking him with a curious look on his face. But seeing a boy clinging to another boy, Luke wanted to push him away.

"Yes, I can reach the tenth rank. But it will still take a week. Within a week, I can reach the tenth rank. I will strive to enter the eleventh rank before the war finishes. Only then, I would have a better chance to enter the General Realm within a month." Luke spoke with a serious expression on his face while gritting his teeth.

"Sister has worked very hard for us. We need to get stronger so share the burden. I thought I could help my sister after awakening. But I didn't realize my efforts were almost non-existent."

"Brother, you are wrong. From now on, we don't have many burdens. Yesterday, Mike paid for us. Not only he solved our debt but also gave sister a huge help to buy resources." Lucas shouted as he remembered Mike sending money from his phone.

Yesterday, Mike did send her a hundred million dollars. After all, she was one of the closest people to him after mom. As for who he loves more between Jenny and Lauren, it was a question that even god can't answer.

But why would a god be interested in his viewpoint?

God does not have that much time to waste, do they?

But sometimes, gods are so free they literally kill people from one world and resurrect them into another world.

"What? Is this true?" Luke immediately grabbed Lucas's shoulder and asked with a serious expression. There was a terrifying aura releasing out of him. His finger clenched upon Lucas's shoulder making him cry "Brother Pain, pain! It hurts!"

"Oh! Sorry about that! I got extremely curious. But, is it true?" Luke hurriedly let of his little brother's shoulder and apologized. But still didn't forget to ask.

"Yeah, he said since he was her husband. He should take care of her when he has the ability. Now that he was rich, he could help her." Lucas muttered with a low voice. He still hasn't accepted Mike as his brother-in-law especially seeing how much of scum he is.

"Achoo! Damn, who is scolding me?" Mike who was running on the ground suddenly sneezed and then muttered with a low voice. He lifted his head and his gaze fell upon five genderless monsters. Seeing this, an idiot came to his mind.

"Alright! Let's try my first special ability." With excitement overflowing in his face, he lifted his hand.

"Gravity Control- Pull"

Putong!

When he released the gravity control with full force, he instantly fell on his knees.

"...…" Mike

"What the fuck! Why does cultivation still follow scientific rules?" Mike got annoyed by the strong mass of his body. When the gravity increased, his body weight instantly shifted to the weight of a hundred tall buildings.

"Damn! Just the effect of Meteor Fist was good enough for me. Why is this gravity control so ridiculous?" Mike cursed while standing up. He found he had made a meter-long hole on the ground. His Gravity Control was deactivated the moment he fell.

"This time, let's be more cautious and release only ten percent of its effect."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gravity is a force. It needs a certain mass. Everything that has mass has gravity. If Mike wants to manipulate gravity, he must take care of two things. First, the mass that his body can bear. Second, his aim.

Gravity Control is a special ability, not an innate ability. So, he needs to gain better control over it. Unlike innate ability, the special ability doesn't adapt to his body. He needs to adapt to a special ability. While leaving the house, he asked his system to make a proper explanation for the techniques, arts, abilities, and other cultivation stuff.

So while taking a short break, he decided to read that explanation written by Claire. With his thoughts, a blue screen appeared in front of him.

Meditation Technique- It is a kind of cultivation technique but for meditation. Humans can't absorb the dark energy forcefully, at least most of the time. They need to free their mind and body from everything. They need to enter a state where their body can completely relax.

But most people can't do it. They need a proper technique that allows one's body to enter a meditation state. Doing so, their body will be able to absorb energy from the surrounding. Although his core can create a suction force around his body, the dark energy won't enter his body forcefully.

His Chaotic Path towards Harmony is meditation or rather a dual cultivation technique where he needs to completely relax his mind during sex. Only when he can overcome pleasure during sex, he will be able to absorb chaotic energy created by the yang energy released with each stroke that merges with the yin energy released by a woman.

Yin and Yang make chaos. That is the center point of the Chaotic Path towards Heaven. If he can't enter the meditative state during sex, he wouldn't be able to use the Chaotic Path towards Heaven to its full potential.

Innate Ability- It is a talent that a person possesses. It can be anything from elements to non-elements to weird objects, so anything can be an innate ability. Gravity Control is a special ability but it can't be his innate ability because it doesn't help him in cultivation.

Even fire element is not his innate ability. It belongs to a certain category that can also help in a person's growth.

Special Ability- It is an ability gained after comprehending a mystery. Generally, only A-Rank Skill holds these kinds of mysteries. And, due to the system, he was able to comprehend Gravity Control like talent but not an innate ability.

A person can easily control his innate ability whether he has ten years of experience or one year of experience. How he uses it might be different? But, he can still use it. Because innate ability adapts to his body. He doesn't need to adapt to his innate ability, unlike special ability.

Divine Ability- It is a profound skill that has no limits for growth. It is like an innate ability but related to the skill function. Divine Ability needs two major requirements; Source and Comprehension. Normally, a person who has awakened Fire Innate Ability will have a Fire Source.

Then, he will try to comprehend Fire related divine ability. But comprehension is still a problem. Not many people can comprehend Divine Ability. Comprehension needs enlightenment, only with a calm mind can one enter the enlightenment state.

Except for comprehension, it also needs a powerful source such as physique, bloodline, or S-Rank innate abilities.

Enlightenment state is like the Meditation state except, there is not a single method to written in the book to enter Enlightenment State. It needs talent and luck. Even though Enlightenment God Stone allows one to enter an enlightenment state, it doesn't simply reach such depth.

A person needs to comprehend the laws of nature. That is not something a simple enlightenment god stone can grant. It's pretty much impossible. This is something that separates skills from divine abilities.

Skill- Skills are simply a fighting style created based on their innate ability. A skill also needs source and comprehension but is very low compared to divine ability. This allows humanity to access the skill with the limited talent and resources they possess.

Martial Art- When a human cultivates, he transforms his normal cells into mutated cells. Mutated cells are the reason why higher rank human possesses a stronger body. The mutation is only possible with the help of dark energy.

But many people can have a hard time entering the meditative state due to the limitation of calmness. A person's mind can hardly reach complete calmness. So, humanity found a new way to absorb energy. Martial Arts allows a person to actively absorb the dark energy without falling into the meditative state.

But Martial Arts consumes a large amount of stamina hence it can't long last like meditation though it makes enough progress in a short time. Martial Arts allows a person to enter Single-Thought State. This state is just like a meditative state but instead of having no thoughts, here one thought remains constant on a person's mind.

That thought would be Martial Art. At the same time, he won't feel pain or exhaustion. But once his body stops supporting his Martial Art training, he must stop and take nutrient supplements. If he doesn't stop, he might risk his life.

Physique- A strange, mysterious and powerful body constitution that can help a person possess higher talent in certain aspects such as an affinity with dark energy or higher comprehension. A physique can be related to elements or non-elements. A person possessing a physique can have a high comprehension ability as long as it is a naturally inherited physique.

The Divine Sun Body has two major aspects for power. Immense physical strength and Fire Element.

Bloodline- Bloodline is the most mysterious power that a creature can have. Unlike Physique, bloodline is inherited from the ancestor who succeeds in reaching a powerful realm where he can condense blood essence that holds his cultivation talent and abilities.

'Claire, how powerful are the geniuses from the other races?' After he finished reading the book, a question appeared on his mind.

'Host, Lady Flora is several times stronger than you just by consuming a single drop of dragon blood. Then, just imagine how strong a real dragon can be? Not to mention, that is just a drop of blood of a true dragon. There are several powerful dragons among the dragon race that are stronger than true dragon from birth.'

'There is another race that can be known as talent in the universe. You also know them. They are Alkiwon Race. They have a strong body like a dragon while possessing immense affinity with elements. They are very powerful. If you were to face even one in the same realm, it would be hard to win.'

'There are many creatures that have comprehended divine abilities. Even with the help of the system, you can't show the full power of divine ability due to the lack of strength and source. Host, Claire suggests you focus more on improving each and every ability you have.'

'Try not to improve your rank rather focus on improving your talent.' Claire's voice rang in his mind. This time it was a little soft and cute.

'So, I am not a genius. Well, what can we do about it? Claire, I have a better idea. Would you like to listen?' Hearing her words, Mike fell into deep thought. After a moment, a silly smirk appeared on his face.

"...…" Claire who already knew his thoughts.

'If I can't be a genius and beat them in the same rank, I will reach higher. In those novels, elders use their power to smash the protagonist, so why can't I do it? Not to mention, I am still a junior. Hahaha! My plan is flawless.' Mike wildly smiled with a big arc on his lips.

'It is indeed flawless except some of the creatures are already B-Rank at your age.' Seeing his evil smile, Claire poured cold water into his plan.

'Hmm! Claire, do you think Sex Aura can affect Emperor Realm Women?' Hearing her words, his expression instantly fell but he still kept his composed posture and asked.

'Host, Chaotic Path towards Heaven doesn't work that way.' Claire screamed in his mind making him yell at her 'No matter how do you put it, a newly bought fan will give cool air than two years old fan no matter how much cleaner it is. The same thing goes for the realm.'

'Ahhh! That's doesn't make sense.' Claire exploded in his mind.

'Nothing does! Neither you make sense, nor do I make sense. Neither these power systems make sense, nor does this world makes any sense. I don't understand a shit about being a genius. I have you. I will use you. That's it for me. If there are geniuses in our path, we will crush them together whether it is by sheer strength or by cheating, it doesn't matter.'

'Because nothing really makes sense.'

"...….." Claire remained silent for a long time until she continued 'Host, I really want to get fucked up by you unfortunately, I can't condense a real body.'

Mike was surprised by her words. He smiled and said 'Then, how about doing imaginary sex?'

'That's not possible, right?' Claire's voice was a little humane and awkward.

'Why not? If online video call sex is possible in a long-distance relationship, why can't we do imaginary sex in a short distance relationship?' Mike chuckled and answered with a funny tone. Laughter almost burst out of his mouth but it was stopped by her next words.

'That's just masturbation in a long-distance relationship.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bang!

Mike lifted his hand. In an instant, the gravity control was activated. But this time, only a small hole was created below his legs. He opened his palm while facing a genderless monster on his right side. The gravitational force was released out of his palm.

The power of gravity instantly sucked the genderless monsters towards him. But suddenly, Mike's eyelids twitched and he screamed a fast jump "Jump!"

"Why the hell am I shouting? There is no one following me."

He deactivated the moment he clutched the genderless monster's neck. He pulled the monster up with him, dodging massive chunks of rocks and metals.

"Damn! This is disgusting." In the excitement to check the power of Gravity Control, he forgot to wear the gloves. His hand drowned in the disgusting and pungent drool of the monster. In mid-air, he lets go of the monster's neck.

When the monster fell below, he leaned closer and clenched his fist. Slightly activating the Gravity Control, he accelerated down while the body of the monster flew up. The moment it reached near him, he smashed his fist on the flat dark chest of the monster, slamming it on the ground.

Bang! Puff!

The monster smashed on the ground and blasted like a balloon. The Gravity Control was activated, sucking in the Nether Energy. He used the system to store the Nether Energy in meantime. Mike took out a scarlet potion while he was landing on the ground.

The moment he landed on the ground, those remaining monsters instantly rushed towards him. The power of collision had already startled other monsters. So, he instantly opened the lid and dropped the scarlet potion on the ground.

The moment the entire potion dropped to the ground, a scarlet circular rune emerged with a cloud of red smoke. There were four triangles, with each pointing at a certain inner area of the circular rune. Mike turned around and gushed away like a cannonball.

His single step on the ground was enough to create three inches deep hole. When those monsters arrived in that area, they found something else. There were twelve skeletons. These were humanoid skeletons with the height of a meter only.

Each skeleton was equipped with a bone shield and a bone sword. It was Undead Summoning Potion that he bought due to his curiosity. When Mike turned his head back and saw a dozen skeletons holding a bone sword and shield fighting against a monster, his jaw almost hit the ground.

He thought these skeletons would be powerful to delay the monsters and gather more monsters in one place but when he saw the monster breaking the bone shield in a single strike, he felt speechless. Still, these skeletons succeed in attracting the hordes of genderless monsters.

It was enough for him. Not to mention, he didn't use most of his ability energy. While running back, he muttered "Cheap products are really bad. Next time, I should spend more bronze coins to buy higher rank Undead Summoning Potion."

"The person who has awakened necromancy innate ability should be earning gold. With this kind of potion, why would you even need an army? But first...… This smell is killing me. This time I can't wash my hands in ten-second no matter which hand-wash I use. This time, I must wash my hand for an entire minute."

While cursing the genderless monster, he reached the home.

Now, time to wash my hand.

Wash your hand, wash your hand, clean and neat, no escape, and no cheat. He didn't open the door instead walked towards the tap behind the house.

After he spent a full minute washing his hand, he finally entered the room. Just like the morning, he saw Luke, Lucas, Jenny, and Sunny sitting on the couch. Seeing them resting like this made him a little angry.

I just went out almost attracting buildings within me, risking my life, covering my hands in that disgusting drool. And, they are resting on a couch as nothing happened.

They should at least lay out the booms around the area.

But suddenly, a picture came to his mind. Mike was rushing towards the home with his hands covered in drool. He was in so much hurry that he only focused on a tap. Doing so, he accidentally placed his foot over a bomb.

Boom!

With a big explosion in his mind, Mike recovered from his dream.

Thank god, they are lazy. If they were hardworking people, I would be working together with dead souls, lifting soul brick, and constructing soul houses.

Indeed, lazy people are best. They never do anything unless they are instructed.

"Umm, let's go out and place the bomb around the house." Mike's entry had already earned their attention. He pointed his thumbs outside and spoke.

"Uhh! What do you mean by placing the bomb? Duh! We are not lazy people like you. We have already done that. Wait a minute, we have already placed the bomb and you weren't supposed to enter the house. Why are you here?" Jenny suddenly stood up in shock as she explained.

Fuck, what do you mean by that? This is my house. And, why aren't you a lazy person? More importantly, I didn't press the bomb, right? I think, they placed the bombs in a different areas, keeping a certain distance between each.

Wait a minute, something exploded. Was it not my imagination?

"Did you place the time bomb?" Mike shouted as his eyes almost popped out. The cold sweat appeared on his forehead.

"Of course not! There is not a single time bomb. And, why would we place a time bomb in such a short distance? We have placed those bombs nearly five hundred meters away from."

"Those bombs do not cover much area during explosion but the firepower is extremely powerful. So, we placed each bomb with a distance of twenty meters." Jenny shook her head and explained.

"Thank god, I didn't step on any of those bombs." Mike wiped away the cold sweat from his forehead and release a deep breath.

"What do you mean by not stepping on those bombs? They weren't completely hidden and couldn't be touched. Each bomb is linked by a meter thick but flat wire that surrounds the entire house that was supposed to activate the boom."

"You were supposed to tell us that you are returning before you truly return home." Jenny looked at him speechlessly and explained.

"My god! What are you trying to say? Are you saying that I should be dead? Are you trying to say that I should've stepped on the wire and exploded with those bombs, going to heaven, fucking those cute angels? Can't you stop saying anything related to the bomb?"

"I am right here, right in front of you, alive. So, why are you trying to kill me by over-explaining the functions of those bombs?" Hearing her words, Mike almost freaked out. He smashed his palm on his head and speaks in a fast manner.

Jenny didn't say anything. She walked near him and raised her hand.

Slap!

A power and crispy slap resounded in the hall. After slapping, Jenny released a deep breath and said "Thank god, you are alive."

Tears came out of Mike's eyes. He never felt so frustrated and confused as he was feeling right now. He almost choked "Jenny, at least tell me why are you so angry?"

The slap was so powerful that it instantly gave him enlightenment.

He felt if he receive ten slaps each day, he can cultivate Divine Ability on his own within a week.

That would be the power of a slap. Divine Slapping Technique!

"So, you finally understand huh! Tell me, did you die a virgin in your previous life?" Jenny clutched his ears and stretched them out.

"I didn't die with virginity. I broke my virginity." When he heard her words, a burning flame arises from his heart. It was as if she had caught his weak point.

"Huh! Do you remember your previous life?" Those burning flames in his eyes were the proof. She instantly realized that it was his weak point. But, she also got curious and asked.

"Ehh! How is that possible? I just wanted to tell you how can a person who fucked and win the heart of three ladies in a week be a virgin in his previous life? It's almost impossible, right?" Mike didn't expect to spill the bean. Although he doesn't know what will be the consequences if he reveals this secret, he was still cautious.

He didn't want to suffer bad luck.

"Then, tell me why on earth a guy who can win a heart of three girls in a single week would establish prostitution? Are you trying to sell us as a prostitute?" Jenny pulled his ears harder while questioning him.

"Ehh! You learned about it." Mike was surprised by her words. But suddenly, he warped his right arm around her waist and pulled her into his embrace. He lightly kissed her rosy lips for a moment. After separating his lips, he made affectionate eyes and spoke "You belong me, only me. No one has the right to take you away from me, not even me."

"I will give that eight out ten." Jenny chuckled and released his ears only to found that his ear was completely red. But surprising to her, Mike didn't make any scream or made an act while she grabbed his ears.

'Thank god, I watched romantic movies to get the girlfriend in my previous life.' Mike released a deep breath calming his heartbeat. Suddenly, an image came to his mind.

'Was that you? But it shouldn't be possible, right? How are you nowadays? Did you find a new boyfriend? Or, did you already marry someone? I don't know why but I still love you like those days.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Near the Western Part of the Ethen State

"Help! Help us!" Suddenly, a horrified voice rang on the surrounding. There were dozens of humanoid beings walking around like dead people. These creatures had deadly green round eyes with wrinkly faces. Their clothes were covered in blood and dust.

They were surrounding a group of people that were living humans. It was a group of teenagers. There were ten girls and six boys holding the weapons in their hands. They were trying to keep their distance from the zombies.

"Shut up, you idiot!" One of the girls shouted while looking at a terrified expression of a boy. There was disdain on her face when she looked at that boy's expression.

But these zombies were fighting like normal humans instead of biting them like normal zombies. One of the zombies raised his hand, punched at them. Suddenly, green flames burst out of his fist forming a stream of flame. Seeing this attack, one of the girls stood in front of the zombie and released her ability energy.

In an instant, the ability energy transformed into a tall wall of metal.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The flames collided against the wall and exploded but the wall didn't move. The girl sweat all over her body. She barely holding on against the stream of flames. She looked girl with a tall height and shouted "I can't hold it. Do something!"

"Lena, I need a jump." The girl with the tall height looked at another girl with a ponytail and shouted. All of them were wearing jeans and a thin jacket that covered their body. The girl with the ponytail nodded her head and caught her hand.

She spins around while gripping her leg too. When she spins her body, the tall girl spins with her. The moment her foot stopped, she released strange ability energy that hardened her hand's muscles and threw the tall girl up in the air.

In the mid-air, a tall girl spreads her hand. Suddenly, several thin wires released out of her fingers. In an instant, she formed a giant web with those wires. When her body started falling, another string came out of her leg.

One end of the string got tied with a pillar of a tall building while another end was tied with the tall tree. The web condensed by the string fell over those zombies like a cage. All zombies under that area got smashed by the web and fell on their chests.

"String of Imprisonment"

But that didn't stop there, she condensed few more webs and suppressed every zombie surrounding them. Her body rotates on the string as her head falls down.

Her body turned upside down, hanging on the string like a spider. Her body weight was pulling her down and stretching the string. When she reached a certain distance, her string stopped stretching and threw her up in the air.

She flew like a slingshot. She turned her body towards the girls and boys below, throwing a giant rope condensed with hundreds of strings. Below her, there was a girl whose hands were transformed into the wings of a body. Even before she threw the rope, they were already getting into the position.

These wings were giant, covering dozens of meters in length and one meter in width. Those girls and boys lay flat on those wings, holding them tightly. Her legs and waist also started transforming into an eagle's claw and waist.

But surprisingly, she kept her waist and upper body very slim. The fur grows on her waist. It seems she was very conscious about her look. But her legs were giant as two meters. One boy and one girl climbed to her legs.

And, the girl with a ponytail climbed up to her back. She tied her legs around her waist. It seems she kept her waist small due to some reason. Except for the face of the girl, every other part had already transformed into an eagle.

She was a pretty girl with a pale white face. When the rope fell down, the girl on her legs looked at the boy and asked "Are you ready?" Although she had tied both of her hands around the transformed leg, her feet were still on the ground. The same goes for the boy.

When she asked, the boy puts a smirk on his face and says "I was born ready, babe." With his words, terrifying flames erupt out of their feet. Those flames were releasing a powerful reaction. When the eruptions of flames reached a certain degree, their body flew up in the air.

Boom!

With the sound of an explosion from their foot, they pushed the transformed eagle up in the air. While they flew up, they kept releasing an enormous amount of flames, pushing the entire group towards the sky.

At the same time, the girl with the ponytail caught the rope and pulled it. At this moment, its other end was attached to a tall building by that girl. Her legs pressed hard on the transforming girl's waist. It was an insane pressure since the ponytail girl was trying to pull the entire group.

"Ahhh! Flying Zombie!" Suddenly, the boy who was terrified already became even more terrified after seeing a zombie with wings. That zombie was also one of the teenagers who had awakened flying innate ability.

Whoosh! Splash!

Suddenly, a sharp arrow with a metal head pierced the zombie's heart. When the group saw that, they looked at the ground and saw a girl standing with a bow in her hand. Their expression changed with a trace of regret.

"We can't go back and save her." The ponytail girl succeeds in giving a powerful pull and increasing their flight speed. She also saw the archer but shook her head. She knew she can't risk going down now. The transformed girl was already at the limit.

"I don't think she needs the help though." Another girl saw the archer standing on a hoverboard and spoke. The hoverboard flew at an extreme speed reaching near them.

"Lena, I think we got a trouble." Suddenly, the boy who was erupting the flames spoke. At this moment, he was the only one releasing the flames out of his feet.

"Lucy has lost her consciousness. Her body can't hold it anymore. We need to do something." The boy shouted with an anxious expression while extending his arm to hold the girl name Lucy in his arm.

"Lena, I think you should look ahead." Another girl spoke while looking at the front. Leena turned her head and saw the hoverboard transforming into a spaceship. In less than thirty seconds, a small hoverboard had transformed into a spaceship.

The back door of the spaceship slowly opened giving them hope.

"Holy shit! That must be one hell of an expensive hoverboard." Seeing the black spaceship, one of the boys got speechless and jealous.

"It must be NTHB Version 5.0. An advanced hoverboard that costs nearly twenty billion dollars in the market. But it is hard to find the market for it. Only some powerful families can buy such luxury. And, to have that, her status in her family must be very high." Lena didn't have any jealousy or envy in her eyes.

But she was really curious about the archer girl. She can feel the power of that arrow was not weaker than A-Rank. Either it is an A-Rank Innate Ability or even an S-Rank.

"Everyone, get ready for the impact!" While they reached near the spaceship, Lena shouted. While entering the spaceship, she untied her legs and rushed in front of them.

She jumped in front of the transformed eagle and pressed her hand in the chest. She didn't want the transformed girl to get hurt while holding so many people. Although her hands pressed her boobs, she didn't care.

She pushed her with her entire strength. While she managed to slow down the impact, she couldn't completely stop it. But suddenly, dozens of airbags appeared behind her before her back touched the wall.

"Hu!" Lena released a deep breath as she fell on her ass. The boy puts down Lucy and everyone gets off the transformed girl. After everyone got off, her body slowly transformed back and she gradually lost her consciousness.

"Put Tina in a comfortable place. She must be exhausted." While speaking, Lena got up and walked towards the door of the spaceship. She looked at the ground and her heartbeat escaped. The place where they previously lived had transformed into a den of zombies.

Entire Street was covered with zombies and monsters. Suddenly, a string passed by her. Seeing this string, she immediately caught it and used her ability energy. In an instant, her body flooded with immense strength, her muscles hardened as she pulled the string.

"Thank god, Scarlet came in time." After the tall girl entered the spaceship, she breathed heavily. As for Lena, she had already fallen on her back.

"Alexa, do you this archer?" When Lena heard her, she curiously asked while laying on her back.

"Don't you know the incident that happened two days ago? An A-Rank Innate Ability mysteriously reached S-Rank. Scarlet was the girl whose ability was upgraded. We were friends from junior school. She is a cold-type girl who will never make a boyfriend."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, where are we going?" Lena asked while laying down on the floor. She was almost on the verge of collapsing.

"I don't know. Let's see where she takes us." Alexa shook her head and all of them rested for ten minutes. After ten minutes, the spaceship landed on the ground while Scarlet, the female archer asked everyone to get off.

When everyone was out, the spaceship transformed back to the hoverboard below Scarlet's foot. Upon looking from close, they found the girl was very beautiful. She had a pale face with brown hair. Her boobs were almost D-cup sized pressed by a black tight jacket.

She was wearing tight black pants that complement her cold look and a black jacket.

"Scarlet, thanks for coming to help us!" Alexa rushed towards her and cling into her embrace. Unlike males, she seems very fond of females.

"Of course, I would come for my friends." Scarlet laughed a little as she fondles her hair and spoke.

"Thank you for saving us!" Lena walked at the front and bowed down a little. Others followed her actions and did the same.

"In a time like this, saving people is very crucial. We are already at the edge even though it has only been one and a half-day. The entire Ethen State is in chaos. Currently, the most peaceful place would be the southern part of the Ethen State but to reach there, we need bigger force."

"I am currently trying to gather forces so that we can travel from the western part to the southern part. Do you want to join me?" Scarlet didn't have a little bit of cold aura when she spoke with Lena. That surprised her because she thought Scarlet would be a cold-type girl.

Lena turned around and looked at everyone else. Everyone nodded their head and understanding their intention, she turned back and nodded her head.

"Good! I used the Stagroar satellite to scan the Western Part. Currently, there are only a few groups in the entire Western Part. The nearest region has two groups. One group is currently at a mall consisting of eleven members, and another group has five members."

"Former is rather at the safe place while latter was surrounded by the group of monster. It seemed those monsters were already attacking them. We should pick up the people from the mall and then visit the house if the people still lived till we get there." Scarlet smiles brightly when she saw them agree and explained the situation.

"Till we get there? Aren't we using the NTHB Ver.5.0?" The boy who was taking care of Lucy asked with uncertainty in his tone.

"No, I can't use it for normal transportation. Unlike other vehicles, NanoTech uses the energy from Dark Energy Crystal. I can't afford to use it for normal cases. Don't worry, we can reach the mall till the evening." Scarlet bitterly smiled and shook her head.

Hearing her words, most of them got disappointed. They joined her because of the NTHB. Now when she revealed that she wouldn't use the spaceship, they were getting disappointed.

"But, I don't understand. One Dark Energy Crystal costs twenty million dollars. You can buy the vehicle that costs twenty billion dollars but you can't use the dark energy crystal that costs only twenty million dollars?"

"If you use the dark energy crystals, you can easily send us to the Southern Part. But, you are not doing so. Don't tell me you are using this situation as an advantage to form a group for yourself?" Suddenly, one of the girls asked her an irritating question.

It was irritating for Scarlet at least.

"Miss Scarlet, if that is your reason for inviting us, then I'm sorry I can't join you." Another girl also took an opportunity and spoke with a disappointed face. The place where they had landed was relatively safe. So, her decision was to spend seven days in this place.

"Miss Scarlet, I agree with Bella. If you are going to be greedy in this situation, I am afraid, I can't join you either." Another boy spoke which made Lena and Alexa slightly angry. Lena didn't speak but Alexa was Scarlet's friend.

Seeing her friend treated like that, she yelled "Andrew, Bella, Mila, do you have any no shame for speaking like that? She not only save your life but also give you a ride. How can you say her greedy?"

"If not? She possesses billions of dollars and she is greedy enough to hide her wealth in a dire situation like this. If she could use her wealth, we can not only take those people from the mall but also return back to the southern part tonight." Hearing Alexa's words, Mila rebuked. She kept pointing her index finger at Scarlet and looking at other people.

That gaze inspired other people. Slowly, the number increased on the Mila side making the numbers equal on both sides.

Seeing this, Scarlet was little anger. Her aura was turning colder and colder. Seeing this, Mila snickered "See, I told you she just wanted to control us. Now, we try to rebel she wants to use the force."

While aspiring other teenagers, she walked in front of Scarlet and shouted "Don't think just because you have S-Rank talent and billions of dollars, you can control other's life. You just want to be a leader without sacrificing anything. Hell no! I don't want such a leader."

Saying so, she turned around and walked away with her newly formed group. From sixteen to eight including Scarlet remained at that same place.

"Scarlet, I am really sorry. I didn't think those people would be so ungrateful." Alexa turned her head at Scarlet and apologized with few teardrops on her eyes. At this moment, there were only seven of them remained from the old group.

Alexa, Lena, Tina, Lucy, her caretaker plus boyfriend, timid boy, and a short girl wearing Yukata, an ancient dress of Tokyo State. This state lies in the eastern part of the Asia Continent. It was quite weird to see the people of Tokyo State at Ethen State.

"It's okay, I know people heart seeks benefits. They just want to be alive and the best way they think is by hiding from those creatures from the hell. And, this place seems pretty safe since the monsters from this place have traveled to that house." Scarlet shook her head and didn't blame her.

"Sorry for the offense but why are you not using dark energy crystals? With your family background, you surely do not lack them, do you?" Alexa released a heavy breath of relief. But, she got more curious and asked with confusion on her face.

"Actually, I do lack dark energy crystals. You know my family rules, right? I can't ask for more than anything that my family gives me. I had to fight for it. And, during my innate ability evolution, I needed a lot of energy. So, I got no choice but to use every dark energy crystal I possessed." Scarlet bitterly smiled and explained.

"So, that's it!" Alexa who seemed to be her close friend instantly understood the situation and nodded her head. Suddenly, she remembered something and hurriedly spoke "I think we should introduce each other first. Since I know both, I will introduce you to each other."

Hearing her words, everyone nodded their head. Alexa pointed at Scarlet and spoke "Let's start with Scarlet first. Her full name is Scarlet Stagroar. Some of you might have heard this surname. She is not from Ethen State."

"When she reached ten years old, she was sent here to further continue her study. She is from the Stagroar State. As you have guessed, the entire state belongs to her family. But, they have the rule of 'Strength is King'. So, basically, you have to win the resource based on your talent and strength."

"She and I became friends at the age of ten. And, she is Lesbian and currently, my only girlfriend." Saying so, she clings into Scarlet's embrace. Then, she looked at the timid guy and said "Sorry, but she has a fear of relationships with the opposite gender. So, you have no chance."

Hearing her words, everyone's face twitched. Scarlet got extremely embarrassed and pinched Alexa on her waist.

"Ouch! Hey, I am sorry. She is a Lesbian but her boyfriend is her little brother. He is boyfriend less, servant more. By the way, is he coming back after this war?" A handsome face came to her mind as she remembered her little brother.

"Alexa, we don't have all day." Suddenly, Lena's cold voice rang in her ears making her trembled. She nodded her head with fear and pointed her hand at Lena, explaining "She is Lena. Her innate ability is C-Rank Muscle Hardening. She is like an elder sister to me. We were friends from an early age but she went to another academy."

Then, she pointed her finger at Tina and explained "Her name is Tina. She is Lena's cousin. Her innate ability is also C-Rank Giant Eagle Transformation."

Then, she pointed at Lucy and her boyfriend, explaining "Her name is Lucy and he is Koby. Both of them awakened C-Rank Fire Element. But their element is a little surprising. Each of them possesses half of the fire element. It's not an exact fire element rather a powerful flame that was separated in two parts."

"And, they can combine by a certain method. You know that method, right?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"As for the timid guy, his name is Rabi. His innate ability is a little weird. He can see the souls of the people. Although his innate ability was awakened a few days ago, it has been showings its effect from the small age."

"He is really a pitiful guy. From the small age, he sees souls and thinking them as a ghost, he gets terrified. His psychology changed due to his experience and he became completely timid, scared of everything." Point her hand at the timid boy, Alexa explained.

Finally, she pointed her hand at the girl in Yukata and explained "Just like you, she also came from another state. But, her family is pretty normal. She has awakened rare B-Rank Katana Innate Ability. It's little confusion since she can't condense more than a single katana."

"But, her katana is very unique and powerful. Her name is Misako Yuki"

After her explanation, Scarlet nods her head and walked towards Rabi. Seeing her approaching closer, Rabi gets terrified, taking few steps back. Seeing his terrified expression, Scarlet let out a helpless sigh and made a sweet smile before speaking "Don't worry, I won't do anything to you."

"I just felt you are very unique."

Suddenly, Rabi stopped moving back and his terrified expression disappeared with an innocent look. He gazed at her eyes and slowly spoke "I… I am not unique. You are unique. Your-----Your soul is blooming with seven colors like a rainbow."

At this moment, Scarlet's gaze changed. A terrifying aura exploded in her soul. This aura terrified Rabi as he ran back. This time, he was literally running away. In an instant, Scarlet Stagroar controls her aura and spoke "Please don't leave! I apologize for terrifying you. It is the first time that I found someone could gaze into my soul."

Rabi was already fifty meters away from her but he could still hear her. After listening to her words, he stopped and turned around. But his forehead was covered in sweat. He didn't walk towards her instead she walked towards him but he was still terrified.

Alexa and others couldn't understand why Scarlet was so much interested in Rabi. And, what did she do to make him so terrified? Of course, they couldn't understand her. After all, her soul possesses a terrifying secret related to her fear and her life.

And, that's the reason why she has chosen to be lesbian. Whether it is a man or a woman, sexual desires need to be fulfilled. If you can't do it in a regular way, you need to make some twists. At least, someone else's finger is a hundred times better than your own.

This is why men ask for handjob even though, it felt quite a waste of time. Man, you can do a handjob by yourself. So, why are you wasting your time on that? Because it feels good when others do it for it.

That's the only reason why she has chosen this path. Unlike Mike, she has died twice and reincarnated. And both times, she died during sex. Her soul has a major problem. It mutates her body causing it to release an enormous amount of energy during sex.

And, if the man can't absorb that much energy, it will be reflected back. And then, Ka-boom.

Everybody fears death. But she fears sex more than death. Because she doesn't want to die during sex.

That might be one of the most humiliating things for both.

Look, she died. Why? Because the man pounded her so hard that she couldn't even bear it.

Look, he died. Why? Because he was too weak for sex. Too weak for sex? If someone says you that, can anyone bear it. No, obviously not. How can you be too weak for sex? Even if you are too weak, you would only pass out, not die, right?

"Miss Scarlet, we should move! We have already delayed a lot of time." Lena looked up in the dark purple sky and spoke with a serious face. The light of the sun was barely reaching the earth.

"Alright, let me check the situation. And, just call me Scarlet." Scarlet nods her head and took out a circular device from her dimensional ring. It had a green screen on it. She used her fingers to zoom and suddenly her eyes trembled.

"What happened?" Alexa also noticed her abnormality and immediately asked.

"I don't know what is happening. But the group in the mall had split into two groups. One is currently staying at the mall while another group is moving towards the house. And, something strange is happening near the house"

"The number of monsters is increasing as well as decreasing rapidly. Almost, to the point where hundreds of monsters are disappearing from the radar every five seconds." Looking at the radar where hundreds of black dots were disappearing, she explained in a terrified expression.

"But, how can that be possible? They only have a group of five people. Even if the group from the mall helps them, it would impossible to kill monsters in such a large quantity. Unless they use the bombs creating massive explosions, it should be impossible to kill so many monsters." Alexa quickly shook her head and tried to deny it.

But Scarlet and Lena looked at her with weird expressions. Seeing that look, Alexa got confused thinking 'Did I say something wrong?'

"You are right. How could we rule out the possibility of external weapons? Although we rely on superpowers, we are still in the technological age. Government has produced massive numbers of weapons that can slaughter numerous monsters in the cosmos."

"We can't use those weapons because it is caused for mass destruction that means both human and monster will suffer. But in this situation, we have nothing to worry about the destruction. Imperial Government will renovate the state, so we are allowed to use the mass destruction weapons."

"If I am not wrong, then the government should have left the weapons in many malls. Those people are definitely using the weapons to kill that many monsters. This is an easy way for earning points. Since the Hunter Guild will record the achievement with the help of satellite." Scarlet eyes brightened with excitement as she explained.

"Wait a minute, Hunter Guild is watching over us?" Alexa was a little confused by her words. She didn't know the Hunter Guild was actually watching them. Her expression turned bitter and killing intent filled her eyes turning it red, as she screamed "Then, why are they getting so many youths to die?"

"Don't they say youths are the pillar of the nation? Why aren't they protecting us?"

Hearing her words, Scarlet turned silent. She didn't know what to say here. Lena walked closer to Alexa and embraced her while speaking "There are many dangers in the universe. Humanity is no longer peaceful."

"Do you think humanity wants to stay up there helplessly looking at us dying like this? They are helpless. You don't know the truth and matter behind this war. But, our real enemies are monsters. Our enemies are Fiends, human fiends that enjoy killing a person."

"They are the group of madmen backed up by the evil organization from outer space. We can't rely on anyone else. We have to survive on our own."

"Hicc! Hicc! Why are we suffering such fate?" Alexa started crying in Lena's embrace. She wasn't a strong heart woman.

"Don't cry, you are embarrassing yourself. How can you cry in the embrace of a person who is shorter than you?" Lena tried to cheer her up while patting her back. Slowly, Alexa left her embrace and nodded her head with few drops of tears filling her eyes.

"She is right, Alexa. We can't cry here. We need to remain strong. For now, let's leave otherwise it will get night soon." Scarlet also patted Alexa's head and finally walked towards the house. Currently, this group had one fifth rank Soldier, two- third rank Soldiers (Lucy and Koby), and lastly five- second rank Soldiers.

Lucy and Koby had higher cultivation even though their innate ability rank was less than Yuki. Their cultivation method was different and through sex, they improve faster than others. Though it is not as effective as Mike.

Yuki had eight evolution in the second rank while others had around fifth evolution. They were still far away considering their talent and background. Alexa's string Innate Ability was also C-Rank. As for Scarlet, her innate ability was related to the arrow.

As previously stated, her current innate ability was S-Rank. And, she was the very first S-Rank and only in Ethen State of this year.

After having a long talk, they finally started their journey to the Mall. They knew this journey was going to be easy. Because for god sake, every monster in this area has gone to the house. And, that house belongs to Mike.

A few moments earlier, Mike was standing in front of a staggering number of monsters. There were few people near him and some people watching it from the top of a desolated building.

"Let the destruction begin!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

In front of Mike and his party, the ground exploded causing a chain of mass destruction. The fierce flames erupted like a volcano, turning those monsters into ashes. Hundreds of monsters exploded, while other monsters tried to retreat but still got caught in flames.

Though some monsters were lucky enough to stay a few hundred meters away from the explosion. They didn't get caught in flames and safely retreated. But when the flame vanquishes, they released that disgusting drool while rushing towards Mike and others.

"Sergent Lucas, are you ready? Fire!" Mike shouted while pointing his hand at those monsters in the military position. Behind him, Lucas was on his right knee while holding the launcher in his shoulder. When he pressed the trigger, a small missile moves out of the launcher with an extreme speed.

Boom!

Unlike the previous explosions, this explosion covered a massive area while producing the same devastating explosion as the previous bombs. Covering the massive distance, it razed those monsters into the dust of energy.

"Holy shit! I didn't know the missile launcher would be as effective as those bombs." Looking power of the missile launcher, Mike got speechless.

"Of course, they are. Their power is almost equal to the bomb while being convenient to use since they are created with the same materials" Jenny snorted at him and explained. She couldn't understand why he sometimes acts like he knows everything and sometimes like he knows nothing.

She didn't know Mike had no prior knowledge about many things. He only has knowledge of some stories related events due to the massive influence of novels and manga in his previous life. As for other things, his source of information was his omniscience system.

In fact, Mike even tried to give a proper salary to Claire for being such a good guide. Unfortunately, she couldn't take it. Only when he activates her version of the system, she would reap some benefits. Of course, he made a promise when she gets a proper body, he would fuck her until her mind goes blank.

He was only hoping that he will gain enough experience till then. Because he understood his shortcoming. He basically can't go on for more than two times even with his monstrous stamina. It's like a newbie who is satisfied after cumming once.

He losses the excitement after few times. He hopes he can improve in this factor. After all, if he wants to fuck someone till their mind goes blank, he must fuck them for an entire night or day.

Boom!

Lucas launched another missile. Seeing this, Mike helplessly shook his head "I wish I had brought a few more missile launchers."

"Well, it doesn't matter. We just need to use the best of what we have." Jenny shook her head and spoke.

"That's right. Sergent Lucas! At your left, Fire!"

"Sergent Lucas! At your right, Fire!"

"Sergent Lucas! At your front Fire!"

Mike kept pointing his hand in different directions while giving him an order like a commander.

Bang!

Suddenly, Mike got a slap on the back of his head. His face smashed on the ground, eating dust. Behind him, Jenny erupted her dark and gloomy aura shouting "You are not in a rock band concert and you are not a commander. Stop distracting him with your orders and hand signs."

Since Mike was giving him the orders, Lucas had to shift from left to right. Doing so, he pretty much misses his target. Although most of the monsters will still come in his range of fire, there was still a chance of hitting his own people with the missile.

"Damn! You are taking advantage of the fact that I can't use violence against my woman." Mike spits the dust from his mouth and got up. He leaned closer to her while yelling at her face.

"So what? If you have the strength, come and beat me." Showing her superior strength and aura, she instantly made Mike retreat few steps.

"Damn it! If I don't make you beg for more tonight at the bed, I won't call myself Mike Tyson from that moment on." His words made everyone dumbfounded for a moment. Lucas forgot to fire at the monster and looked at him with a weird expression on his face.

"Tch! Can you even stand more than two sessions?" Jenny was startled by his oath but still regained her composure and snorted at him. But, she was already dripping wet at this moment. Because when Mike shouted that, he unconsciously released his Sex Aura affecting their mind.

She didn't understand why was this happening? She didn't think too much because the remaining monsters were approaching close. If it is in close distance, Lucas can't launch his missile. They need guns for that.

"Can you two stop flirting at the moment? We need your help here." Luke couldn't bear to watch them acting like that and shouted. Mike and Jenny nodded their head and walked towards the big basket where guns were placed.

Both of them held AZ-24. One hand was placed on the magazine clip while another hand was at the trigger. Both of them aimed at the monsters nearby and pressed the trigger.

Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di! Di!

Splash! Puff! Splash! Puff! Splash! Puff! Splash! Puff! Splash! Puff! Splash! Puff! Splash! Puff!

The muzzle kept shooting the bullets with the speed unseen by the naked eyes. Some bullets succeed in hitting the target while most of them got wasted. But, a monster would die from a single bullet so they didn't have to worry.

After fifteen minutes, all of them stopped as the number of monsters in front of them reached zero.

"So, we finally got rid of those monsters, right?" Mike looked at the surroundings and asked to confirm.

"Seems like it!" Luke also scanned the surroundings and nodded his head.

"Thank god, we finished succeed killing those monsters with weapons. I really don't want to see them again." Only then he placed the gun on the basket and sighed a breath of relief.

"Why? They are pretty weak compared to others." Sunny curiously asked while placing her gun in the basket. Although her strength wasn't comparable to those, Mike and others could still easily slaughter them. But Mike insisted on using weapons.

"You don't understand a single bit." Mike shook his head and pointed at Luke, Jenny, Lucas, and her respectively while saying "He uses a sword, she uses a sword, he uses lightning, and you, you use nothing. But I use my fist."

"I don't want to drown my fist on that disgusting drool coming out of their mouth. It stinks like hell. Well, they are technically from the hell, so we could expect it. But still, that thing stinks. And it doesn't change the fact that you would vomit after smelling that shit."

"I didn't expect you would hate disgusting things so much." Sunny found it funny when he tried to argue like a kid. She laughed a little as she spoke.

"Of course, I would hate it. Everyone hates disgusting things. Even female organism is hundred times better than that." Mike snorted at her laughter but didn't take it to his heart. He was a little skeptical whether to absorb the Nether Energy or not.

But at least, he decided not to do so.

"Come, let's wash our hands and feet!" Mike finally walked towards the backyard of the house. There were no bullet signs at this place. Normally, every beast that survived the bomb moved towards the front by smelling the Nether Energy coming out of Sunny.

Everyone washed their hands and legs, finally entering the house. Jenny and Sunny heat up the frozen food while Mike and others started sorting out the weapons.

After fifteen minutes,

"So, we have eighty magazine clips, five missiles, and twenty bombs. Let's keep it for an emergency. After all, we might face a very unfavorable situation." Luke stood while Mike and Lucas were sitting on the couch. He puts the weapons on the basket and explained to them.

Both Mike and Lucas didn't have any objection, so they simply nodded their head. At the same time, Jenny and Sunny came with food. They instantly rushed to the dining table. Grabbing their seats, they stared at the food like a pack of hungry wolves.

"So, what do we have here?" Mike asked while Sunny placed the food on the table. She was serving in bowls and plates.

"Roasted beef, chicken soup, is this Tokyo's Ramen? Wow! Chocolate cake, mixed fruit juice. Does this include pomegranate? I heard pomegranate is good for the blood."

"Oh my god! We even got chicken pasta. This is going to be the best meal ever." Looking at the food, Mike started drooling and praising. He immediately started serving himself. But, Jenny slapped his hand and give him a cold glare.

"So—rry!" Seeing that glare, his excitement washed away with the cold sweat. With unwillingness in his face, he waited until she served the food on every plate.

After she served the food, Mike looked deeply at his serving then looked at others. Suddenly, his eyes glint as he shouted "Jenny, why does Luke get three pieces of roasted beef while we only get two? It's not fair."

"Something doesn't change, do they?" Luke bitterly smiled and passed the extra piece into Mike's plate.

"What do you know? Food is not life but delicious food is heaven." Mike snickered while chopping the piece into small pieces and eating it with the fork.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Normal R-18

Bang!

"Hehe! Finally, you are mine."

Slamming the door close, Mike rubbed his palms walking towards the bed. Jenny was already sitting on a bed. Seeing Mike's acting, she slowly took off her pants. She got in the middle of the bed and laid down on her back.

She slowly raised her knees and spreads her bare leg. At this moment, she was only wearing panty. She sticks her finger in her mouth, drowning it in her saliva. Then, she slowly moved her wet hands in her wet panty.

She slides her panty aside, sticking her finger at her cave. She looked at Mike and spoke, "Do you think you can make this slut apologize?"

Mike was almost blown away by her actions. He didn't think she would be so bold. But on another hand, he still remembers her words.

'Then, I will be your personal slut.'

"Since you think I can't satisfy you, do you dare to bet?" But Mike wasn't going to show his weakness either. He made an evil smirk on his face grinned at her.

"Oh! What kind of bet do you want to purpose?" Jenny got a little surprised by his evil smirk. She didn't understand the source of his confidence. She knew he wasn't very good at sexual techniques and his only advantage was his eleven inches little dragon.

"I will not only make you apologize but also make you satisfied with a single session. If I succeed, I win the bet. If you didn't complete satisfaction, I lose. How about it? Do you want to bet?" Mike's smile became wider as he explained her.

Jenny got silent for a moment. She found it hard to believe because she knew her body and she knew him as well. Unless he possesses profound techniques for sex, it would be impossible to satisfy her in a single round.

But Mike clearly doesn't possess them. And, it would be impossible to gather such experience and knowledge in a single day. This is what she believes. But, she couldn't get the idea for his confidence.

Why Mike was so confident about it?

But she didn't reject it. A bright smile appeared on her face as she speaks "Let's hear about the condition or rather rewards of the bet."

Mike's smile reached its maximum width. He released a confident aura and spoke "If I lose, you can ask me for one thing. That thing can be anything. Yes, anything except taking my own life. But if you lose, you have to whole heartily accept that I will have a relationship with many women like a king."

"And so, you aren't allowed to interfere or reject about a threesome, foursome, and even orgy party."

This last condition was something that he doesn't need to ask or tell anyone else than Jenny. Unlike other heavenly maidens, supreme fairies, sex slaves, or any other girl, Jenny has a unique status.

She might not be the strongest. She might not be the most talented. She might not be a true master for giving him the pleasure. But, she is his first wife. Technically, it should be Lauren. But, things don't turn out as we expect them to be.

Jenny is the first wife and possesses a strange feeling in his heart. This feeling is something that every man on the earth, every man who is not a playboy and born in the 21st century, will feel from his wife. That is fear.

It's not your usual fear like the fear of death or fear of any animals. This fear is love. And love is also the source of fear. It is the fear that a rational married man has in his heart. This fear makes him whole heartily love his wife no matter how much he admires others.

This fear is something that makes a relationship true. It inspires joy, sadness, anger, tolerance, respect, mutual understanding, and happiness between husband and wife.

He doesn't know why but he feels the same thing about Jenny. It's like he fears for disappointing her, fears for making her sad, fears for losing mutual understanding, and fears for losing happiness. He doesn't feel the same thing towards Lauren, Liora or Sunny.

He knows this feeling because he has felt it before and knows its result. In his previous, he felt the same thing for his girlfriend. That is why he wants her to accept it whole heartily.

"Anything?" This time, shock and a little bit of fear popped into her heart. But, she still maintains her calmness and asked.

"Yes, anything." Mike took a deep breath and nodded his head.

"Even if I told you to stop having sex with other women or making any kinds of relationship with them?" Jenny narrowed her eyes and tried to feel any discomfort in his words.

Mike was a little shaken but he had already anticipated this. At this moment, he was fully prepared. So, he nods his head without anything hesitation.

Hearing his words, Jenny mysteriously smiled and sticks her cave out while saying "Okay, if you can satisfy this pussy in a single session, I will never go against your decision unless it's completely clouded."

Mike mysteriously smiled with few chocolate balloons popping in his heart. Suddenly, a powerful aura burst out of him with few words escaping his mouth.

"Divine Ability- Sex Aura"

The aura was a wild-like beast. When he took a step forward, the aura burst into her mind. It was overbearing as a tiger. Behind Mike, Jenny could see a shadow of a wolf that was hungry. Her mind almost freaked out as she screamed in her heart 'What is going on?'

Mike slowly got up in bed. He crawled near her and pressed his closed fist over her stomach. He slowly slides his hand down, opening his fist. As his fist opens, a white sticky liquid appears in his middle finger.

Without even giving her a chance to find out, he stuck his finger inside her cave. He slowly inserts it deeper.

"Hmmm! Nggg!"

With that aura bursting out of his, the white sticky liquid and three inches long finger entered her cave. With a slight movement of his finger, an erotic moan came out of her mouth. After he reached deep inside her, he takes out his finger.

The pleasure ringing in her mind suddenly disappears. But she felt as if she wanted that finger inside her again. Mike didn't let her wait. He slowly got below her, sticks out his head, and kisses her wet cave. But suddenly, he stops again.

'It's already wet, so why would I need to kiss it?' Mike thought and stopped. Instead, he takes out his tongue and licked the side of her cave. She had clean shaved it, so he had no problem in doing so.

Each time he licked near her cave, she gets a bolt of lightning in her soul. This feeling was making her crave that little dragon inside of her. But she didn't give up so easily.

Then, he moved his lips up. Seeing her upper clothes, he slowly takes it off. It was just a tank top. He slowly removes her bra and two melons appeared in front of his eyes. He looked at her eyes and deeply licked his upper lip while sticking his face towards her right breast.

At this moment, her nipple was slowly getting hard. But when his tongue pressed that nipple, it instantly hardened. He circled his tongue around the nipple and slowly sucks the entire portion near the nipple in his mouth.

At the same time, he moves his finger inside once again. But this time, he didn't enter deep. Instead, he inserts two fingers. One was middle finger while another was ring finger. Finally, he curved his finger inside and hits her G-Spot.

"Ahhhhhh! How? Hmmm! It feels so good." At this moment, Jenny felt as if she was teased by the professional. Although Mike's fingering wasn't hitting exactly at desires point, his Sex Aura was doing its job.

The Sex Aura alone was making her drown deeper in lust. She was craving more for that thick and long little dragon inside her. But Mike wasn't planning to do it now. Slowly, his fingers started hitting her G-Spot.

He didn't stop. He kept kissing her while fingering her cave. The Sex-Aura was going wild while the liquid has also started showing its effect. He didn't enter the climax and decided to play with his finger for more.

For ten minutes, he kept playing with his finger, kissing different spots and making her crave for his little dragon.

"Ummm! Ngg! Mi—ke, I need it inside. Please!" Jenny couldn't hold longer as she desires for his little dragon. Her face was completely red at the moment filled with lust and desire alone. But Mike didn't give it.

Instead, started moving three fingers inside her. With his three fingers, he kept hitting her G-spot. After another two minutes, Jenny finally couldn't hold herself.

"T… Th---is feels ....ssooooo goodddd. Ahhhhh! I can't hold it. I'm cumming." A sticky milky liquid burst out of her cave as she clenched the bedsheet. It shot like a water gun, drowning his fingers on it.

At this moment, Jenny suddenly caught his hand and asked with the beginning expression "Please pound me with your little dragon!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Extreme R-18 (Read with caution)

Mike made an evil smirk, slowly rubbed his finger at her cave, and spoke "Come on, beg me!"

Hearing his words, Jenny felt an urge to beg but her willpower was exceptionally strong. She wasn't going to break so easily. But she really wanted to get pounded by his dragon.

"Come on, don't make me wait! Otherwise, I might really leave like this." Mike completely released his Sex Aura to affect her mind. At the same time, he kept grinning a lot.

"Hmmmm!" suddenly, a soft moan came out of her mouth. Mike had slid his finger inside her causing her to groan.

"Just remember the day when my dragon entered your cave. Don't you want that same feeling again?" Mike removed his finger and continued to pressurize her. His move was finally working as her expression turned the same as the previous time when she asked him to pound her.

"I beg you. Please insert your dragoon inside my cave! Let it bloom with the white semen. Pound me hard, mess me up!"

At this moment, Mike stood at the body with his lower body naked. An eleven-inch dragon was long and straight filled with intense urge to enter a cave. Mike didn't do it like a daily routine. He asked Jenny to get into her four legs.

"Give me your hand!" While she got herself in four legs, Mike took both of her hands holding them with his respective hands. Finally, he placed his straight dragon at the edge of the cave. He didn't enter forcefully, instead slowly pushed it.

"Nnnggggg!"

She was on her foot, so it was a little easier for Mike to do it while standing. As he pushed his dragon further, her voice gets louder.

Bang!

After his dragon entered fully inside, he slowly pulled it out by half. And this time, he smashed his dragon inside her. He caught her hands tightly in case she falls down. And, that position made that pound extremely intense.

"Ahhhh!" A blankness faded in her expression filled with pain only. But when Mike smashed his dragon five times, that blankness slowly changed into a face filled with pleasure and lust. At the same time, he didn't fall for pleasure.

Without any hesitation, he used 'Chaotic Path towards Harmony'. In an instant, his mind started on his process. When he smashes his dragon in her cave, powerful yang energy got released by him. Naturally, he felt the yang energy was stronger due to the influence of the Divine Sun Body.

At the same time, when his dragon hits her womb, the yin energy gets produced. The yin energy is a part of her stamina and dark energy just like his yang energy was part of his energy and dark energy. When he runs the Chaotic Path towards Harmony and sinks his mind on it, both of them can absorb the dark energy forcefully from the surrounding.

"Ahhhh! Mike, yo----iou are ddddriving me nutsssss. It's crazy! Harder, Mike pound me harder!" At this moment, she didn't know what kind of trouble she was asking for.

Although Mike was sunk on his cultivation, he could still hear her. With her words, he increased his pace. At this moment, he realized his body was constantly getting stronger. And his stamina was improving rapidly.

This time, he didn't lose his mind on pleasure. He was serious about cultivation. Each time he smashes her womb, yin energy merges with his yang energy, producing chaos energy with perfect harmony. Slowly he realized, the harder she begs, the more refined her yin energy gets.

With a sudden understanding of energy, he grabbed her left leg and placed it on his right shoulder without stopping. Though he needed to slow down a little. After that, he placed both of his arms around her stomach to support her.

"Ahhhah! Ngggg! Mike, I am going crazy."

"Yesssss! It's amazing!" "Oh god! It's hitting my womb. I feel like I am going crazy."

"Ohhh, yessss" "That's it! That's it! Hit my spot, mark me as your slut, Mike! Hit me there!"

She didn't realize while getting pounded like that, her cultivation was improving. But, she did realize Mike was changing posture again and again. This time, he was holding her into his arms while smashing into her womb.

While doing, he was concentrating on his Chaotic Path towards Harmony. At this moment, he felt something a little different. He was controlling the pleasure that taking over his mind. But, he didn't expect that will help him control his ejaculation too.

With such a big help, he banged her for another three minutes until he gets her into another position. She falls on her chest, but her ass was sticking up. Mike got on his knees like her and kept pounding into her womb.

"This is crazy. I'm going crazy."

"Yessss, yess, go deeperrrrrr!"

"Stop! I can't hold it. It's too deep. Stop!"

When Mike did what she said, she felt her cave wouldn't be able to hold his dragon. She shouted in the scream. Mike cautiously falls back to his original speed. He didn't want to stop right now. He was feeling that his cultivation was improving at a rapid speed.

At this moment, he realized what kind of cultivation technique is Chaotic Path towards Harmony is. The cultivation realm doesn't matter. The only thing that matter was his concentration on the cultivation technique and the female's talent.

Because she needs to suck the dark energy near her with the power of core, her talent must be high to properly benefit Mike.

"Ahhh! Mike, I—I can't hold on. You win, I'm cumming." When he laid her into another position against the wall, she finally gave up. After two minutes on the wall, she released white liquid like a stream of piss.

Suddenly, his Chaotic Path towards Harmony stopped. Only then, he realized that she had passed out. There was a satisfied smile on her face that made him grin.

Knock! Knock!

Suddenly, someone knocked on the door making him frown. But Mike instantly recognizes the person without even looking. But still, he slowly opened the door, hiding his half-naked body behind the door. After opening the door, a grin appeared on his face.

Outside the door, Sunny was standing in an amazing dress. It was her red lingerie with a thin line that covers her nipples and part of her cave. There was a slutty and lustful expression on her face. Seeing her, Mike no longer hides his body and walked in front of her with his half-soaked dragon.

Gulp!

Seeing the size of the dragon, Sunny swallowed the saliva gathered in her mouth. She peaked at his bed and saw Jenny sleeping soundly with her cave soaked in cum. But that wasn't his cum, it was her own.

"Do you want it?" Mike spoke while swinging his hard rod.

Sunny swallowed her saliva again and nodded her head.

"Come inside!" Mike smiled mischievously and let her in. After that, he closed the door and walked towards her. He leaned closer to her and whispered "Lick it clean!"

Hearing his commands, she hesitated for a while. It wasn't because she hasn't sucked any cock. In fact, she has swallowed more than a hundred cocks already. But the difference here is the liquid that has drenched his dragon wet.

As a female, she could see and smell whose cum was that. From her two years of prostitution experience, she could guarantee that it belongs to Jenny. That's why she hesitated. Because she didn't want to clean someone else's mess.

At this moment, Mike leaned closer once again and whispered "Don't act in front of me! I didn't give you the support out of pity. First, I saw talent in you. But, that talent can't make you my lover. You have to remember your place as a regular slut and not compare to my personal slut."

"Second, I want a cock sleeve in this type of situation. While having sex with her, I can improve my cultivation. If I wanted, I could have cum in her pussy while having sex. But I didn't do it. Because I wanted to improve my cultivation."

"So, I can't blame her for passing out like that. Because she has her worth. Her talent is enough to give her that opportunity. On other hand, you do not possess such talent. You could die here any moment. And, even if you survive, you could only return back to being one of a prostitute that serves hundreds."

"Now listen to me with clear ears, I am giving you wealth, cultivation support, and a chance to serve me. So, before we continue, I would like to give you two choices. First, be my slave and serve me. Second, take that million dollars and leave after we finish this war."

Hearing her words, shock, envy, jealousy, sadness, appeared in her heart. But surprisingly, she didn't get angry at Mike. She knew Mike wasn't going to treat her like Jenny. But didn't expect to ask her to be his slave.

Suddenly, she made a creepy big smile on her face and get on her knees. She leaned closer and spoke, "Master, please give this cock sleeve a chance to clean your dragon."

At this moment, Mike made a silent laugh in his heart. He knew, he chose the right woman for the right task. A woman that sees future possibilities than just thinking for benefits.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

(R-18)

"You are amazing." While feeling that soft tongue moving around his dragon, giving it a soft sensation, Mike couldn't help but groan. She was playing well with her tongue while sucking his dragon deep into her throat.

She sucks his dragon clean. But didn't stop there. She wanted to make him cum with her mouth. Her neck started stretching and contracting faster as she swallows the dragon into her mouth. While maintaining the speed, she kept moving her tongue, touching the tip, and making a full circle.

Each time her tongue moves, he felt a relaxed and refreshing sensation. After five minutes of blowjob, Mike pressed her head and shouted "I'm cumming."

Gulp!

That shot was so big that her entire mouth was full. While taking out his dragon, he asked "Don't spill a bit in the ground, swallow it completely! It will be a great help for you."

This time Mike wasn't lying. It was true because when he pounded Jenny's womb, the chaotic energy emerged several times. And, most of the chaotic energy entered his body from his dragon. It was obvious that most of it would be stored in his semen.

Originally, this happens in three situations with three different levels of benefits. First, it was the one-time situation when he breaks his virginity. It's not going to happen again. But it would've given the highest benefit if Mike had used Chaotic Path towards Harmony before shooting his cum.

Even though he didn't succeed, Jenny's talent did improve from C-Rank to A-Rank. That shows the worth of Mike's semen when breaking his virginity. But Jenny was full of mystery just like her father. Being the only daughter of the richest person on earth, she only possessed C-Rank talent.

More importantly, her cultivation only improved four ranks in an entire year. That shouldn't be the case even if she didn't use the resources from her family. More importantly, she didn't show any joy or surprise after the evolution of her innate ability.

But he knows she was genuinely happy and surprised. And more importantly, as the daughter of a businessman, she saw Mike's potential and sticks together with him. But she didn't know what kind of fate she has chosen.

If Mike had used Chaotic Path towards Harmony while shooting his semen, her talent would be S-Rank or higher. Second, it was a situation that can happen rarely when his Unique Body evolves. After the evolution of his unique body, whoever gets his first thrust of semen would be able to improve her talent.

And, if he uses Chaotic Path towards Harmony, there is a high chance that the girl's talent reaches S-Rank. It doesn't matter whether her talent is lower than E-Rank. That will be a big leap. Finally, the last situation is during normal sex.

It has the least benefit. But it can improve one's cultivation by a lot. And, if her talent is very low, there are the chances that it will evolve to a higher rank.

Sunny didn't understand his meaning but still swallowed the entire semen.

'It's so hot. It's so tasty. How come his semen tastes a hundred times better than other men's semen?' Sunny felt sweetness mixed with the unique taste of his semen. She didn't know that taste was due to the chaotic energy.

When it reached near her stomach, it slowly disintegrated into two parts. One part of energy part while another part was pure semen. While the pure semen entered her stomach, the energy erupted out and merged with her veins.

Chaotic Energy was a hundred, if not a thousand times better than dark energy. The moment it entered her body, it instantly evolved her normal cells into mutated cells. It didn't need to merge with other energies inside her body.

The Chaotic Energy directly transforms into mutated energy once it creates mutated cells. This mutated energy was better just like chaotic energy. It slowly flows into her core and merged with her ability energy.

One of the best functions of chaotic energy is its dilute process. No matter the talent, it doesn't take time to transform in dilute form. And, just a bit of mutated energy was enough to fill the entire core. Just like that, her cultivation grew faster and faster.

At the same time, her ability energy started trembling. The source was also trembling with excitement. The red color core transformed into the blue. And, her innate ability evolved into C-Rank.

At this moment, she felt what was happening in her body. She knew her ability has improved. The corner of her eyes filled with tears. She couldn't even stand. She knocked her head at the floor with tears filling her eyes, and hoarsely spoke "Thank you master for taking me as your slave!"

Heck! Even if he tells her to do an orgy with twenty men, she wouldn't hesitate at this moment. How many cock she can make cum before passing out was another thing entirely. Evolving someone's talent is almost unheard of.

This only happens on two occasions. One was the mysterious occasion where no one knows the reason behind the evolution just like Scarlet's. Another was inheritance occasion which is normally transmitted to the entire world.

But only luck and great family background can achieve the latter occasion. There is another occasion. But, this is forbidden. It is normally practiced by the Blood Hand Organization. And, she can feel her cultivation improving at a rapid rate.

"Do not be grateful to me! Be grateful to her and your position as my cock sleeve. As I previously said, she is worthy of being my wife while you are not. Cum that you drank was the result of our sex. But she passed out before making me cum, so you got a chance to drink my cum."

"So, if you want to be grateful to someone, be grateful to her. If I am your master now, she is your mistress." Mike shook his head and explained. He didn't explain the entire process but gave her a few details.

Why? Because he wasn't worried about her betraying him. According to Claire's analysis, any girl that is affected by his Sex Aura and pounded by his dragon won't be able to live without it.

In another word, he doesn't need to make her a slave because she already is. But, he doesn't want anyone to harbor evil intentions at Jenny. Whenever he thinks of such a situation, he felt a sharp pain in his heart.

He knew the reason behind but it is still hard to believe. Because he doesn't possess such thoughts about Lauren even though they knew each other for so long. Maybe it's because he was living in fear of sex at that time.

But no matter the reason, he can't feel the same amount of love, respect, fear, with Lauren as much as he feels with Jenny. He knew he was slowly falling for her.

Sunny raised her head and looked at Jenny with a complicated gaze. Because she felt the sincerity in his words. It's like he genuinely cares about Jenny. She can't say she wasn't envious or jealous. But at this moment, she felt a little conflicted.

This wasn't a world from ancient times. Normally, people do not have such relationships. At least, not among the humans. So, for her, this feeling was completely new. Treating another woman as her mistress was a little hard for her.

Even though she knew the difference between them. She found if Jenny wants, she could buy hundreds of people like her as her slaves.

"Alright, now you have done your job. Let's sleep! After all, your body wouldn't be able to handle my current strength." Mike saw that look on her face but didn't try to correct her. He knew she would eventually accept her status.

Although he wanted to fuck her right now, he knew she wouldn't be able to bear his strength. But suddenly, he noticed her pulling his leg. Mike stopped as he saw her squatting on her legs while showing her cave.

For a moment, it felt strange. There was a white piece of rubber instead of her. She raised her head and spoke while looking at his face "Master, I can bear your strength. Please fuck me till I break like a mistress."

"What is that?" Mike got a little curious so he squatted down. He moved his finger near her cave and felt oily like a condom.

"Master, it's Strength Suppressing Condom. Since this age has two different kinds of people, some companies have developed a condom that can suppress the strength of a person. It is normally for suppressing a male's strength. But it doesn't matter who wears it."

"It is one of the most expensive condoms that can detect my partner's strength and adjust the impact to my strength. Its core function is to give the same feeling as normal sex while maintaining the impact of each pounding."

"Currently, there are five grades based on five realms. This is the lowest realm and but it cost two thousand dollars each." Sunny face changes with each of her words. Until her last words, it became extremely lewd as she supports her body with two feet and one hand while her other hand spreads her cave wide as she spoke.

"So, master please pound me hard! Make your bitch! Mark my pussy with your cock! This cock sleeve will give you the greatest pleasure!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Extreme R-18

"Oh my god, why is your hole so tight?" Mike slowly pushed his dragon inside a tunnel of a cave. That tunnel was completely covered with a layer of rubber. So, originally he thought he could easily pound her.

But when he reached the middle, her cave suddenly shrunk and gripped his dragon from its neck. When her cave contracted, he felt a pleasurable sensation while pushing his dragon inside her. But it was getting harder which means he needs to push it with greater force.

"Hehe! Master, this is the most basic skill that every prostitute needs to learn. When you get fucked by two or three people each day, your pussy will widen a lot. But only narrowed and contracted pussy can make out consumers satisfy."

"So, we train our pussy to contract as expand as we want. Normally, virgins are the only people who need widen pussy. After all, you don't want painful sex. As for another customer, everyone wants contracted pussy to squeeze them with pleasure." Hearing his words, Sunny giggled as she took his dragon to her cave.

She was on her fours while facing up. Mike was above her while pounding his dragon inside her.

"Like you are doing right now! It feels amazing." When Mike pushed his dragon to the edge, he felt a lot of his stamina was consumed. That made him trembled for a moment. But his dragon was filled with extra sensation of pleasure.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

Once he got in, he didn't rest. He instantly pulled it out by half and start pounding her. His long dragon was hitting her womb while smashing her thighs.

"Oh---Oh my god! Master, it feels so good."

"Hit that spot! Yes, that's the spot! Pound it harder master, it can bear your power. Pound it faster!"

When Mike hits her womb, she shouted with a crazy expression on her face. Her voice was very loud disturbing two boys downstairs. When Mike started hitting her womb, pleasure and lust overflowed in her brain.

At that moment, she just wanted to get pounded again and again. Because she was contracting her pussy but Mike was still able to hit her womb in each strike. It was like a test for pleasure. If Mike can keep on hitting her womb while she was squeezing his dragon, she will go blank very soon.

"Damn Sunny! You are so tight." Suddenly, Mike felt her pussy was contracting again. At this moment, he felt even more squeezed but also pleasurable. The more she squeezed his dragon, the more it will feel like perfect sex.

"Hmmm!"

Suddenly, out of nowhere, Mike lifted her by catching her waist. His hands moved down and supported her by catching her ass. At the same time, he stuck his lips on her. His tongue slowly entered her mouth and she didn't even try to block it.

Instead, when his tongue enters her, she started playing with it. Her soft tongue was rolling and binding his tongue. At the same time, her body was going up and down as she pounds inside her cave. But it wasn't Mike alone.

She was moving her hips up and down as his dragon pounded her cave with intense passion. At this moment, Mike wasn't using Chaotic Path towards Harmony because it wasn't useful with her. After two minutes of pounding her while lifting her, he walked close to the bed and made her position in her fours.

At this moment, she was sticking her butt out. She was not over the bed. Only her head was just over the bed as her hands and knees were on the ground. In the doggy position, Sunny was tightening her cave as much as she can.

"Master, you are amazing. I am about to cum." Her face was extremely lustful, red, and sexy. She turned her head back and shouted at Mike.

"Don't cum now! Let's cum together." But Mike didn't want her to cum at this moment. His dragon was also pounding her at an intense rate while getting squeezed. He was able to have the same feeling but he stopped it.

He wanted to pound her longer. Because her cave was giving a satisfying pleasure.

"Ahhhh! Master, then pound me harder! Mark your semen in my womb!" Sunny shouted while controlling her urge to cum. But this made her squeezed him even harder. At this moment, he finally started moving at his top speed.

Being in a doggy position, he got a hard time. So, he lifted her up to her feet. He puts her left foot over his shoulder just like he did with Jenny and started pounding straight into her cave. His dragon started moving at its fastest pace.

The eleven inches dragon was hitting her womb in each pound. Only after five minutes, both of them reached climax and shouted in unison "I'm cumming!"

"Huff! Huff! Huff! Huff!"

While he stopped, he kept breathing hard. To reach climax in that situation, he pushed past his limits and kept fucking. His hot semen entered her cave but only got collected at the condom. At the same time, she released her cum from the condom.

That was pretty weird because something was coming out but not going in. Either way, he was happy because he didn't want to impregnate her. After cumming hard, he slowly out his dragon from her cave and looked at her exhausted expression.

But instead of letting her rest, he grinned and spoke "Suck it clean!"

At this moment, Sunny didn't even hesitate for a moment. Because she has gained pure enlightenment. As long as she can have this cock inside her, just one session would be enough.

It wasn't because Mike was experienced. Rather, it was because of her experience. She could control her pussy so well that both of them were getting extreme pleasure from each pounding. Seeing her sucking his dragon, he bitterly smiled.

He knew she had completely accepted her. After cleaning his dragon, she found it was shrinking slowly until it reached three inches. For a moment, she got confused thinking about whether she was pounded by the same cock.

But Mike had a different expression. He beaming with happiness because he found his little brother's size had increased by an inch. If this continues, without any transformation he would be able to satisfy most women.

"Master, I shall leave now." Sunny stood up and bowed while moving away. He didn't stop her. But suddenly, a sound came from behind.

"Stop!"

Hearing this voice, both of them got shaken for a moment. Mike slowly turned his head and saw Jenny sitting on the bed with her eyes wide open.

"Yo---You are awake," Mike asked with a trembling voice. Although he knew he had won the bet, he was still scared. But Jenny didn't reply to him. She looked at Sunny with a deep gaze making Sunny tremble. At this moment, Sunny was shaking in fear. The lust and pleasure in her face had long disappeared.

"From now on, you will follow me. Since Mike has already told you my status, you will be my slave from now." Jenny spoke in an overbearing voice making her tremble in fear.

"No, that's impossible. Although you can order her some time, she would only be my slave." Mike instantly went in front of her and shook his head. Although he didn't know her intention, he felt bad for Sunny to follow someone else as a slave except for himself.

That is Mike's mindset. If I am right, then I am right. If I am wrong, then I am still right. Naturally, he only said his previous words to make her realize her position in his harem. After all, he wanted to make her slave in a different way than that of Liora.

Because Liora had a great talent. He couldn't dominate her completely. But, Sunny was a weak and talentless girl. So, he wanted to truly dominate her and make her whole heartily flow to him.

"Why not? She is just a slave. Why can't I take her? You can ask to make more slaves for yourself." Jenny was startled by his overbearing voice and yelled at him.

Snap! "Because she is my slave."

Mike snapped his fingers and spoke while pointing out his index finger.

"Come on! Your slave, my slave, isn't that the same thing. Why are you such an idiot?" Jenny got mad as she jumped on her bed and shouted naked.

"Uhh! You are right. But, why do I have a feeling that you would do something bad to her?" Her question stuck his head and made him confused. His overbearing aura instantly disappeared with confusion.

"Idiot, who told you that? I am a woman that accepts her loss. And, answer me truthfully, even if you want to have a harem, what is my status on your harem?" Jenny shouted at him and asked.

"First Mistress!" Mike truthfully answered. Whether it is based on his feelings or system's analysis, she is truly his first mistress.

Jenny was surprised by that title. But deep down, she was very happy. She controlled her emotions and said "As your first mistress, my orders and status is second only to you. I know how you decide on your wife or slaves. If it was two hundred years ago, I would've beaten you to the pulp."

"But now,...….."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"But now, I can't do anything about it. In the current time, as long as you have strength, nothing really matters. You can have a harem, you can slaughter anyone, and you can do anything. But even so, everything thing has its own rules."

"Harem also has the rules that need to be followed. Although I am not allowed to reject any girl you choose, I can make difficulties for them. Of course, I don't have time to waste around that. But, I will still be the one who manages your harem."

"But, Harem doesn't include slaves. Slave Harem is a completely different concept. I will neither have time or idea to bother with slaves. But, I can't let anyone be willful in this harem. So, I will teach Sunny how to be a perfect Slave Harem Head."

"And, just so that you remember. I am your first mistress. So, it doesn't matter whether it is from one of the so-called Heavenly Maidens or Supreme Fairies. In this family, my words are second to only yours. And, nobody except you has the right to reject my words." Jenny walked out of bed and slowly stood in front of him as she spoke.

Her attitude and words were extremely overbearing. For a moment, Mike felt if he agrees he will look like a pathetic boy. But she wasn't wrong either. Whether it is in mythology or Emperor's harem, the first mistress has right second only to her husband.

"Okay, but you can't be harsh or unfair to anyone." Finally thinking for a while, Mike accepted her words.

"Mr. Mike Tyson, for your information, I am the woman who respects her words. It is not about the matter of treating someone good or bad. It is about our relationship. You are not doing anything small here."

"You are creating a family that can be filled with traitors. But unfortunately, I don't think there is a single woman on the earth that can betray your little dragon. But that doesn't mean they won't take advantage of their status."

"You have to think deeply about each of your actions. Remember, your innate ability can be improved. You can also improve other's innate ability and cultivation through sex. Your cultivation also improves through sex. You are like a god of sex and that means you are unique."

"Because of your uniqueness, many people will follow you, help you, and even make enemies with you. And, some people just want benefits. There aren't many people like Sunny. If she had chosen the second option, I would have killed her myself."

"You are my husband and the only person that can take advantage of you must be me. Of course, I can't stop them from taking advantage of you. But if their intentions are bad, then I would be the first person to slaughter them."

'Am I so naïve?' At this moment, Mike could only ask this question to himself. He couldn't understand why he felt fear against Jenny previously. But now, he was sure why? Because there is something known as destiny in this world.

At this moment, Claire's voice rang in his mind 'Host, I firmly believe that you wouldn't find a wife like her in an entire cosmos except for her.'

There was a deep admiration hidden in her voice. Mike could feel that. And, he knew that admiration was something Jenny deserves. He doesn't know whether Jenny would really do as she said or would she just use her authority for fun. But, at this moment, he has completely believed her.

Jenny didn't care about his expression or answer. She walked to his side and caught Sunny dragging her to the bed. She turned back and spoke while looking at Mike "Sunny will sleep with us tonight. Let's sleep!"

As she said, she asked Sunny to sleep at another side while leaving a huge space for Mike. But Mike shook his head and replied "No, I am not going to sleep tonight. I need to cultivate a little. So, goodnight!"

"When did you start working so hard? If you are afraid that you can't catch up to me within two months, then you don't have to worry about it. With your current cultivation speed, our strength will be equal very soon." Jenny was surprised by his words. She even made Sunny sleep afar to give him space. That's why she didn't understand his rejection.

Normally, with Mike's lust level, he should've drilled between them, groping their bodies and sleeping soundly.

"Was I so bad in your mind? And, what do you mean by equal? I will surpass you within this week." Mike speechlessly looked at her domineering face. He was afraid that her father also had the same domineering attitude.

Jenny looked at Mike's speechless expression and giggled. She calmed down after laughing a little and explained.

"Dear husband, you really don't understand the economy, do you? Let me impart some knowledge to your brain. A person below the poverty line will only think of filling his stomach at least once a day. A poor person just above the poverty line will work hard to get rich and have a happy life with his parents."

"An average person with average wealth will only think of getting the certificate and entering a good company. So that, he can manage a good social life and a family of three or four. A rich person will only think of improving the wealth that he/she inherited from their parents."

"As for the super-rich person, he/she will never have any motivation or will for anything. They just want a simple and average life. But the most painful thing is they can't. They have to do something that is forced by their family. Just like me who had to awaken an innate ability."

"And, I did. But my Will was so weak that I only awakened C-Rank talent. Even though, I was bathed within the dark energy every single day. I had no motivation at that time."

"Otherwise, do you think I will remain at the fourth rank for an entire year with my family background? My family is the richest family on the entire earth. I can have dragon blood, phoenix flames, genetic modification, inheritances, as long as I have motivation."

"And, now that I have enough motivation to be equal as you, do you think you can surpass me? Unless you acquire wealth one-third of my family, it's impossible."

Mike had no words to speak. Yeah, she was damn right about it. His cultivation improved by two ranks while her cultivation only increased by one rank. Originally, he would've easily caught up to her. But, she has consumed the damn dragon blood.

And, the strength she gained from the dragon blood was enough to match his Unique Ability Strength adding her cultivation. And, the dragon blood is just one of the resources that her family can take out easily.

There are many other resources like genetic medication. It is a very new concept for improving one's strength by adding different races' genes into their bodies. The gain after genetic modification is dependent on the racial gene.

Even from the system status, he could easily compare the difference between him and her.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Seventh Rank (Second Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Scarlet Brute Force- +20STR (C-Rank)

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-4)

STR: 353 (Divine Sun Body +20)

AGI: 266

INT: 277

STM: 255

DEF: 343 (Divine Sun Body +20)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+350 STR), SuperSpeed (+350 AGI), Super Endurance (+350 DEF)

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike, Howling Tiger Spear Art, Ultra-Sonic Punch, and Fire Demon-Fighting Four Directions

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green, Liora Miller

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen

System Points: 320000

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 50 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1 and Beast Taming Gas, Guild Creation/Joining Token.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'Slight Reminder: Daily Quest Setting has been changed. Host is suggested to check it.'

"Name- Jenny Flora

Age- 17

Cultivation- 9th Rank of Soldier Realm (Fifth Evolution)

Innate Ability- Raging Dark Demon Dragon (A-Rank)

STR: 723

AGI: 397

INT: 395

STM: 280

DEF: 689

Status- First Mistress (Wife)"

'At least, my agility and defense are slightly better than her if I include Unique Ability. But what if she consumes another dragon's blood? Then, wouldn't I lose? No, I must find a way to earn dragon blood. If I can't take out butter with the straight finger, then I must curve my finger.' Mike muttered and gets determined to get stronger in his heart.

"Alright, I will take a bath." Finally, Mike ignored her after suffering a bitter defeat in his mind and walked towards the bathroom on the upper floor. He was naturally walking naked. Fortunately, it was nighttime. But when he walked out, he saw the lights of Luke's room were still on.

And, there was a slight movement of air around the room. Mike instantly understood he was cultivating hard. Although Lucas was in the same room, he wasn't sure whether Lucas was doing the same. His room light was also on and they were also cultivating.

But, their cultivation was slightly different. Mike shook his head and stopped thinking about other's cultivation and walked towards the bathroom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After having a bath, Mike walked towards his room naked while rubbing his hair with a towel. At the same time, he checked his Quest Panel and got surprised.

"Daily Quests

Quest 1- Hundred Push-Ups (Reward- 1+ STR)

Quest 2- Hundred Curls- Up (Reward- 1+ DEF)

Quest 3- Sprint 10 Miles (Reward- 1+ AGI)

Quest 4- Hundred Squats (Reward- 1+ INT)

Quest 5- Masturbate* 2 (Reward- 1+ STM)

(Slight Reminder: Now Host can make his slave do the Daily Quest for him.)

Final Reward- 3 System Points"

'Wow! This is awesome. Claire, you finally did something good. With my current strength, these stats do not help too much. But still, I had to finish my daily quest. Now, that my slave can perform these quests for me, I don't have to worry about it.'

'Hmm! I think I will make these quests a daily routine for my slaves. In that case, I wouldn't have to worry if one of my slaves forget about it. But I must make it a strict routine with harsh punishment.' Mike muttered in his heart with a charming smile on his face.

But suddenly, his face frowned as he continued murmuring 'But system put Sunny in Slave section while Liora in Partner section. Does this mean I can't treat her as a slave?'

'Host, you have to remember this well. You are the future God of Sex, not the system. You decide whether you want her as your slave or partner. As for the system, it has encoded a function to reap the maximum benefits from every situation you face.'

'Liora's talent is equal to Mistress Flora at least for now. So, the system sees her in the same rank as the Mistress Flora.' Claire slowly explained in his mind.

'Okay, I understood. But, why are you calling Jenny 'Mistress Flora'?' Mike asked with suspicion.

'Host, did you forget already? You promised to fuck me till my mind goes blank. That means I am also a part of your Harem. Since I have no doubts about my unique talent. I am sure to be one of your partners, not a slave. Hence, I must respect your first wife aka 'Mike's Harem Mistress'.' Claire's flirty and matured voice rang in his mind making his dragon straight again.

Mike also got hot by her sexy voice. But soon calm down thinking about the cultivation. Suddenly, a thought popped out in his mind as he asked 'Claire, don't you think I have no clear goal? I think I can cultivate hard. But without any goal, I am not motivated enough. Should I find myself a new goal?'

'What the hell are you talking about? Don't you think acquiring thirteen Heavenly Maidens and Four Supreme Fairies are enough?' Claire's voice filled with a dumbstruck tone rang on his brain.

'Acquiring thirteen Heavenly Maidens and Four Fairies might be a goal for me. But, it doesn't motivate me to cultivate faster. Since it's not like I have to acquire one within a week or month. I can easily take my time and make Lauren a Heavenly Maiden in a year.' Mike shook his head and explained with a bit discouraged expression.

At this moment, he was having thoughts like 'I have cultivated two ranks in a single night. So, why do I have to work hard instead of groping two beautiful girls?' He was getting demotivated to cultivate like a child who has finished his first homework within fifteen minutes after eating his afternoon snacks.

'Host, you should be grateful that Lauren has a chance to become a Heavenly Maiden. And, you have a chance to acquire a complete Heavenly Maiden very soon. I think I forgot to mention this or maybe not. But, if you failed to acquire even a single Heavenly Maiden or Supreme Fairy, you might lose the system and bear the most terrifying punishment than death.' Claire's voice was getting deeper and a little terrifying.

'I do not think I will fail to acquire any woman. Even if they get married to another man, I can simply steal her. Although I hate stealing someone else's wife, I will do it if my life depends on it.' Mike spoke with confidence while looking at his eleven inches dragon.

'Host, you are not getting the point here. Heavenly Maiden and Supreme Fairy are not the titles given by the people. It is a title given by the system based on their talent. There are many chances that they will engage with someone else if you are late. There are two kinds of talent though."

'One is a natural talent, and another is destiny talent. Natural Talent is something that a person possesses from his/her birth. Destiny Talent is something that a person possesses due to his/her great luck. Lauren is the second kind.'

'She has a great destiny. But Destiny Talent is something that many people possess. And, among thirteen Heavenly Maidens, four are chosen from Destiny Talent, and nine are chosen from Natural Talent.'

'There might be a chance where another woman becomes Heavenly Maiden earlier than Lauren. In that case, Lauren will lose her Heavenly Maiden chance. And, there is another thing that the titles represent. It is their virginity.'

'Once they losses their virginity to someone else, they will no longer be Heavenly Maidens or Supreme Fairies. Just another girl with enormous talent. In this case, you lose, and then you have to bear a punishment that is worse than death.'

'In the entire universe, they can be anywhere. Now, do you understand the luck to acquire a Heavenly Maiden this quick? If you make her a complete Heavenly Maiden, the system will be upgraded. The second level of the system provides detection function.'

'This function will allow you to detect Heavenly Maiden and Supreme Fairies within your boundary i.e. your earth. If you upgrade the system to level third, you can scan within the solar system. If it reaches the fourth level, you can scan the entire galaxy and the universe in the fifth level.'

At this moment, Mike's hair stood straight as if he was electrolyte. He didn't know whether to feel sad or cry. So, he decided to do both. He felt sad at first and then cried then feel sad once again. He felt like pounding Jenny and Sunny together.

After a long sigh, he entered the room and wore his underwear first. Then, he wore a loose black track with a black t-shirt. He entered Virtual Pocket Training Space and took out dozens of dark energy crystals from the system space.

He knew he would require a lot of dark energy crystals to evolve his Innate Ability above C-Rank. Otherwise, Mad Beast Emperor wouldn't take two years to complete it. Fortunately, Mike has a better foundation than him due to his dragon.

Mike sat on the ground in a lotus position and held the first dark energy crystal in his hand. Unlike impure dark energy from surroundings, pure dark energy is a lot easier to absorb. He didn't need to do anything, just hold the dark energy crystal in his hand.

The dark energy arises from the crystal-like waves in a sea. These waves splash over Mike's body and entered his veins. The dark energy slowly reached out to his cores that were spread all around his body. One was at the chest, two at the hands, two at the legs, one at the stomach, and one at the neck.

Seven cores were infiltrated by pure dark energy. Because it directly entered his cores, it couldn't transform into mutated energy. Because it wasn't chaos energy. Since chaos energy has all kinds of energy in it, this energy doesn't need any mutation.

But pure dark energy was different. Although it could directly condense mutated cells, it still needs to merge with that mutated cells like impure energy and produce mutated energy. The only difference would be the quality and speed of cultivation.

Originally, he didn't meditate or tried to control the pure dark energy. Otherwise, he could have cultivated few ranks with those loads of dark energy crystals. He simply absorbed the first, then proceed to the second.

While he was absorbing, eighty percent of the energy merges with the core and proceed on evolving it. It didn't transform like mutated energy. But twenty percent slowly gathered at his veins. Blood circulation was regular, and blood traveled throughout his body.

One, two, five, ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, finally after he absorbed fifties dark energy crystal, his innate ability started evolving. While that happened, he speechlessly looked at the number of dark energy crystals he absorbed.

But soon, he calmed down. His Brute Force and Divine Sun Body were improving at the same time. It seemed to be the influence of brute force. No matter what, he was going to take a massive leap in talent.

After his Brute Force and Divine Sun Body reached B-Rank, he didn't stop and continued devouring the remaining dark energy crystal. This time, he used four times the amount than previous consumption to improve it to the A-Rank.

Finally, he stopped since five billion dollars were consumed in a matter of minutes. He opened his status and properly gaze at it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Seventh Rank (Second Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Scarlet Brute Force- +80STR (A-Rank)

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-6)

STR: 363 (Divine Sun Body +30)

AGI: 266

INT: 277

STM: 255

DEF: 353 (Divine Sun Body +30)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+350 STR), Super Speed (+350 AGI), Super Endurance (+350 DEF)

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike, Howling Tiger Spear Art, Ultra-Sonic Punch, and Fire Demon Fighting Four Direction

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green, Liora Miller

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen

System Points: 320000

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 50 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1 and Beast Taming Gas, Guild Creation/Joining Token.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'Well, it's not too bad either. Although eighty STR is not too much compared to my Unique Ability, it can still improve my strength by a lot. Now, I should be able to contend against Jenny as long as she doesn't take another drop of dragon blood.'

'For now, let's see if I can improve my rank with the remaining dark energy in my veins.' Gradually Mike fell into the state of meditation.

Somewhere on the northern part,

"Brother, what should we do? We can't get out like this. The Anti-Aura Spray effect will run out very soon." A trembling voice rang behind a big boulder inside the tattered building. There were two people hiding behind the boulder. One was Mac and another was Mantle.

"Shut up, you idiot! It's all because of you that we are trapped here. If you hadn't broken your bones and become useless, we would have escaped a long ago." Mantle's eyes trembled with fury as he yelled at his little brother.

But his voice was very low. He didn't want zombies that were roaming around to hear him.

"I'm sorry brother. But it wasn't my fault. It's like his fault. He was the one who injured me. You must kill him, brother. You must. Hicc! Hicc!" Mac spoke while sobbing with hatred. Mike's face was haunting him a lot.

"Idiot, we must get out of here to kill him. But once we do get out, I will kill him." Mantle spoke while showing the deep grudge in his tone.

'But, how should I go out? No, I can't go out. There are Top-Tier Zombies roaming around the building. If I get spotted even by one, I will die. If I want to escape, I must take some risks. I must go to the top floor. My body should be able to bear the impact of normal driving. So, I must take that route to escape.'

'But the problem is how to distract the zombies that are roaming inside. Each zombie has equal strength to that of zombies outside. Fortunately, the number of zombies is small. Hmm! Should I do that? Must I do that?'

'Damn! I have already chosen that path. I have already followed fate. Why am I hesitating now? Let's try it!' Thinking of this, Mantle turned his head at Mac and spoke "Mac, I will go out and distract those zombies. With the power potion, I would be able to fight for some time. Until then, you must go to the top floor."

"You only have two minutes, after two minutes I will use an invisible potion to rush there." Saying so, he spreads his arms for a hug. Mac was completely stunned by his brother's bravery. He excitedly hugged his brother and asked "Brother, do you have two invisi...… puchi!"

Splash!

Just a sharp hand covered with flames pierced Mac's stomach. His eyes narrowed with disbelieve. At this moment, Mantle spoke "Brother, you truly are an idiot. Do you think I can fight against dozens of zombies whose strength is two or three ranks higher than me with power potion alone?"

"Brother, I hope you will understand what I am doing right now. If you want to kill Mike, one of us must survive. And survival depends upon strength. So, please don't be my burden. Don't try to fight against fate. I follow fate i.e. I follow him. So, I must survive. Because fate is in my side."

At this moment, he didn't give Mac a chance to speak. He lifted Mac and threw him at the middle of the building. Mac wasn't completely dead but his Anti Aura completely vanished. The hordes of zombies slowly moved towards him.

Seeing this, Mantle drank the invisible potion and rushed towards the upper floor. Originally, the plan he told Mac would've worked if there were only a few zombies. But he naturally knows the number of zombies in the building. Once Mac's body was exposed, more hundreds of zombies rushed towards him.

At the same time, Mantle took the stairs to the top floor. The blood was dripping from his hand which was a little irregular. Although his body was invisible, the blood was still visible and it was shaking a lot.

After Mantle reached the top floor, he saw dozens of cars. He rushed towards the corner while setting those cars aside with his physical strength. When he reached in front of the last car, his invisibility run-out.

The car was painted in black. It was modeled like a sports car. This car was very unique. Its outer body can block the bullets from AZ-24. It runs on a battery as well as a dark energy crystal. And more importantly, it can reach the speed of two hundred miles per hour in just three seconds.

Mantle gets inside the car and then pressed the start button. Normally, these cars are left for the youth to survive this apocalypse like this one. When it started, it didn't make any noise. He pressed the clutch while changing the gear.

Then, he pressed the accelerator while lifting his foot from the clutch. The car picked the speed as it rushed towards the glass wall. At this moment, if anyone saw this, he would say Mantle 'Mental'. But, Mantle had no other choice.

Bang!

He bursts through the glass wall and flew out of the building. Naturally, this car doesn't have a flying system. So, when it was out there, Mantle's only hope was to reach the next building. Fortunately, the car had picked very high speed.

And, the buildings only had glass walls.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Mantle's car burst inside another building, crashing against many tables and to another end of the building. While he landed on each building, he increases his car's speed. After passing through twenty buildings, he finally hits the road.

Crash!!!!!!!!!

The moment he hits the road, he used the hand brake to make a solid drift. Once he gets on the proper route, he hits the accelerator and drove towards his destination. Although it seemed an easy ride, Mantle had suffered lots of injuries inside the car during each jump and landing. His face was pierced by few pieces of glass.

At the same time,

Near the Western Part,

There was a huge horde of zombies and vampires that seemed to have big teeth but nothing new. They were more of a Halfling than vampires. Since they do not possess the strength and the aura of a true vampire. They were normal bloodsuckers who are afraid of sunlight.

And, there were few genderless monsters. They were all facing a creature sitting on a sofa that looked like a throne of gold. He had red scales over his humanoid body. His eyes were red like a demon and black horns like the devil.

He was erupting the aura of powerful strength from his body. His hands were like a claw with big nails and feet like fishtail. His face was black like charcoal without any sign of red scales on it. He was one of the monsters from Zeon Race.

One of the top races that resides in hell. Zeon has a very fierce body like a dragon and affinity to darkness, curses, poison, blood, slaughter, and all kinds of negative energies. He looked at the zombie kneeling in front of him with his legs crossed and asked "Why aren't we getting any updates about those zombies we sent?"

"We are sorry, your highness Sixth Prince. But, we sent our army to check the situation about the disappearance of Energy Monsters only a few hours ago. Normally, they should've returned by now. But, it seems they have engaged in battle with few humans."

This zombie was a little bit afraid of the man from Zeon Race. Although he wasn't one of the humans that has turned into zombies, his status was like that when compared to the man from Zeon Race.

"Wastes, they can't even do one task properly. Ready my ride, we leave after an hour. It has been a long time since I have tasted human blood. Wahahaha! Wahahaha"

There was unwavering confidence in his face. This man from Zeon Race was the Peak-Tier F-Rank Monster. His cruel smile and hectic laughter made the zombie shake in fear.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bang!

"General J, what do you mean by you lost the contact with A-4 spaceship? This is the first time that Alkiwon Race and Human Race are working together in peace. And, I don't want my whole squadron to bear the wrath of the governments."

Inside the spaceship that was floating in space, a man wearing a green coat and pants shouted as he smashed his hand on the metallic table. He had an angry look on his muscular sandy face. He had maintained his body like a bodybuilder would do.

In front of him, there was a young man with was pale face wearing the same clothes as him. But there were some differences in their clothes. There was a badge with stars on their shirt that determined their ranks.

That young man was in his early twenties with two stars on his badge. His name was Jen Ming code name J. He was a general realm cultivator, one realm lower than the man in front of him.

The muscular man was a commander with three stars on his badges.

"Commander Tern, you need to chill down a little. That much anger is not good for your health." Suddenly, a mild melody rang behind him. There was a young man just like J, sitting on a chair. But unlike J, he had three stars on his badge. And, this young man was incredibly handsome.

"It's not like you are the one facing this situation, Commander Adam. You should know better about the consequences if the people from below would see Alkiwons. Although we have decided to cooperate, this matter hasn't been disclosed yet."

"We can't make any mistake that has a heavy impact on our future. Our humanity needs their help if we want to cross the mortal world. After all, Emperor is not a limit. We need transcendence in our earth." Commander Tern made an angry look on his face as he explained.

"Commandeer Tern, don't worry too much! Although transcending above the mortal world is hard, it's not like we don't have anyone in that realm. Mad Beast Emperor seems to have crossed the boundary of the mortal world."

"And, it's not like Alkiwons are idiot enough to appear in front of humanity knowing this is a secret mission. But, we do have to find them soon. General J, deploys most of our generals in order to navigate their position." Commander Adam didn't continue to laugh but he didn't become angry either.

He calmly explained further while giving J a chance to escape.

On earth, it was already a new morning.

Bang! Suddenly, a figure burst the doors and entered Mike's room. It was none other than Jenny. She saw Mike sitting on the lotus position while looking at nothing but air. She couldn't see the system panel. And, Mike was checking his status after a whole night of cultivation.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Eight Rank (First Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Scarlet Brute Force- +80STR (A-Rank)

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-6)

STR: 413 (Divine Sun Body +30)

AGI: 316

INT: 327

STM: 305

DEF: 403 (Divine Sun Body +30)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+400 STR), Super Speed (+400 AGI), Super Endurance (+400 DEF)

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike, Howling Tiger Spear Art, Ultra-Sonic Punch, and Fire Demon-Fighting Four Direction

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green, Liora Miller

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen

System Points: 320000

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 50 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1 and Beast Taming Gas, Guild Creation/Joining Token.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"What happened? Why are you barging in like this?" Mike frowned upon her arrival and asked. He was immersed in his cultivation that he forget about the passing of time.

"We have an emergency situation. We found few people fighting against the hordes of zombies. But, we are not sure whether to help them or not." Jenny spoke while Mike stood up. Hearing her words, Mike thought for a while and said "Let's help! Currently, whether we help them or not, the horde of zombies will arrive in front of us very soon."

"I knew you would say that," Jenny smirked upon hearing his approval.

"Don't tell me you already send Luke to help them?" Mike was startled by her satisfied smile and asked.

"Yep, it happened a few hours ago. Luke and I went to help them. We brought them back and interrogated them. It seems like the destruction that we caused attracted them and the hordes of zombies."

"These people helped us thinking they could take down those zombies. But, their decision backfired and they almost died." Jenny nods her head and made a sly smile.

Mike froze for a moment and finally shook his head with a helpless expression. But he was still confused.

"Are they idiots? Why would they fight zombies stronger than them?" Mike asked

"In their group, there was a person who could change the course of the battle. Her name is Scarlet Stagroar. You might have heard about her. She awakened A-Rank Innate Ability and a few days ago, her innate ability evolved out of nowhere and reached S-Rank."

"They were little too much of good people. They could have stayed out of trouble. But they thought we were tired of fighting all day and helped us by solving those zombies. They could have succeeded only if a mysterious and powerful zombie didn't appear." Jenny calmly explained with a trace of disbelieve and shock in her tone.

When she found them, she used her satellite to check their identity and their entire biodata just like she did with Mike. But she didn't expect to find such results. In fact, she checks the history of every interesting people she meets.

Scarlet Stagroar was certainly an interesting person possessing the seventh rank Soldier Realm. At this moment, she regretted a little for not cultivating hard.

"Well, this is surprising. I didn't expect to meet S-Rank talent so soon. Let's see what kind of girl is she." Mike made a mysterious smile on his face while walking towards the door. Jenny shook her head and said, "By the way, there are some people you previously met when you picked food and weapons from the mall."

"Oh!" Mike was surprised to hear about them. Jenny followed him as he walked downstairs. But when Mike reached in front of the group, his expression froze. While they were coming down, Scarlet Stagroar and others also saw them. When she saw Mike, her expression froze.

She stood up with a shocked face while Mike fell to the ground. For a moment, the environment felt quite difficult to understand. Suddenly, both of them shook their head denying their own thoughts. But when they saw each other's actions, they felt a little suspicious.

Suddenly, Scarlet spoke "Johnny!"

"Angela" Mike spoke

"New York" Scarlet spoke

"Los Angeles" Mike spoke

"Panda" Scarlet spoke

"Leopard" Mike spoke

"Star Wars" Scarlet spoke

"Titanic" Mike spoke

"Dubai" Scarlet spoke

"Tokyo" Mike spoke

"Brown Hair" Scarlet spoke

"Black Hair" Mike spoke

"Maid Dress" Scarlet spoke

"Black Suit" Mike spoke

"Earn Ten Million" Scarlet spoke

"Have two children and live a happy life" Mike spoke

"Ohayo" Scarlet spoke

"Bonjour" Mike spoke

............…

For a moment, silence fell on the room. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Scarlet jumped into Mike's embrace.

"Johnny!"

"Angela!"

Both of them called each other's names with a choke of emotions. There was a slight trace of tears in Mike's eyes while Scarlet's eyes were completely red.

Suddenly, Jenny felt a chill in her heart as she released a murderous aura from behind. But this time, Mike didn't even feel it. He just kept hugging her for a long time until he instantly rushed towards the upper floor.

Seeing his actions, everyone was surprised. They didn't understand what was going on. Alexa felt it so unreal that she walked to the couch and laid on it. She closed her eyes and murmured "This is just a dream. War never happened. That never happened."

Seeing her overreaction, some were surprised while some were not. Jenny also felt unreal. She found many articles calling her Cold Beauty. But she didn't show that much reaction. She knew it was a truth along with the war. But she got curious.

Because she had checked both of their identities. They are miles away from each other. Not just in the area but also in study, background, and everything else. Mike wasn't a handsome guy. He was an average guy who had just walked towards the path of Handsomeness.

Mike took her into his room and closed the door. He didn't want anyone to disturb them. After that, he kept her on the bed and kept staring at her. She was also blankly staring at him. For both of them, it was an unreal experience.

"Johnny, we took an oath to be together for seven lives. Although it was only for fun, could it be so true?" Scarlet looked at him and asked after a long silence.

Mike puts both of his hands together and rubbed them against his forehead. After a long time, he lifted his head and said "I don't know nor I care. I am just happy to be with you again."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hicc! Hicc! Me too!" Hearing his words, she jumped into his embrace again and cried. Her tears made his shoulder wet. But he didn't care. He didn't stop her from crying.

She didn't stop crying for five minutes, only then he spoke "Don't cry anymore or you will look like a gorilla."

"You look like a gorilla. Your whole family looks like a gorilla." Scarlet wiped her tears cursing him.

Suddenly, Mike pushed her into the bed and spoke "Angela, I really missed you a lot."

"I also missed you a lot." Scarlet fondles his hair while lying below him. Mike slowly moved his face closer but suddenly got stopped by her finger.

"We can't. We might die again."

"Don't worry, we will no longer die." Mike slowly pushed his face through her finger and spoke.

"You don't understand. You have a different reason for reincarnation and I have a different reason. Do you know I died twice due to sex? And, I couldn't find the reason. But this death gave me a hope to learn about my death."

"I know it is related to my soul. And when you burst so much energy, it sucked that energy and reincarnated me in this world. But while reincarnating, I met a person. That person is someone who looked just like me."

"And, do you know what she told me? She told 'This is the final chance I can give you to conquer that power. If you do not succeed, you will lose everything.' That power resides in my soul. And, it is the cause of my death. Or, do you really think you could pound me to death?"

"Although you burst energy, it never came out of you on its own." Scarlet hurriedly pushed him away and tried to explain. Her explanation made him dumbfounded for a long time.

"Okay," Mike's voice was a little conflicted. He wanted her to be his girlfriend and a part of his harem. But he was afraid, she wouldn't accept it. But, he still musters up the courage and asked "Angela, do you still want to maintain that relationship?"

Hearing his question, she couldn't speak for a moment. After a long sigh, she looked at him and asked "Jonny, do you have a girlfriend?"

"Yes," Mike didn't think of lying. He doesn't make a relationship based on lies.

"And, you are still telling me to be your girlfriend?" Scarlet was shocked by his reply. She thought he would lie or say no. But she didn't expect him to be so frank.

"Yes! Angela, what I am going to say might be a little funny or dirty. But hear me out, okay?" Mike spoke while mustering the courage in his heart. But suddenly, Scarlet spoke "That, you have more than one girlfriend and they have accepted each other. In another word, you are walking on a path to accomplish your dreams that were impossible in the previous world."

Mike twisted his neck and looked at her with a dumbfounded gaze. While looking at her face, he blurted "What the fuck? How did you know that?"

"Jeez, I was your girlfriend for so long. Do you think I will skip checking my boyfriend's room? I found each and every little dirty secret in your room. But at that time, I didn't think it would be possible." Scarlet smirked and explained.

"Hehe! It's the thing that only you would know." Mike embarrassedly laughed while fondling the back of his head. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and spoke "So, do you still want to maintain the relationship?"

"If you are asking a girl to share her boy with another girl, do you think it's possible for a normal girl?" Scarlet shook her head and answered with all honesty.

Mike stayed silent for a long time after hearing her answer. He couldn't even look directly at her eyes as he kept dodging her gaze. He released a deep breath and finally said "No!"

Hearing his answer, Scarlet merely smiles but her smile hides the bitter truth. She gave a quick thought and asked "Can you give up your other girlfriends for me?"

"No!" This time Mike directly answered her making her startled. But she quickly understood his intention and asked "But, we can still be friends, right?"

"Of course!" Mike bitterly smiled and answered.

Hearing his answer, an unexpected smile appeared on her face filled with joy. She finally stood up from the bed and said "Let's go down! They must be anxious to death by such a sudden event."

"Yeah!" Mike only smiled and followed her. There was sadness hidden in his eyes as he tried to calm his emotions. But it was hard. Sixteen years, he didn't expect to meet her after sixteen years. He is not someone like her who has been reincarnated three times.

She was his first love. And, the first love is always unique. It is hard to forget it. But he has buried this feeling for sixteen years, he knows how to keep it buried forever.

Both of them walked downstairs and stood in front of everyone. Jenny walked near him and whispered, "How did you know her?"

"A sudden and unexpected meeting at the small age. I thought she was dead but it seems I was living with a lie told by her family." Mike had already prepared a lie and smoothly answered her.

"But, I checked your entire history. How come I didn't find you visit the Stagroar State before the age of ten?" Jenny was still suspicious so she didn't let him go and asked again.

"I didn't find her. She found me. And, we had a little chemistry. Not every family is carefree and open as yours. They found me and told me that she had an accident. I was very young, believing their lies. Hicc!" Mike almost choked at her.

Although he was acting, she couldn't find a difference. He was sobbing in front of her. How could she doubt him? His voice was low, so many people didn't hear him. Except for Jenny, nobody asked Mike. As for Scarlet, she was questioned by Alexa.

But, she didn't reply. Seeing scarlet like that, Lena stopped Alexa and the room fell in silence. After few minutes, a young man walked towards Mike and extended his hands with the introduction "Hello, My name is Alan. We met before but we couldn't introduce each other."

Mike shook his hand and said "My name is Mike. I didn't expect to meet you so soon."

"Mr. Mike, thank you for clearing those monsters in this area. Because of you, we have a better chance for survival." Alan spoke while retracting his hand. He was wearing jeans and a long-sleeve blue t-shirt.

"I was just making my house safe. And, thank you for helping us last night. We didn't think we would be spied by the zombies." Mike shook his head and answered with a friendly smile. While they were talking, everyone else was silently listening to them.

"No, it was your team who saved us. Without them, we would've lost our friends. We have already lost many of our friends. Now, only eleven of us remain. Six of us are still guarding the mall while we came after hearing the sound of explosions."

"Mr. Mike, do you have any thoughts of moving out?" Alan also humbly shook his head and spoke. He was trying to make a good impression on Mike. He had his own plans and he needs Mike's help. After all, they can't hunt monsters and zombies in a large number.

"Just call me Mike. Mr. Mike sounds weird. For a week, we will try to clear this area. Then, we will probably move out. Do you want to join us?" Mike nodded his head and asked.

"Then, I will be a little blunt here. We also want to earn points but our current strength doesn't allow us to hunt a large number of zombies. That's why we got no choice but to seek out your help. After all, if we try to hunt large groups on our own, we will easily be besieged." Alan released a deep breath and openly answered his aim.

Everybody expected that, so nobody was really surprised. Mike turned his head at Jenny and Luke. After all, they are also the main part of their team. As for Lucas, he would listen to whatever his brother says. And, Sunny would listen to whatever he will say.

So, their opinion wasn't very important. Luke and Jenny took some time to think it over. After few minutes, both of them nodded their head. Seeing this, Alan released a heavy breath of relief. Mike turned his head at Alan and said "Then, we can cooperate but I have to make things clear here and now."

"Until now, your team used to listen to you. But from now on, they must listen to me. As long as my decision is not irrational, they must comply without a second thought. If you can agree, then we can cooperate."

Hearing his words, Alan bitterly smiled and nodded his head. Even before coming here, they had already discussed this. So, he didn't think too much over it. Seeing his affirmation, Mike extended his right hand with a smile "Happy Cooperation!"

"Happy Cooperation!" Alan also extended his hand and smiled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What about you? Are you together with them?" Mike looked at Scarlet and asked her. He didn't see her with them at that time but she did come with them now. So, he couldn't understand the truth.

"I am not together with them. But we would like to cooperate like them. I think it would be a good idea if we can gather more people." Scarlet shook her head but still asked to join them.

"I am sorry but we can't go out actively inviting people to join us. First, we might have our own conflict in the future. That might involve innocent people in the fight. Second, we don't need manpower that has different intentions than us. If someone actively joins us following the same condition as them, we will accept them." Mike shook his head and denied her suggestions instantly.

Hearing his words, Scarlet stayed silent. Alexa and others looked at her waiting for her reply. They will follow someone they knew rather than someone they do not. After a long sigh, Scarlet spoke "Then, I'm sorry, Mike. We have to leave. Many humans are already dead, more are dying out there. I don't think I can shrink back and stay here like a coward."

"You, who are you calling coward?" Hearing her words, Jenny instantly got fired up and yelled. But suddenly, Mike blocked her way with his arm and said "Scarlet, I respect your choice. But I don't want to go around saving people."

Mike's words struck her heart like a thunderbolt. Scarlet held back her tears and spoke in a hoarse voice "Then, we shall leave." Scarlet and her team walked out of the main door. The silence spread inside the house until a scream rang on their ears.

"Ahhhh!"

Even ten seconds haven't passed. With such a sudden scream, everyone's heartbeat escaped as they dashed out. Upon arriving, everyone's expression froze especially Alan's and his group. Alan's right hand slowly raised, and the tear gushed out of his with a scream.

"Ben!"

His foot pressed against the ground but suddenly, Mike screamed "Luke, hold him!"

Hearing Mike's scream, Luke dashed towards Alan and warped his hands around him.

"Let me go!" Alan screamed as he tried to struggle from Luke's embrace but couldn't succeed. In front of him, there was a massive army of zombies. Each zombie was standing straight without any intention to move forward.

Not just zombies, there were also many vampires species. But, most of them were humans. Since zombies and vampires were transformed from the virus spread out from the hell. This army consists of nearly a thousand zombies and vampires.

They were holding Alan's and his friend's dead bodies.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Suddenly, a footstep resounded on their ears. These steps were heavy and slowly the atmosphere changed. It was filled with gloomy, bloody, and killing intent. A humanoid figure was red scales and a black face stood in front of the army releasing a massive aura against Mike and others.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

At this moment, Mike also walked towards him with a domineering attitude. Upon arriving in front of the sixth prince of Zeon Race, Mike muttered "Sex Aura"

Bang!

Suddenly, a red aura erupted out of Mike. Unlike the previous time, Mike was releasing his aura in the visible form. Unlike his red aura, the sixth prince was releasing a black aura. But when the red aura was released, it collided against the black aura and did something extreme.

In an instant, every girl in the surrounding started falling within the power of lust. Even the zombie and vampires girls started falling in lust. Their pussies' twitches. The Sixth Prince found the abnormality in the surroundings and hurriedly looked at Mike, shouting with a hoarse voice.

"Power of Lust? How could you manipulate the power of lust? How could a human possesses such a divine aura?"

His words startled everyone. Most of the people didn't understand. Ladies were feeling terribly lustful with the aura infecting their minds while males looked at the situation with confusion. At this moment, Scarlet thought 'Lust? Why does he have the power of lust?'

'Wait a minute, did he make any ritual or contract with the devils to obtain the power of lust? It could be possible considering how average his look is. It should be impossible for him to make more than one girlfriend with his romantic ability. Maybe, he really used such power to form his harem.'

'Disgusting! How could he use such power to make a harem? How can he do such a disgusting thing?'

Surprisingly, Scarlet was completely immune to his Sex Aura. Even Jenny was reacting to the aura by rubbing her legs together and thinking 'Power of Lust! So, my conclusion was true. Mike must have a unique ability related to sex.'

'And, last night he said I am his wife while Sunny was only his slave. So, he was really using me to increase his cultivation and using Sunny for pleasure. That's it! Amazing! So, he can use the girl's talent for his cultivation. It is obvious that he needs a highly talented girl for dual cultivation stuff.'

'Currently, we lack resources. When he cleared the dungeon, Miller's family transferred five billion dollars to his account and Xylan Miller also transferred five billion to his account. And, there was another transfer done by Liora Miller.'

'Miller family must have rewarded him with five billion because they couldn't possibly send him the dragon blood which he deserved. Xylan Miller and Liora Miller were part of his team. Mike must have formed a contract so that he can get five billion upon crossing the Hell-Level from the team.'

'Both of these transactions seem feasible. Since Miller Family sent the five billion dollars earlier than Xylan. And, Xylan must be bound by contract to send another five billion. Or, maybe he simply didn't know about it. But, Liora's transaction seems to be a little off the mark.'

'One billion is not a simple amount. That's a total of fifty dark energy crystals. She must be the one who had sex with Mike inside the game. And, Mike must have used this same ability to make her fall in love. After all, he couldn't possibly stumble against a coincidence like mine.'

At this moment, her eyes narrowed as she saw many female zombies acting strange. They seem to be going against the control of someone. At this moment, a terrible idea came to her mind.

'Mike doesn't have a proper foundation like a powerful family. We can cultivate fast by using the impure dark energy from the atmosphere, but soon, it wouldn't be feasible in later realms. Then, only dark energy crystals are the source of cultivation.'

'It would be very hard to find a dark energy mine without a proper background. Even if he is Mad Beast Emperor disciple, he wouldn't get dark energy mine or something out of nowhere. My family does have many mines, but we couldn't possibly give him especially in our current situation.'

'Although I said I can get anything I want, from our family's current condition, it doesn't possible. Dad has entered the Divine Word. He needs an enormous amount of resources. And, to be an emperor, one must possess the full support of a big family.'

'Damn it! This is really hateful. But, I must introduce those bitches to Mike. With his power of lust, he can easily pull them into his harem. Each of those bitches is from the top family, possessing an enormous amount of wealth just like Liora, no, ten times better than Liora.'

'One bitch might be nothing for us, but a hundred bitches can guarantee Mike's ascension to Divine World. And, since his cultivation method is dual cultivation. I would have the chance to reach the Divine World as well.'

'But before that, I must take those three serums. Dad said just one of them can make my talent equal to that of an S-Rank. If I use all three, my talent will definitely soar. But, I can't take the No.1 Serum before reaching General Realm.'

'Otherwise, I would end up being an idiot or even die. I promised to kill anyone that takes advantage of him. But with this plan, I am the one who is taking the most advantage of him. Well, it's not like I am doing this for achieving something bad or anything. After all, I can't possibly go against my gene of a business person.'

While a terrible plan was brewing inside her heart, Mike stood in front of the sixth prince with a creepy smile on his face. The Gravity Control appeared on his hand as he slowly lifted his body in the air. Seeing this, people behind him rubbed their eyes.

"Wait a minute, when did he have the flying innate ability?" Lucas looked at Jenny with a visible shock on his face and asked.

A visible shock appeared on her face. She didn't reply instead muttered 'Doesn't Mike always thinks with his dick? How did he create an A-Rank Skill? He seems to have changed a lot. He is choosing cultivation over sex. Technically, he is still using sex for cultivation. But, he is still focusing more on cultivation than pounding me and Sunny. Did he get some sort of enlightenment?'

Scarlet narrowed her eyes and said "That is not an innate ability. That is a special ability that one can acquire after practicing A-Rank Skill to the perfection."

"A-Rank Skill?" The entire crowd shouted in shock. They looked at Mike as if they were watching a monster.

At this moment, Mike proudly raised his hand, pointing his finger at the crowd of zombies and vampires, said "Ladies, please help me out!"

His words echoed everywhere, mixed with the Sex Aura that he released. At this moment, the female zombies and vampires that had already lost their minds started trembling with excitement and cheers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Human, what did you do?" A loud voice filled with anger and hatred resounded around the city. Mike who was floating in the air looked at the sixth prince of the Zeon Race and gave him a middle finger.

"Human, how dare you?" Filled with rage after seeing his mockery, the sixth prince shoots his foot on the ground and fly towards Mike. Mike smirked and clenched his fist. At this moment, the sixth prince realized something was wrong.

Whoosh!

But he didn't care. His blood trembled with excitement, black energy reached out his fist and he positioned his hand. Suddenly, his body flew up with an extraordinary speed. Only then he realized, Mike was pulling him.

With such pull, his hand position changed. When he saw Mike smashing his fist towards him, he forced his hands in front of him making an 'X' mark to stop the attack.

"Meteor Fist"

Bang! Thud!

Mike's fist hits his arms and smashed him on the ground. The sixth prince fell with incredible speed and impact, causing him to spit out blood. But, the next moment he stood up and dashed to the right.

Bang!

Suddenly, a foot smashed on the ground where the sixth prince fell. Upon failing on attack, Mike raised his head and saw the sixth prince rushing towards him. The red blood near the corner of his mouth had already disappeared.

The black energy in his fist condensed into his muscles and skin. Suddenly, the sixth prince condensed a long halberd on his hand. In an instant, the black energy disappeared and red energy appeared. This red energy was giving the bloody vibes as it infused with the black ax, turning it half black and half red.

"Dark Blood Halberd Killing Art- Splitting Head"

Upon seeing the attack, Mike condensed the brute force on his fist. The brute force was scarlet, merged with the God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence. Even though it was only the first level, its power has reached completely another level.

Mike was already using everything that he has. Divine Ability, Unique Ability, Innate Ability, and Special Ability. All of them merged with his skill and cultivation, he clenched his fist and smashed on the air.

"Ultra-Sonic Punch!"

Bang!

When the sixth prince lifted his halberd for the attack, Mike smashed on the air. Suddenly, a dragon roared out of his fist, creating incredible sound waves. The entire atmosphere cracked with the power of the sound waves.

Boom!

When the sixth prince saw the power of sound waves coming towards him, he immediately slashed his halberd against the sound waves. When the halberd smashed the air with a great force, a powerful collision swept the surrounding.

Thud! Splash!

The impact of the sound waves and halberd smashed the sixth prince on the ground. Just like the previous time, he coughed the blood out of his mouth. And, a large wound appeared on his red scale. The sound waves cut through his scale making him visibly injured.

Just when Mike thought he got this, he saw the wound healing in front of the naked eyes. The sixth prince started healing but Mike didn't let go of the opportunity and rushed towards him.

But suddenly, a figure dashed towards Mike holding a long spear.

Ding!

Just when he stabbed his spear towards Mike, a sharp sword collided against it and stopped it. Holding a sword covered with dark purple energy, Jenny stood in front of the figure that tried to attack Mike. Seeing this, Mike nodded his head to Jenny and rushed towards the sixth prince.

Around them, the situation was completely overturned. The zombies and vampires were completely divided into two groups. It was male versus female. One of the main reasons why Mike was able to control such a massive crowd was largely due to their current identity as zombies and Vampires.

When they transformed into a zombie or vampire, they lose one major expect that makes them human/creature. A creature without any Will is nothing but a mere puppet. There are two ways to control a puppet.

Mind Control and Instinct Control. Of course, there are many other kinds of control. But, there are only two in this situation. The former can control the puppet but only to do something that their body wants or is capable of. If a puppetry master tries to make a person go beyond the puppet's body capability, it wouldn't work.

The latter can control puppets and awaken their Will. It amplifies the emotions that were lost when they transformed into a puppet. Instinct Control is better than Mind Control. The puppet that has already been mind-controlled can fight back with the resurrection of his/her Will.

In Mike's case, he is using Sex Aura to control the instinct of the females. Doing so, he was resurrecting their Will but this Will doesn't fight against his control. Rather, it fights against Mind Control. Because Will resides inside one's brain. Mind control means controlling another brain.

Only if his/her Will defeats Mind Control, Will would be able to fight against Mike's Instinct Control. If that does happen, Mike would immediately lose control. Because Mike was also using most of his Will and stamina to maintain the Sex Aura in a massive area with a weak effect.

But, until then, Mike can easily control them through their instinct. His Sex Aura can make their body crave for his cock and pounding satisfaction. And so, they will do everything he will tell them to do just to get pounded by him.

That is their natural reaction. It is quite rare but not impossible to find. Because Sunny herself possesses such power. Except, she can't manipulate girls rather only manipulate boys.

Because of Mike, the winning chances shifted to Mike's team. There were more than two thousand zombies and vampires. Now, half of them are fighting for Mike, and half of them are fighting against Mike.

And, Mike's team is winning because of Instinct Control. Since their body is now controlled by their desires, they are using everything they have to defeat their opponent to satisfy Mike. Of course, as a zombie, they were already fighting at their hundred percent.

It's just now they are going beyond a hundred percent. The massive war was influencing the entire Western Part. Luke, Lucas, Scarlet, Alan, Alexa, Lena, Tina, Lucy, Koby, everyone was fighting against their opponents.

They were choosing weaker opponents than their rank because they couldn't use a hundred percent of their strength. As a human, their body was still conserving some of their strength. This is something that separates humans from zombies.

On other hand, Vampires were completely different. They were not pushing them to a hundred percent but still generating strength higher than their rank. If Mike hadn't controlled those females, his team would have been wiped out clean.

Jenny was fighting against F-Rank Top-Tier Advance Grade Zombie. The Zombie was using a spear for the battle while Jenny was using Sword. She was pushing herself to the limit. Currently, her realm was Soldier Realm- Ninth Rank.

It was only due to the power added by dragon blood, she was capable of fighting this zombie. But this zombie wasn't weak either. It had three major expect of strength. Healing, Abundant Physical Strength, and Powerful Spear Art.

The Zombie held the spear, releasing a massive amount of ability energy into his spear. His Innate Ability was Spear. He can create, empower, and manipulate spears. But unlike the previous Sword Innate Ability user that Mike faced, this zombie only uses one spear.

And, he empowers his spear with ability energy. The Zombie stomps his foot on the ground, giving him a powerful dash. Just when he reached in front of Jenny, his surrounding changed. Suddenly, a fog of darkness surrounds him.

"Special Ability- Domain of Darkness"

When these words resonated in his ears, his vision slowly darkens. Everything was dark until a light appeared inside this darkness. This light wasn't bright like a sun rather gloomy and cold like a moon. When light entered his eyes, his brain formed an image of a dark grey creature.

It had a giant body like a tyrannosaurus. Twenty meters tall and ten meters wide. It had a pair of massive legs and small hands. Its face and tail were triangular in shape with a giant pair of wings behind him. Its body was covered with dark grey scales that looked like a block of dried wood.

It was a massive dragon.

"One Finger as a Sword"

A cold voice resonated in his ears again. The giant dragon raised its claw and lifted its finger. Just when the zombie tried to react, the finger slashed towards him. The movement of the zombie got frozen like ice by that pressure.

Splash!

Suddenly, a sword slashed the zombie in half. The moment zombies fell to the ground, the domain of darkness disappeared.

Huff! Huff! Huff!

Although Jenny successfully used this technique, it was too much for her. First, she didn't have enough ability energy. Second, her body was very weak. Suddenly, a pair of hands clutched her shoulder. When she lifted her head, she saw Mike standing in front of her.

Mike looked at her tired look and asked with some doubts on his face "You look so tired. You surely didn't fuck him inside the darkness because I didn't cum in you last night, did you?"

Bang!

Suddenly, her ears twitched, blood lust spread around her, and the fatigue disappeared. She raised her hand, clenched a fist, and smashed on his cheeks. She smashed Mike on the ground and shouted with anger and embarrassment.

"Idiot, have some faith in your wife, would you?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

(A/N- Everything in this novel is fictional. Please do not compare this with real life. And, I am not supporting or blaming anything, anyone, any culture, any race, or any country. I'm only doing this for comedy, so that you can laugh.)

Whoosh!

Near the western part of the Ethen State, a spaceship landed on the ground. It was a massive spaceship with the design of an eagle with jet boosters on the four corners. When the massive spaceship landed on the ground, a group of people walked out.

They were little different than humans, possessing dark scales on their arms and chest which were hidden by a pair of jackets. But their face was pretty much like a human. Though, a pair of horns on their forehead doesn't make them human.

Those dark horns were releasing frightening auras. In that group, there were five boys and three girls. In the middle, there was a boy walking out with his hands behind his head. There was a trace of boring expression on his face.

"Brown, what should we do now? Our navigation system and automation system failed. If we are seen by other humans, it would be a devastating blow for this new pact between humans and us." A girl standing next to a tall man with a toned body. The girl possessed a slim waist, nicely curved ass, with busty boobs and a fairly whitish-pink face, not like an Alkiwon.

Because she was wearing a half-sleeved tank-top unlike most. And, her arms were pretty human. Unlike Brown who was also wearing a half-sleeved t-shirt but his hands were covered with dark scales.

As for others, most of them were wearing jeans. But girls were wearing different outfits. One was on a tank-top, one was wearing a thin jacket, and another was wearing A-Line Boat Neck Top.

Brown looked at the desolated surrounding with a trace of doubt and spoke "This place seems to be infected with Nether Energy. It would be really troublesome if people see us at this moment. I believe this is one of the yearly battle experiences for youths."

"Although it is fairly easy and boring, it says a lot for humans who have just awakened two hundred years ago. They seem to grow too fast unlike those humans from core galaxies. As for our current problem, we have already sent the message to humans. We can only wait until they take any actions."

A man slowly walked around and turned his face towards the tall building. Then, he looked back and shouted while pointing his finger in that direction "Brown, it seems a major battle is going there. Should we go and look?"

"Nah! We don't want to get involved too much. We should stay in our ship and make it invisible." Brown shook his head making everyone sigh in helpless expression. Everyone wanted to explore the earth but Brown was still the leader. They must listen to his words.

But there was one person who didn't listen to him. His eyes were focused on the battle area. Suddenly, his eyes narrowed as a dark circular tomb reflected on his eyes. He was able to see things from thousands of meters away.

His body dashed towards the direction which left some noise. Hearing this noise of the wind, Brown's face instantly turned towards the place where that boy was standing. He raised his hand while chasing the boy and shouting "Jerry, stop! We can't interfere."

Unfortunately, he couldn't notice the fighting intent arising in Jerry's eyes.

In the war field,

"Since your fatigue is gone, help me with that." Mike didn't care about the punch even after eating the dirt. He stood up, patted the dirt from his clothes, and pointed at the sixth prince.

At this moment, Sixth Prince was a little different. The red blood was flowing over those scales of the sixth prince. His eyes changed into round black pupils without the eyes. There was a thin and long tongue falling out of his mouth. His nails were nearly twelve inches long with black and red stripes over his face.

After looking at his face, Jenny thought for a while and said "Mike, you are very handsome and very strong."

"Hey, how could you compare your lover to that ugly thing?" Mike rebuked with displeasure on his face.

"I am sorry, Mike. I can't fight him. He is too disgusting. And, what's with the tongue of his. It's like he had grown dick from his mouth." Jenny acted as if she was vomiting and walked behind Mike.

"Come on, I know that thing is disgusting and ugly. But his strength has doubled after transformation. I can't defeat him on my own." Mike pulled Jenny in front of him and spoke.

"Can't you understand a maiden's feeling? Don't you know just how disgusting his face is? Even your dick….. no, no, even your ass is a thousand times better than his face. And, you want me to fight someone that puts ass on his face. Don't you have any sympathy towards your girlfriend?" Jenny made a cute face with teary eyes trying to convince Mike.

Unfortunately, Mike wasn't convinced by her act and said "Can't you understand a gentlemen's feeling? Do you think I would ask a maiden like you for such a thing if you weren't suited for it? You are like a female gorilla that keeps me in order with violence even though you love me."

"That violence is only momentarily and artificial. But just at his face. Don't you feel like you should stand up and beat the shit out of that ass face? Don't you feel like you should revolt against the universe to ban the faces like that?"

"Don't you feel the burning rage inside your heart? You don't even need to convince your heart to be angry. Just look at that face, you will feel like the universe has hidden every single wonderful thing from you."

Jenny stood silent for a moment. Although she got angry when he called her gorilla. She didn't use violence. Her eyes trembled and her breathing increased.

"Mike! Mike!"

With these words resounding from her mouth, she gradually fell on the ground with her eyes closed. Seeing this, Mike hurriedly rushed towards Jenny and pulled her into his embrace. There was a trace of anxiety on his face.

He stood up and shouted "Everyone, let's go away! Jenny has fainted. We can't win."

Hearing his voice, everyone stopped for a moment. The Sixth Prince who was walking towards them also stopped.

Slap!

Suddenly, a crisp slap resonated in Mike's cheek. Mike slowly looked down as he found the hand that belongs to Jenny. When he looked at her face, he gulped the saliva down his throat. There was anger flashing from her eyes, she was burning like fire and the terrifying murderous aura was released out of her.

"Idiot, can't you understand what I am doing right now? I don't want to fight that ugly thing. I was just pretending to be unconscious because I don't want to fight that shit. So just go and defeat it. Didn't you say that you would surpass me? So, now is your chance. Prove your strength by defeating it on your own." Jenny pinched his ears while lying in his arms and shouted.

Mike felt frustrated after hearing her complain. He didn't understand why was she denying to fight? Finally, he took a deep breath and yelled.

"And, what do you think I'm doing here? I am trying to tell you that I can't defeat him alone. He is not your usual type of monster. That guy might be disgusting but he is still the Peak-Tier Monster. And can't you understand what that means?"

"That guy has the power of thirteenth rank soldier. Not to mention, his transformation has doubled his strength. Yeah, I can defeat that guy with my strongest attack. But he wouldn't let me use my strongest attack. I am not asking you to use that A-Rank skill against him. Just distract him with me and then once I get a chance, I will use my strongest skill."

Jenny finally got silent. Only then she realized she was completely ignoring his cultivation. Mike was right. It would be impossible to defeat him without using the strongest skill. But the strongest skill takes a longer time to get ready.

"Alright, I will help." Finally, Jenny compromised as she got out of his embrace.

"Take this!" Mike passed her a purple potion. Seeing the red potion, her eyes fluctuate as she spoke "So, you are prepared. Indeed, even with power potions, you can't get a chance to use your strongest skill without someone distracting it."

"But, we still have to be cautious. Since he is not letting you use your strongest skill, he might not have something that can counter your skill. Hence, he will do everything to keep an eye on you even with my presence."

"Well, whatever! Let's go!" Mike opened the lid and drank it. Without wasting a few seconds, he rushed towards the sixth prince. Seeing him coming, the sixth prince leaked his face with that long tongue and said "Human, as the sixth prince of Zeon. I will celebrate a feast with your blood and body tonight."

"So die!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the Middle of the Ethen State!

Splash!

A youth's head was sliced with a sharp sword. A young man stood there clutching the sword in his hand.

"You are a demon. Don't even think about approaching me! Ahhhhhh!" With a horrified expression on his face, a young man near the dead body shrieked. He attempted to crawl away but have been unable to move his leg.

With a gloomy smirk on his brownish face, the man holding the sword draws the sword near his mouth and extends out his tongue to taste the blood.

"The flavor of human blood never ceases to astound me." Upon tasting the blood, the man wielding the sword made a remark. He abruptly flung the sword to the ground then said, "But I don't need a sword to consume someone else, do I?"

When his words fell, his right hand clutches the terrified young man's neck on the ground. Suddenly, the young man on the ground changed. His body started shrinking as the muscles on his body disappeared. The wrinkles formed all around his body like an old man.

"Yeah!" When green energy entered his body, the young man groaned with pleasure. In front of him, the terrified man was already like a dried wooden body.

Thud!

The young man threw the corpse on the ground and strokes his hair while moving away. He only walked few meters away until another young man appeared in front of him.

"Harry, you are taking a long time. We are asked to escort the new member to headquarter." The young man spoke with a trace of displeasure on his face. He was wearing black pants and a black coat over a white shirt. He was holding an ancient-style book with a thick cover.

"Danny, you are not here to tell me what to do. And, I am just pleasuring myself. You know how restraint we need to be in headquarter. Instead of lecturing me, you should try to enjoy yourself." Harry made a hectic laugh with a large smile after rebuking Danny.

"I don't think slaughter humans and drinking their blood as a human is a pleasuring thing to do. I might as well spend a night with a girl for the sake of pleasure." Danny instantly gave him a cold glare and spoke.

"What can I do? We are part of Blood Demon King. Even name suggests us to drink the blood." Harry shrugged his soldier while walking past Danny.

"If you want to drink the blood of humans, how about I give you a ride?" Suddenly, a voice rang in his ears. His eyeballs shifted towards the top left side. There was a single-storey building where a young man stood with some bandages on his face.

"Ah! You must be the new recruit. I thought you got swallowed by the zombies and vampires." Harry smirked upon seeing the arrival of the young man.

"I had a rough journey. But, I was bound with his fate. His fate kept me alive and guided me here." The young man with white bandages was none other than Mantle. He was in a rough position with so many bandages on his face.

"So, new recruit, do you need your senior's help to kill some enemies of yours?" Harry gave a creepy and carefree smile to Mantle as he spoke. There was a tone of funniness hidden in his words.

"Yes, I would like to borrow your strength to kill a certain opponent." Mantle nodded his head and spoke with a killing intent erupting from his eyes filled with tons of grievance and revenge.

"Hahaha! I like your style." Harry gave a hectic laugh as he followed Mantle. Danny also followed them since that was his job.

In the Western Part of Ethen State

Bang!

Mike rushed to the side as the sixth prince came closer. The sixth prince's eyes followed him because he'd already predicted. Mike was slapped by the sixth prince's crimson tail. The tail whirled around like a whip. Mike evaded the tail by stamping his right foot and side-flipping to his left.

Jenny stretched her left leg and kicked from the other side. The sixth prince, on the other hand, swings his head and avoids hit. He extends his right hand, a sharp claw aiming for her. After she saw the attack coming, she drew a sword and blocked the claws.

Ding! Crash! Bang!

Mike stepped on the ground and threw his right kick into the sixth prince's head when the sword and claw collided. The force of the kick knocked the sixth prince to the ground. Sparks erupted from the claws and sword.

Bang!

Upon slamming on the ground, the sixth prince balanced his hands on the ground and kicked Mike like a zebra. The kick slammed into his chest and smashed him to the nearest building. After kicking Mike, the sixth prince's front flips with his hands and falls on his foot.

He leaped on-air and rotates one hundred eighty degrees. While rotating, he spreads his claw in order to slash Jenny. At this moment, Jenny didn't have much ability energy to use. She could only rely on her physical strength.

She stomped on the ground to retreat few meters away and shouted "Mike, throw fire at me!"

Hearing her words, Mike stood up on the ground with a confused face. At this moment, the sixth prince had already dashed forward with his claw ready to slash.

Boom!

Mike didn't hesitate for long. The fire energy erupted out of his hand and moved out in the form of a stream. The fire stream was fierce and long as it rushes towards Jenny. When the fire reaches her, the sword on her hand touched the fire with its tip.

Her footstep forward with her body rotating. The sword followed her body from right to left. And, the fire followed the sword. As if she had created a strange relationship between her and the fire.

"Energy Manipulation Art"

"Fierce Fire Slash"

With her footstep moving forward, she eventually crossed her sword against the sixth prince's claw. The sword covered in fire burns with an extreme heat repelled the claws.

Splash!

When her body passed by the sixth prince after the collision, her sword left a fire slash on his body. It was a deep crescent mark on his chest with red blood gushing out of it.

But the sixth prince didn't stop. He turns around and gives Jenny a round kick on her head. The impact of the kick slams her on the ground. The impact caused her to cough blood while rolling away from the sixth prince.

"Hey ugly, I am here!" Suddenly, Mike appeared from behind holding Howling Tiger Spear in his hand, moving towards him. The ability energy infused with the spear, condensing the roar of a tiger. When the sixth prince heard him, his body instantly turned around.

The darkness burst out of him, turning into few seeds. These seeds landed on the ground and released dozens of blackthorns at Mike.

"Thorns of Darkness"

Facing dozens of thorns that were sharp as his spear tip, Mike's eyes flashed with determination.

He swiftly pulls his spear and thrusts it forward. Suddenly, a giant tiger roars out of the spear. The giant tiger was just a phantom but it easily left his spear and rushed towards those thorns, slashing its claw against them.

"Howling Tiger Spear Art- Tiger's Manifestation"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The claw and thorn collided heavily creating destructive waves of energy. While rushing forward, Mike understood his condition and released another wave of energy from his spear with a thrust. This thrust pierced his tiger but instead of dying. The tiger sucked the energy from the spear.

Boom!

Suddenly, the tiger roared like a king and released all of its energy in a single slash of his claw. Though his phantom stuck on his spear and only claw released out it.

"Howling Tiger Spear Art- Tiger Breaking the Cage"

When tiger phantom disappeared with thorns. But the spear was still moving forward with powerful momentum. The sixth prince bent backward, trying to dodge the attack. But suddenly, he realized he made a great mistake.

Until he realized, Mike had already leaped on the air while Jenny kicked straight into his back. The impact caused him to fly in the air. But he had no control over his body.

Above him, Mike's fist was covered with scarlet energy. He clenched his fist and infused the scarlet energy into his fist.

Roar!

Seeing Mike preparing for the attack, the sixth prince stuck out his thin tongue for a massive roar. The roar trembled the surrounding, creating a massive shockwave. But suddenly, Mike shook his scarlet fist.

Boom!

In an instant, a powerful shockwave released out of his fist and repelled the previous shockwave. Mike's body was falling down. When Mike saw that tongue roaring out of his mouth, Mike muttered

"Ugly Creatures! Stop messing with my beautiful earth. You fuckers have turned thousands of beautiful girls into hellish creatures. From today, I promise I WILL KEEP MY EARTH BEAUTIFUL."

"Fire Demon-Fighting Four Direction- Eastern Rolling Fire Punch!"

He stretches his arm back in the same position and punches straight. While punching forward, he rotates his hand making his fire move in a spiral. Thus, the flames condensed into a powerful punch spun like a cylinder before reaching few meters away.

Bang!

The flames carried intense heat along with the powerful force. When the spiral fire punch struck his stomach, it razed his existence in the mid-air from inside and outside without any explosion.

"Who?" But suddenly, Mike felt abnormal energy dashing near him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Gravity Control"

While falling down, Mike instantly released his hands across and swept the air. Though his hands released the gravitational force that binds a huge boulder. When his hand swept the air, the boulder moved towards his right side.

Bang!

It moved towards a figure that was rushing towards Mike. When the boulder approached a certain distance from the figure, it stopped. The figure had raised his hand to stop the boulder that was pushed by gravity control. And, his hand released small yellow particles that entered the boulder.

Boom!

The next moment, those particles exploded inside the boulder breaking it into pieces. But not a single piece hits the figure even though he was standing few inches away. There was wind revolving around his body, blocking the crumbled pieces of the boulder.

'Damn! Alkiwon? Why are they here?' When Mike clearly saw the identity of the figure, his expression turned ugly. But the next moment, he gathered the scarlet energy into his fist and propelled himself with the gravity control.

His fist rotates, creating a spiral force from his flame. The flame didn't burn wild, instead carried a massive brute force. When he stretched his fist and smashed towards the Alkiwon, the Alkiwon simply lifted his left hand.

Bang!

Opening his palm, the Alkiwon caught Mike's fist without releasing an ounce of energy. The flames gushed out of Mike's fist in the form of spiraling force, but couldn't break out from his grip.

Ke-uk!

Suddenly, he pulled Mike near him and smashed his right fist on Mike's stomach. He released Mike's fist as Mike fell down on the ground.

Thud!

His Scarlet Energy and Gravity Control instantly got broken. The Alkiwon also landed on the ground. Mike tried to get up with the blood flowing out of his mouth.

"Mike!" Jenny and Scarlet rushed towards him with anxiety on their faces. But before they could reach, Mike turned back and shouted "Jenny, Luke, Scarlet, Run away!"

At this moment, Mike already found the disparity between him and the Alkiwon standing in front of him. This Alkiwon was none other than Jerry and he was already E-Rank. Just his body was enough to suppress Mike without flinching even a little.

"Humanity, we are not here to a fight."

Suddenly, a loud noise attracted their attention. Jenny and Scarlet were already conflicted when they saw that look on his face. It was full of fear. After all, Alkiwon and Humans are enemies. There is no way, an Alkiwon will let them leave.

But, when they heard that voice. They instantly became confused. Suddenly, Jenny moved towards Mike, leaving Scarlet behind. When he saw Jenny approaching, Mike yelled "Don't you hear what I just said? Runaway! We can't win here."

"Idiot, shut up! I know what I'm doing." Upon hearing his words, Jenny's face twitched and she rebuked. She slowly helped him get up while turning her head at the Alkiwon that arrived near Jerry. She looked at the toned Alkiwon who just shouted and asked "Are you sent by your race for a truce?"

Hearing her question, Brown got startled but still made a respectable bow and said "I apologize for my junior's offense. Indeed, we are here for the truce. But, due to some accident, we landed on this part of the earth. My junior is a battle maniac. Seeing someone fighting across five realms, he got excited about the battle."

"But, he was still weak." At this moment, Jerry suddenly cut off his words with a cold tone and attitude.

"Son of bitch, who are you calling weak? You are an E-Rank Cultivator while my cultivation is only equal to F-Rank. If you are such a battle maniac, why don't you fight D-Rank?" Hearing his words, Mike instantly stood up and yelled as if his previous wounds were not even there.

"Ehh!!!!!"

Jenny got startled by his words. She didn't want to make any conflict with Alkiwon. But Mike was literally cursing him. Brown and others were also disgusted by his rude words. But Jerry didn't care.

He gave Mike a deep look and spoke "I fought them. A hundred matches and never lost a single one."

"Fuck you!" Mike stuck out his middle finger and spoke "Then, why don't you fight C-Rank?"

"Ahh!" Jerry wanted to reply but the words struck at his throat.

"If you are such a battle maniac, why don't you fight B-Rank?"

At this moment, everyone's face twitched. E-Rank fighting B-Rank. It has never happened in the history of the universe.

"Their cultivation is way above me." At this moment, Jerry spoke with a cold tone. His mood was fluctuating because of Mike's words. In fact, he had never tried to challenge C-Rank. He doesn't know whether he could win or not?

But Mike's words lit a spark in his heart.

"And, your cultivation is way above me. If you are such a battle maniac, why don't you fight me in the same realm and rank?" Mike shouted at him while walking closer. He took out a yellow potion and drank it to heal his wounds.

"Good idea! I agree." Suddenly, flames of excitement exploded in his eyes. He lifted both of his fists and made a fighting stance while suppressing his realm.

"But, I don't agree." At this moment, Mike shouted at his face and walked passed by him.

"Huh?"

Almost everyone looked at Mike with a confused expression. The battle between male and female zombies and vampires was already finished. Alan and his teams were recovering together with others. They were also listening to his words while getting ready for the battle at any moment.

But when they heard Mike, they instantly fell to the ground. Jerry turned back and looked at Mike who was approaching one of the most beautiful girls from their group. She was wearing a half-sleeved tank-top with jeans.

Her busty boobs and curvy ass were turning Mike's desires wild. When she saw Mike approaching her, confusion flashed in her eyes. Mike made a slight bow with his hands moving like a gentleman and introduced him "Hello beautiful! My name is Mike Tyson. I am very much grateful for your presence."

"Ehh! Hello! My name is Alice. I don't understand your meaning though." The beautiful girl Alice also introduced herself but she was still confused by his behavior.

Behind him, Jenny and Scarlet's eyes were black releasing an intense killing intent. But, suddenly Jenny released a deep sigh and turned around. Seeing her action, Scarlet got startled and asked "Aren't you going to stop him? He is flirting with another girl in front of him."

"Does it matters? He is free to do whatever he wants. It's not like I need to be selfish in love." Jenny shook her head and answered.

"And here I thought you loved him seriously. You just want to take advantage of him." Scarlet snorted at her upon hearing her answer.

"Don't act like that you know me. It doesn't matter how many women he plays with. He loves me the most and I love him the most. That's that." Jenny got a little irritated by her attitude. After all, Scarlet is one year younger than her.

"Heh! And, you call that love. Don't make me laugh. If you had really loved him, you would have controlled him. If you really believed that he loves you the most, you would have rebelled on his Harem idea." Scarlet snickered with a gloomy face.

"Your love is not love. That's just selfishness. And, you have no idea what harem means to him. You don't even know him." Jenny shook her head and instantly disagreed with her.

"You think I don't know him? You are wrong, bitch. I know him more than you do. But, he had indeed changed a little. In fact, if it was a few minutes ago, I would've thought he was burrowing the power of a devil to complete his dream."

"But, then I looked at his history and found there is no way he could meet a devil in his life. Then, I started thinking more. He couldn't be awakened for two years. Thankfully, he awakens E-Rank this year. But more importantly, he also awakened a powerful physique related to that fire element."

"Then, I observed him even more. He was fighting five ranks above him without having any support of dragon blood or any other treasures. How? Just brute force wouldn't be enough. That means he has something else, something much more powerful."

"So, I checked his relationship list. Because he has Power of Lust. And, there is an eighty percent chance that he is dual cultivating with you and others. Currently, he has a relationship with four women. Three of them are A-Rank while one is just D-Rank."

"Originally, I didn't know how that dual cultivation works. But when I observed you and that girl's personal talk. I realized she is like a slave to you and Mike. Not just a normal slave but Mike's sex slave. But why? Why would he make someone his slave in this modern age?"

"I frowned and found something. Talent, you three possesses talent while she doesn't. And, your talent is something that he can use for cultivation while she can be only used for pleasure. After finding out these possibilities, do you what conclusion I made?"

If Mike were to hear her, he would've had his jaws hit the ground. Even Jenny was shocked by her analysis. There were many details she missed, but her end was almost true. But Jenny was curious about her conclusion. She asked "What?"

"That, you are just a slut who doesn't have confidence in herself. You think you can't take Mike to the top on your own. And, that's the difference between us. I don't need other sluts like you hanging around Mike for his dick. I believe that I can take him to the top on my own. This is the difference between a genius and a slut."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jenny clenched her hand as she felt burning anger on her chest. This is the first time she was ridiculed like that. How could she let it go? But, her cores were empty. She couldn't possibly win. So, she took a deep breath and released the anger.

A smirk appeared on her face as she lifted her head and spoke "You are right. I am indeed a slut. But, I am his personal slut. As for you, you are just an outsider. You are just an arrogant and prideful girl whose A-Rank talent has evolved to S-Rank. You are just a frog in the bottom of a well who hasn't seen the world."

"What did you say? Bitch, shut your mouth!" An angry roar came out of Scarlet's mouth startling everyone near them. When she realized her voice, her eyes widen as she tried to hide her face.

"See! You are just a young girl who lost her lover but couldn't get him back because of your pride. In your eyes, Mike's feelings and dreams are nothing. You just want him to follow your rules just because you have some talent." Jenny slowly steps forward, leaning closer to her ears, and whispered.

"Listen bitch, I am not giving him so much freedom because I want to use him or I am just a slut. Unlike you, I can see his dreams, his passion, and his future. You are just a young girl who hasn't seen the world and doesn't know how horrifying the world is."

"You think he can grow stronger on his own? Do you think just you would be enough to help him? Do you think this world will let him grow without reaping benefits from him? You think those powerful families will back and let someone from low background become the strongest in the world?"

"Girl, I don't know where you were lived previously. But this is the world ruled by strength. Even if there are laws, people's hands are only bound due to the lack of strength, not because of those damn laws. Or, do you think this kind of war would happen?"

"Mike doesn't need somebody like you who is filled with pride and arrogance. He doesn't need someone who stops him from achieving his dreams. I am giving him freedom because a man needs to decide for himself. And once, he makes the decision he needs to honor it. So, I suggest you step away and disappear from his life."

Only after telling everything, Jenny turned around and walked away. She approached Lucas and Sunny who asked her about her discussion. She made a lie and told them.

Behind her, ability energy reached out Scarlet's hands but suddenly, a soft voice rang on her brain.

"Stop scarlet! This is not the right place or right time. And, you can't kill her with your strength either. You are only making your relationship with him worse."

"Master, I really want to kill that bitch." Scarlet spoke in her mind with an intense killing intent flowing from her eyes.

"I know. And, you do need to kill her. Only when she dies, you can rule in his heart. Remember, I can't save you all the time. I used too much of energy to learn that dual cultivation of Mike doesn't belong to devils."

"Now, you are not the only person that he loves. In fact, you are in the second position. If it wasn't for the fear that still resides in his heart, someone else would have been first. So, remember you need to kill her silently. You obviously can't let Mike know about it."

"Only then, you can fully obtain his heart. As for the rest, you should be able to stop his harem with ease. And, do not forget, you have another mission. You need to acquire more energy to gain access to your soul and improve your talent. After all, S-Rank is just a starting point. There is a whole new world outside."

Scarlet's killing intent slowly fades away. She took a deep breath and spoke "Alright master, I won't make any mistakes."

While Scarlet and Jenny were discussing, a feud sparked between Jerry and Mike. Both of them looked at each other with lightning sparkling from their eyes.

"Fuck you man! She is not your girlfriend. You are not her boyfriend. Then, why are you interfering in the discussion?" Mike raised his fist and spoke with flames bursting around him.

"Damn you! It is obviously you who is disturbing her. She doesn't want to talk to you. Can't you understand Alkiwon's words?" Jerry pointed his finger at Mike's chest and shouted.

"Hell no! How could I understand Alkiwon's words?" Mike crossed his arms and shouted.

"Idiot, we all speak the same language. I meant Alkiwon's feelings." Jerry shouted

"Then, can't you understand my feelings? My earth has gone through a hellish experience." When Mike said those words, Jerry's anger suddenly faded away. Mike leaned at Alice and spoke while pointing at a group of dead females.

"They used to be the light of our earth. They used to shine our world with beauty. But now, just look what those hellish creatures did to them. From the shining holy beauty, they are like a dried corpse. And, it breaks my heart until you appeared."

"Huh?" Everyone who was growing sad by his words suddenly felt something was wrong.

"Because of you, this hellish place is fading away. Your beauty is shining brighter than their combined beauty. Because of you, our beautiful world is slowly resurrecting. And, I just want our love to be a catalyst in this process."

"We should make a strong relationship between Humans and Alkiwon. Let's start this revolution so that our relationship wouldn't be confined within few pieces of paper."

......

At this moment, everyone was silent and dark.

'What the hell we just hear?'

Everyone had the same question in their heart. At this moment, Alice's hand was held by Mike with a charming smile on his face. As for Alice, her face was completely red. Suddenly, another pair of beautiful hands caught their hands and separate them.

When Mike's gaze shifted, he saw another beautiful girl separating their hands. This girl in a thin jacket looked at Mike and asked while pointing at Jenny "Isn't she your girlfriend?"

"She is." Mike nodded his head making others fell on the head. He was too straightforward.

"And, you are asking another girl for a date while you already have a girlfriend?" The girl in a thin jacket asked.

"Can't I? I am handsome, charming, and talented like a prince." Mike praised himself and made a proud expression.

The girl in thin jacket's eyes twitched hearing his words. She looked at Jenny again and said "No, it's not about you. Although what you are doing is a work of a scum, her act is even worse. She is standing there while her boyfriend is openly flirting with another girl. Don't tell me that she is just a slut?"

"Bitch, watch your mouth!" At this moment, Lucas who was standing beside Jenny yelled with an angry expression. Just when he was about to leave, Jenny caught his hand and stop him.

"Mistress!" Sunny looked at her dark and gloomy face. Jenny clenched her fist but didn't say anything. Her head turned down with unwillingness and hatred in her eyes. But she didn't speak. Because the girl wasn't wrong.

She was letting her boyfriend flirting with another girl in front of her. Those words were heavy hitters for her. She still hasn't overcome those words from Scarlet. Hearing her words, Scarlet left a cold smirk looking at Jenny's gloomy expression.

Whoosh!

"Ahh!"

Suddenly, a hand gripped that girl's neck and lifted her. The ground beneath them started cracking and the powerful force pressed most of them to the ground. This effect was occurring at a large distance from his position to Alan's and others.

At this moment, Gravity Control was released to its full potential. The entire ground was cracking into pieces. Mike's body was heavier than hundred meters tall building. While glaring at her with a dreadful expression, Mike hoarsely spoke "Nobody insults her! Even Heavenly Maidens and Supreme Fairies are nothing compared to her. Who do you think you are? Apologize or Die!"

"Human, let her go! If anything happens to her, we will kill you." Jerry and Brown surrounded him while others were having a hard time standing. Mike's bones were slowly cracking but he was still holding on. When he heard then, his face turned at Jerry and spoke "I know you can kill me."

Jerry was startled by his words. Mike continued "But, does that matter? You are not here for war, are you? You are here for a truce. If you make a mistake, you have to bear a heavy responsibility. And, I don't care whether you can kill me or not."

"Listen damn closely! Nobody insults my wife! I don't give the damn about the truce. I don't give the damn about higher-ups. I don't give the damn about Alkiwon's. If anybody insults my wife, either they die or apologize!"

"Hu!" Hearing his words, Brown released a breath of relief and hurriedly spoke "Mr. Mike, I promise she will apologize for words. But, your gravity is influencing her. She can't speak in that position. Please put her down and she will apologize."

"Alright." Mike instantly nodded his head and deactivated his Gravity Control while putting her down.

Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu!

Upon release, the girl in a thin jacket started breathing heavily and rapidly. Everyone else in Alan's group was in the same position. At this moment, Jenny had covered her mouth with her hand with a slight trace of tears in her eyes.

'Damn! Why Mike? Why is she so important in your heart? Didn't you just met her a few weeks ago. So why?' Scarlet's nails pierced her skin as she clenched her hands. Her heart was completely broken, and tear drops fell from her eyes.

But, she wiped them soon and muttered "I don't care how much you love her. I don't care what kind of shitty dream you have. All I care about is my love for you. Yes, I am selfish. But I am qualified to be selfish. So, Mike, I am going to kill her and definitely stop your harem."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I apologize for my rude behavior." After a few minutes, the girl in a thin jacket stood up and apologized with a slight bow.

"I am not the one you should be apologizing. She is." Mike pointed his finger at Jenny who was slowly approaching them. When she heard Mike's words, her movement froze. The girl in a thin jacket also froze for a while but still apologized "I am really sorry. I shouldn't have spoken those words."

"Haha! Don't mention it! After all, it's my fault for not controlling him." Jenny shook her head as she approached Mike and cling to his arms. But suddenly, her expression froze for a moment.

"Hey, don't say that. If you try to control me, how can I flirt with other girls?" Mike made an innocent expression and spoke.

"Bang"

"Shut up!" Jenny gave him a deathly glare while stomping on his foot. But hurriedly she realized her mistake and turned around with Mike. But before leaving, she turned back at Alice. She took out a card from her dimensional ring and gave her "This is his number. You can confess him at any time you want."

She also winked at her and then looked at Brown "You should leave first. I don't think other humans would be happy to see you guys here."

(A/N- Jenny's voice is like Nami from One Piece)

Saying so, she dragged Mike who was on the verge of collapsing.

"She is right. We should leave." Brown took a deep breath and spoke. Others nodded at his words and turned around. Suddenly, Jerry spoke "Hey Brown!"

Brown turned back while Jerry continued "That guy was really going to kill Nero, isn't he?"

Hearing his words, the girl in a thin jacket got frightened and started shaking with fear. Brown released a deep breath and said "Of course he was. If it wasn't for something that changed his mind, he would've broken her neck."

"Why was he so stupid? He knows if he does that I would've killed him." Jerry looked at Mike's whose muscles were slowly tearing apart and blood was gushing out. He could clearly see Mike's condition from a glance.

"That's what you call love, idiot." Finally, they slowly walked away. Alice helped Nero who was still shaking in fear.

"Brown, have you ever loved someone?" Jerry asked while walking away.

"Yeah, but she doesn't love me." Brown nodded his head with a bright smile on his face.

"Huh! How is that love? Isn't love a relationship between male and female?" Jerry asked in a confused tone while looking at Brown's face. He couldn't understand why Brown was smiling so brightly.

"The love you know is just a trade. True love is freedom. When you truly love someone, you don't expect to be loved back. That is the love I know. Hahaha!" Brown laughed while imagining an image of a beautiful girl in his mind.

"Are you sure that you call this love not because you got rejected by her?" Jerry looked at him with an innocent tone and asked.

"Of course not, you idiot. I haven't even confessed to her. I think I am still not strong enough to bear the responsibility of her." Brown spoke with a deep thirst for strength in his face.

Jerry looked at his serious face and asked "Hey Brown!"

"What is it?" Brown asked

"If I help you get stronger, can you...…. Can you teach me how to love someone?" For a moment, everyone froze.

"Alice, I told you not to make that wine. All of us are drunk now." Brown completely ignored Jerry and yelled at Alice.

Gulp!

Alice swallowed her saliva and shuttered "So—rry Brown! I will not make anything like that ever again."

"Geez! That wine sure was hard. I thought I could drink any kind of wine without getting any fuzzy but I was wrong. That wine is surely messing with my hearing." Brown released a deep sigh and spoke.

"Brown, DON'T ACT IN FRONT OF ME!" Jerry lifted his leg and smashed on Brown's feet.

"Ouch! Cold-type guy, you are confusing us with your words. How could you expect to believe those crazy words? Ahh! Technically, these words are pretty common. But, it's not freaking common coming from your mouth."

"You spent your entire childhood in training even though your talent was way above all. So, how could you expect to believe what you just said?" Brown looked at his seriously pissed-off face and shouted.

"Because those words literally came out from my mouth." Jerry clenched his fist, raising them with angry expressions, and shouted.

"For your information, I was not looking at your face. And, don't you know seeing is believing? But even if I saw those words coming out of your mouth for the first time, I wouldn't believe it." Brown rebuke but he didn't show an angry expression. He instantly changed into gentlemen, calm and compose.

"Brown, would like you to eat my fist? Because if you want, I can shoot thousands in your mouth." Jerry got more and more pissed with his words. His fist veins trembled with anger and blood boiled.

"I'm really sorry but I am not fisttarian." Brown took a step back and shook his head in a composed stance. But his expression changed slightly as he asked "But, I don't understand. Why would you be so interested in love all of sudden?"

Hearing his question, Jerry's expression sank as he buried his head down. After a short silence, he spoke "Because I felt a strong sense of jealousy when I saw what he did. When he looked at me from the beginning to Nero's interruption, he was trying to avoid me. I could see fear in his eyes. If you compare two points when he talked with me during our first interaction and when he talked to me while holding Nero."

"You can say the former interaction was purely based on intellect while the latter interaction was purely based on feelings and Will. But between these situations, he was much more dangerous and powerful in the second one. I just don't understand why?"

"Hush!" Brown released a long sigh after that he got silent. Everyone walked towards the spaceship

...............…

"Are you going to answer me or not?" Until they reached the spaceship, nobody spoke. Finally, Jerry lost his patience and shouted.

"You are really an impatient one, aren't you?" Brown sighed again and turned at him. Suddenly, his face straightened with a serious expression as he spoke "It's the power of love."

"Don't give me crap like that! Every power has its own source. I don't understand love but I know it's just a feeling that you can have for something or someone." Jerry's eyebrows twitched as he shouted.

"Alright, alright! Don't get violent! I will tell you the reason but you have to promise me something." Brown made a helpless look but soon changed into a composed expression like a gentleman and spoke.

"What is it?" Jerry asked

"Give me Taylor's personal number." Brown leaned near him and whispered in his ear.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

"Ahh! U cn't bt me lk ts (You can't beat me like this)." After a series of punches, Brown stood in front of Jerry with a swollen face. There were several potatoes wounds grown on his head. This was the only situation where potato grows above something.

"If you dare to have dirty thoughts about my sister, I will beat the crap out of you." Jerry raised his fist and spoke with a frightening tone. In his family, the person he loves most is his sister. Then, his mother and finally his father.

Father POV 'Bastard, I am one of two important factors of your birth. Why am I at the last place?'

Alice and Nero's POV 'Jerry really loves his sister the most, doesn't he? Unfortunately, she is blood-related and he is a complete fool about love. There is no way they will together.'

Alkiwon's Boys POV 'Thank you very much, Brown! If it wasn't for you, Jerry would've slaughtered us. Thanks for your sacrifice. This made us realize never to hit the idea on Taylor.'

............…..

"Alright, since you want to know why that guy gave you such a dangerous feeling, I will tell you. Still, you will eventually learn more about it." After few minutes, Brown wounds completely disappeared and he sat on a broken boulder.

Others settled around him. He gave them deadly frightening eyes and spoke "What I am about to tell you might shock you but it is true. Ten Million Years ago, Universe was just a normal world where creatures were unaware of other races throughout the universe. For them, one planet was an entire world."

"Until a group of people rose from adversity. This adversity was none other than the army of another universe. It said that there was a huge chunk of Primordial Chaos Energy Core between two universes. These people are the reason why we were able to evolve."

"These people fought against the creatures from another universe, took the Primordial Chaos Energy Core at the center of the universe, and scattered it. Once the universe evolved by the Primordial Chaos Energy, they established rules and cultivation realms for other evolved creatures to follow."

"But, they soon found the difference in our universe and their universe was massive. Even though these people could fight against them, everyone will be slaughtered if all people from another universe arrive here. That universe had a hundred times more population than ours."

"This is why they developed Ascending to Godhood. This game is not just a normal game. In fact, even with our racial authority, we have only unlocked sixty percent of its features. As for the humans from earth, they only have forty percent authority; EXP and Status Function, Inventory Function, Quest and Dungeon Function, and Guild Function."

"Don't you find it a little strange why they have forty percent authority even though they just awakened two hundred years ago? Not to mention, they haven't made a huge contribution to the universe. Actually, it's not hard to guess. This is the same treatment that you get from the family."

"Geniuses are treated with respect while common people have to earn it. But, what exactly makes them so special? Is it innate ability? No, because the highest rank they can awaken is measly an S-Rank. So, what makes them special?"

(A/N: So, what makes them special?)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I don't know. They seem to have a high rate of reproduction. Maybe that's the reason since our universe's population is so less. Most of the humans that I have seen are either generous, greedy, evil, good, lazy, hardworking, rich, poor, strong, and weak. I don't know what makes them so special. There are many good or bad qualities in a single human." Jerry thought for a while and answered.

He tried to think of the reason, but nothing came to his mind.

"What you said are the qualities of the humans, right?" Brown smirked and asked.

"Uh-huh!" Jerry nodded his head with confusion.

"Then, you are completely wrong." Brown shook his head and his words startled everyone. When they give him a straight gaze, he spoke "Humans are nothing special. They aren't greedy, generous, evil, good, lazy, hardworking, rich, poor, strong, and weak. They are just innocent."

"Of course, that innocence fades away as they grow up. Unlike them, we are born with the blood of conquerors. The moment we are born, we just want to conquer. You might find it a little stunning but have you ever shared something that belongs to you to others or ask something from others?"

When his words fell, everyone shook their head without thinking too deep.

"Of course, that doesn't mean we don't take care of each other. We just have Will to conquer. Humans aren't born with anything like that. They are just an innocent creature who changes with time. And, during that time, what qualities they will have would be determined by their Will."

"When I told you that we possess the Will of a Conqueror, I meant it in a different logic. To clarify this logic, let me ask you a question. The Will of a Conqueror, is it your Will or is it your ancestors Will?"

Upon questioned by him, everyone stayed silent. They swallowed their own saliva and tried to think of a reason. But what was true? What was false? They didn't know.

"I don't really know. I have been focused on training that I have never really cared about." Jerry answered after thinking a lot.

"I knew you would say that. And, I don't want to answer this for you either. Let me ask you another question. Do you know Gabriel?" Brown asked as he shook his head.

"Are you talking about Gabriel of our family?" Alice asked with confusion.

Brown nodded his head.

"Of course, we know him. He is the strongest among the younger people. Although his talent is lower than Jerry, he is stronger in strength. I don't know why though?" Alice answered with an excited expression. Stars were shining in her eyes.

"Because he has his own Will," Brown answered with straight eyes and a deep tone. But when he saw the confusion on their faces, he sighed and explained "Will is something that everyone possesses. But our Will is not original. It is inherited, Will."

"There are lots of people with inherited Will. But humans are different. They do not possess inherited Will, at least not in normal occurrence. Whether it is Original Will or Inherited Will, both are just Wills. And just Will is not enough to be special, right?"

"There are countless humans in the universe but the humans from the earth are much more special. Why? Many people have this question in their hearts. But only a few can answer them. Humans awaken Will, it is not an abnormal occurrence. But when a human successfully manifests his Will, that's a completely different story."

"Will is the desire of someone to achieve something. It can be dreams, goals, or love. Will allows us to struggle hard to achieve what we want to achieve. Even so, not everyone can awaken their Will. Once they succeed, they can improve their mentality to achieve their dreams."

"In simple words, Will only affects your mind. But, when a person manifests the Will in the form of a Spirit, they can completely change the concept of cultivation realms. But only a few people can succeed in manifesting their Will into the spirit. Gabriel is one of them."

"And, it is very rare. But, there is a reason behind its rarity. You see, normally original Will can only be manifested into Spirits. Although there are rare occurrences where Inherited Will is manifested into Spirit, that's very rare."

"And, most of the races runs in a hierarchy system. This means you are not allowed to marry outsiders. You are not allowed to follow an outsider's culture and beliefs. And more importantly, you are born to contribute to the race."

"These restrictions completely wipes out people's desire to achieve something. Of course, I am not talking about the desire that has been passed down from the ancestors. I am talking about your original desire that has been wiped out during your childhood by our family beliefs and culture. Gabriel is a person who has successfully overcome ancestor's Will by his own Original Will."

"And, humans from the earth aren't something with ancestor's blood. Most of them have awakened their Will. Though not many have manifested their Will, it doesn't matter. They still have ten or twenty times larger number of people who have manifested Will than other races."

"They are just like those first people from millions of years ago who had Manifested Spirit to fight against the creature from another universe."

"Two hundred years ago, we lost fifty thousand people against them. But, just think about this situation clearly. Those weren't ordinary people. They were trained Commanders (D-Rank) and Kings (C-Rank). And our enemies, they were ridiculously ordinary humans who have just awakened their innate ability."

"Don't you think it is ridiculous that they defeated our army? A single commander can kill millions of ordinary humans who haven't cultivated their stamina. And more importantly, they can't kill him with their innate ability or weapons."

"Although those armors and various weapons were useful, they were still not enough. If you want to know why they lost, then this is your answer. They awakened their Will and Manifested into Spirit. Combined Spirit with their innate ability and killed our army."

"Of course, only those people who were well trained in army or boxing could awaken their Will and manifest into Spirit. For ordinary people, it was still impossible. But many people didn't learn about the reason until an incident that happened fifty years ago."

"Humanity from earth faced another large threat from different races. It was no longer limited to C-Rank and the numbers weren't less either. At that time, ten emperors faced off against a Half-Saint (A-Rank). And, they won. Can you believe it?"

"Even if hundreds of Emperors are combined, they can't defeat a Half-Saint. It's no longer a realm difference. It's an entire world difference. Emperor resides in Mortal-World. Half-Saint Transcendence mortality and enters the Divine-World."

"It's like a battle between mortals and gods where mortals become the winner. Only then, the universe learns about these people. Most of them are still unknown but I believe you have heard of these names. David Flora, head of Flora Family and the leader of Revolution, Mad Beast Emperor, and Blood Demon King."

"These people are the most renowned people from the earth. who has practiced Spirit." Then, Brown turned his head at Jerry and spoke "Blood Demon King is also your potential enemy. He is from the younger generation and is known for his cruelty. Because of his talent, he has fifty percent of authority inside the Ascending to Godhood."

Hearing his words, Jerry stayed silent for a long time. Although his fighting intent was burning up, he still felt confusion in his head. After few minutes of silence, Jerry lifted his head and asked "Brown, are you going to teach me how to love someone or not?"

Thud!

Suddenly, everyone fell to the ground. When they stood up, everyone shouted "Are you still going about that? Don't you think we should learn more about Manifestation of Spirit?"

"I don't need it." Suddenly, Jerry shouted and stood up. His action made everyone startled. With a serious expression on his face, Mike spoke "I don't have Will that can surpass my ancestor. But I have talent. And, that's all I need. I am going to surpass my ancestor in cultivation and create my own Will."

"Hehe!" Brown chuckled hearing his words. Everyone's expression changed. They had a helpless smile on their face as they looked at Jerry with admiration and awe.

"So Brown, how can I know that I love someone? After all, I also love my sister, mother, and ... father." Jerry turned back and asked with a silly mischievous smile on his face.

"Jealousy and Love. These two things can really change a person's personality." Brown sighed after seeing an enormous transformation in Jerry. After all, it is completely new for a cold-type hard-working youth to make silly and mischievous smiles.

On another side,

"Luke, this time let's settle our feud. After killing you, I will kill that bastard with my own hands." A young man stood in front of Luke and spoke with a cruel smile on his face.

"Unfortunately, you are not good enough." Luke slowly unsheathes his sword and spoke without any trace of emotions on his face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Half an hour ago

"Hey, are you alright?" Jenny asked while supporting Mike in her arms.

"Cough! Cough! I ----- will be fine." Mike coughed out blood while walking towards his room.

"Hey Mike, are you hurt anywhere?" Lucas approached him with an anxious expression on his face.

"Whaddd (What) do you think?" Mike's breathing increased as he turned his at Lucas and spoke. His entire body was aching in pain.

"Fuck! This is freaking painful." Mike cursed while gritting his teeth in agony. His bones were cracked and his entire body was bleeding. His stamina was going down. He was barely standing on his feet and for that, he needed Jenny's support.

"Mike, drink this Health Potion!" Jenny took out a yellow bottle from her dimensional ring and gave him.

"Hu! Hu! Hu! It will take a long time. Ahhhh! Just put me in bed! I have something better than Health Potion." Mike pushed her hand and shook his head. But each movement increases his pain.

"Alright!" Jenny nods her head and takes him to the bed. After Mike lies on the bed, the Healing Lotus starts healing his body. After Mike took the Healing Lotus, it is now inside his central chest core. The healing energy released by the Healing Lotus started healing his bones and muscles.

At the same time, Mike muttered 'Claire, buy Golden Buddha Kong Body Divine Ability!'

'Claire, integrate Space Essence into my body! I might not have access to dragon blood but I will do everything to improve my strength.'

'So, Claire, tell me how to improve my strength?'

"If you want to improve your strength, then you must complete some quests." Claire giggled in his mind as a blue system panel appeared in front of his eyes.

"Special Quest- Comprehend Slaughter Spirit

Description- Burning rage inside your heart, thought of killing masses. Nobody can escape death, so please send them to hell. Awaken your Will to slaughter, manifest the Will, and form the Spirit of Slaughter.

Time- One Week

Rewards- Perfection of Golden Buddha Kong Body First Stage, Perfection of Void Killing Sword Heart Law First Stage, and Fighting Spirit Awakening

Punishment- Destroying God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence and Cultivation dropped to zero."

"So, would you like to take this task, Host?" Claire's bewitching voice rang on his mind making him fall into deep thought.

'Claire, I don't even know much about Will and Spirit. How can I comprehend Slaughter Spirit?' Mike asked in his mind.

"Host, What if First Mistress might get raped and killed tomorrow? What will you do?" Claire asked.

"I WILL NEVER LET THAT HAPPEN." Upon hearing her words, Mike's mind turned blank for a moment. After that, he shouted with flames of anger burning in his eyes. The God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence trembled inside his cores, trying to get out.

"Mike, what happened?" Mike's voice startled Jenny who was recovering near her. She hurriedly ran towards him and asked. Suddenly, Mike caught her shoulders and spoke "I will never let anything happen to you, understand?"

"Huh!" Jenny stood there with a dumbfounded look on her face. While the blood lust and rage vanished from his eye. Mike instantly laid on the bed, with the blush on his cheeks, and muttered 'Oh god! What did I just say? And, why did I get so angry?'

'More importantly, this is not the first time. When that girl insulted Jenny, the same anger was boiling in my blood. That much anger. How can I get so angry? I don't understand. Claire, what is happening to m,e?'

The more he thinks, the more embarrassed he feels. This type of situation only happens when someone very close to him gets hurt like his mom. He almost losses his mind. But, he couldn't understand, why was the same thing happening with Jenny around?

"Host, do you really think God of Sex is all about dual cultivation and Harem? God of Sex might be a scumbag but he also has a heart. And, only one person rules in his heart. Love is a coincidence. And, the coincidence creates love. It needs time to grow. But once it is sowed, it is sure to grow." Claire's voice rang in his mind.

'But, how is that possible? I never felt this way with anyone else than my mom. Not even Lauren or Angela (Scarlet) made me feel this way. So why her?' Mike asked with confusion. He didn't know why but he was very excited to learn more about it.

"Host, let me ask you a straight question. What was your biggest fear?" Claire asked.

'My biggest fear...…. It was death during sex.' Mike gulped his saliva and answered.

"And, who helped you overcome it?" Claire asked

'…..It was Jenny.' Mike couldn't help but answer her with a low tone as if he was slowly understanding something.

"When you were living with deep fear in your heart, she helped you overcome it. Even though she didn't say anything philosophical or admirable, she still gave you her first time. In this stage, you will have one of two feelings in your heart. Respect and admiration for male, and love for a female."

"Mistress was female, and deep down you had already started liking her. The more you get to know her, the more your love grew. Until she completely supports you to achieve your dream, you had completely fallen in love with her. But all of this was nothing but a mere coincidence."

"Your first love was supposed to be Lauren. You were supposed to have sex with her for the first time. Your chaotic sperm was supposed to improve her talent and make her Heavenly Maiden. As for the rest, I can't say because nothing will happen as it was destined."

"Everything changed. You had sex with Mistress Jenny. You fell in love with her. She supported you and everything changed. Lauren couldn't become Heavenly Maiden. Host, you might feel someone is controlling your destiny. But let me remind you, your destiny has already been altered by someone."

"And, that person is none other than Jenny Flora."

'So, I truly loved her. So, coincidence can also become love huh!' Suddenly, a bright smile appeared on his lips. Out of nowhere, Mike started laughing.

"Hahaha-Hahaha-Hahaha-Hahaha"

"Idiot, why are you laughing?" Jenny who was blushing suddenly got disturbed by Mike and yelled at him. But he didn't stop. Seeing that, a beautiful smile appeared on her lips.

When Mike looked at her beautiful smile, his laughter stopped. He also smiled and said, "Jenny, your smile is really beautiful."

"Wow! You actually learned how to flirt properly." Jenny made her lips in the shape 'O' to indicate her shock. But, the laughter accompanied her shock turning it fake.

Bang!

"What's happening?" Mike shouted after hearing the voice noise. Suddenly, his house started shaking frantically. Mike instantly stood up from the bed and rushed outside.

"Who dares to mess with my house?"

Upon arriving outside, Mike shouted towards the sky. His voice was very loud enough to tremble the rocks and pebbles nearby. The anger flashed on his face, as his mouth was wide open. Mike turned his head down and looked in front of him.

"Who are? Mantle, you dare to appear in front of me." When Mike tried to ask them, his gaze fell upon a youth standing at the corner. In an instant, powerful flames erupted out of him spreading all around as he dashed towards Mantle.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, a figure appeared in front of him. He was wearing a yellow t-shirt suited with his brownish face. He had a sword sheath on his waist. But the sword was already in his hand. He was none other than Harry.

Upon seeing Harry's sword, Mike released his scarlet essence coating his fist with flames and empowering them with brute force. He raised his fist and smashed at the sword.

Bang! Crack! Crack! Crack! Boom!

When both collide, an intense wave of sharp energy shattered the ground in half. Countless boulders were broken and after the flames erupt, an explosion shook the entire place. Harry retreated near Mantle and Daniel while holding the sword in his hand.

He turned his head at Mantle and said "Hey newcomer, you really made one hell of an enemy. You can't cope with his strength with your cultivation. But don't worry, as your senior, I will definitely finish this job."

Whoosh!

Without waiting for the answer, Harry dashed towards Mike. Mantle clenched his fist with anger gushing out of his eyes. Daniel noticed it and spoke "Don't let anger swallow you! Sometimes, you can't do what you want to do. Sometimes, you became helpless in a situation like this. But, don't let that stop you."

"You can't fight him now. But that doesn't you won't be able to fight him in the future. He is very strong. So, you need to get stronger."

Hearing his words Mantle stays silent for a few minutes and finally spoke "How strong is he?"

"Pretty much strong as a thirteenth rank soldier!" Daniel spoke with a serious expression on his face.

"Will Harry lose?" Mantle asked

"No, he'll still win." Daniel made a smirk as he glanced at Mike's and Harry's collision. But his eyes turned around as he saw Jenny, Scarlet, and Luke coming.

"Your name is Mantle, right? Just hold that guy until I finish those two girls." Daniel spoke dashing towards Jenny and Scarlet. Mantle stood there, turned back at Mike, and muttered "I regret not killing you sooner. But for now."

Then, he turns his head at Luke and continued "I will kill him to make you suffer."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Boom!

The stream of flame surges out of his feet, giving him a powerful boost in speed. The ground beneath him exploded as he dashed towards Luke.

Luke also got the intention of Mantle and stomped his foot on the ground. His ninth rank soldier realm was revealed when he dashed towards Mantle. He held the sword in his hand and stabbed it towards Mantle.

"Roar of Dragon's Sword"

The moment the sword pierced the air, his ability energy erupted into his sword. The dragon resonated from the sword and the sharpness of the sword increased. When the roar came out in the form of a dragon, the sharpness of the sword covered the entire body.

"Wall of Flames"

Suddenly, the flame spiraled around him turning into a huge cylinder of flame. But, the Mantle spreads his arms followed by the cylinder of flame. It opened from the backside and slowly changed into a thick wall of flame.

When the wall was completed, Mantle pushed his arms on the wall of flame to support it.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Splash! Splash!

'Damn! How could this guy reach the ninth rank in such a short time? Even with his help, I barely reached the eighth rank. Can I even defeat him?' When the dragon collided against the wall of flame, it exploded into pieces, accompanied by a wave of sound.

Unlike normal sound waves, this one was made with the sharpness of a sword. The sound wave carried hundreds of small swords sharpness, piercing through the wall of flame. But only part of it successfully reached the other side, piercing Mantle's skin.

The blood gushed out mantle as he doubted his own progress. But suddenly, a powerful determination rose from his eyes as he murmured "No, I can't be defeat here. How can I lose to someone like him? My fate has changed. So, I must change myself."

"He is a demon, right? Then, I will become a devil."

Bang!

Suddenly, Mantle kicked his feet on the ground and rose up in the sky. When he rose up, he covered his body with a thick red flame. This flame was slowly sunk inside his body, reaching out to every cell in his body.

"What is he doing? Why is he sucking his own flame?" Luke was calm against Mantle since he believed in his realm and innate ability. Both of them were one level higher than Mantle. So, he patiently waited.

"Oh! He is going for that." Harry swings his sword and slashed it at Mike as he saw Mantle's action. Thick green energy released out his hand in a crescent shape, dashing towards Mike.

"Ultra-Sonic Punch!"

Mike condensed the brute strength on his fist and smashed on the air. The ripples of air emerged followed by the shrilling cry of a dragon. The sound waves coming out of his fist head straight towards the crescent slash from Harry for a collision.

Boom!

"Good boy! He has only joined the family for a week and he has already mastered the basics." Daniel glanced at Mantle's whose flames had completely compressed inside his body. But suddenly, he felt something was wrong.

The bloodlust and screams of thousand ghosts were emerging from Mantle's body. The entire surrounding turned gloomy filled with evil laughter. At this moment, Daniel's eyes widen "How could this be possible? How can he awaken Will when he is already under Demon King's rule?"

"No wait, he is not going against Blood Demon King's Will rather awakening something that complements Blood Demon King's Will. Is this the reason why he was chosen even though his talent and background were complete trash?"

"Blood Demon King's requirements are Talent or Background. He can improve one's talent as long as they can support him financially. Otherwise, his first priority would be Talent. I was wondering why this boy got chosen by him. So, this is the reason huh! I guess, Blood Demon King really likes to bring geniuses under his leadership."

"Still though, I don't think he can manifest the Will properly. This fight will decide whether he is good enough or not." Daniel murmured in the low voice. But his face was flashing with excitement and amusement.

At this moment, the flames around Mantle's had completely disappeared. His body has compressed the flames and his heartbeat was pounding hard. Mantle looked at Luke and said "You and that bastard used to bully me and my little brother. Why? Just because you were jealous?"

"Your family were a group of trashes. They were barely feeding themselves. So, when you saw someone living a better life and showing off their wealth, you two started retaliating using your strength. But now, I no longer hold the grudge about something like that."

"Now, I hate you guys because I had to kill someone precious to me just to live and kill you. But I also have to thank you. Because of you, I was able to awaken the devil hidden inside of me. I will use the power that this devil has bestowed upon me to clear that grudge."

"Luke, this time let's settle our feud. After killing you, I will kill that bastard with my own hands." Mantle slowly landed on the ground and spoke.

"Unfortunately, you are not good enough." Luke slowly unsheathes his sword and spoke without any trace of emotions on his face. He held his sword tight because he felt Mantle's strength has changed.

"Then, you shall see whether I am good enough or not." Mantle spoke with a cruel smile on his face. His eyes hid the killing intent. And, slowly the flames burst out of his body. But this time, it was no longer a red flame rather a dark purple flame.

"Awakening of Devil's Flame"

The grimdark purplish flames made him like a devil bathing in flames. When the flames transformed, his strength underwent a major temporary improvement.

Whoosh!

The moment he dashed forward, he felt the shadow of flames from behind. He was moving faster than his previous speed with causing less damage to the ground. He lifts his right hand, and a flame emerged out of it.

The dark purple flame spiral in the shape of a cylinder. While the cylinder was spinning, he pulled his hands a little and suddenly pushed his hand towards the cylinder. When his palm collided against the cylinder, the cylinder thrusts forward with a great speed while spinning.

The speed caused the cylinder front to change. The circular edged transformed into the triangular peak. When the tip was formed, the cylinder speed reached even higher.

"Wicket Nail of Death"

Whoosh!

"I guess, I have nothing to hold back now!" Luke released a deep breath upon seeing the attack coming his way. He held his sword tight and rushed towards. When he was just in front of the nail, he stopped his body and spun with his sword.

The Heavenly Dragon Sword in his hand creates a powerful hurricane that smashed against the Nail. But the moment, hurricane emerged, he tightly gripped his sword. The ability energy condensed on his sword.

He took a deep breath with his eyes closed while the hurricane was still colliding against the Nail. When he opened his eyes, he positioned his hands near his stomach holding the hilt with both of his hands.

"Great Dragon Chop!"

Whoosh!

When the intense blue aura erupted out of his sword, he dashed forward and slashed through the hurricane. The hurricane was already pierced by the nail and the sword slashed exactly above the nail. The intense blue energy was released in a crescent shape.

Boom!

The sword energy collided against the dark purple nail and creates a massive shockwave. This shockwave spreads around, slashing rocks and building into pieces. At the same time, the dark purple flame was burning around Luke.

"Devil's Flame- Fire Fist"

Suddenly, Mantle appeared above Luke making him startled. The purplish flame condensed on his fist and he smashed his fist towards Luke. His fist released a powerful stream of flame in the shape of a fist, covering ten meters in width.

"Heavenly Dragon Stance- First Form"

"Frenzied Wind Blades"

Luke didn't dodge rather he lifted his head up and held the sword tightly in his hand. The ability energy emerged out of him, fusing with his sword. He stomped on the ground and moved towards the fire fist.

Suddenly, his hands moved. The speed was unnoticeable by the naked eyes but when he stopped, several wind blades emerged. Some had crescent shapes while some were straight, some were even circular.

But each wind blade was formed from the sharpness of his ability energy and sword.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Upon colliding against the fire fist, it severed the flame into pieces. But the wind blades still remained and moved towards Mantle.

Splash! Splash! Splash!

When the wind blades strike his body, dozens of cuts were made in an instant. His body started bleeding heavily. But Mantle didn't care about it. He released his dark purple flame while Luke was in the air.

His flames covered both of them and slowly formed four giant nails in each direction. Each nail was condensed with dark purple flame with the thickness of his own body and the sharpness of Luke's sword tip.

"Death Nails from Four Directions!"

At this moment, the ability energy released out of his empty left hand. The ability energy slowly condensed a sword just like the sword on his right hand. He held both swords and glanced at four nails in four directions.

In mid-air, he was slowly falling down. So, he rotates his arms with full strength in his muscles creating a giant tornado that helped him float. The giant tornado was made off the wind manipulated by his sword, containing its sharpness.

"Heavenly Dragon Sword- Second Form"

"Black Dragon Hurricane"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Splash! Splash!

A giant tornado tore three nails while hitting Mantle's chest. And, one nail successfully pierced through the tornado and pierced Luke's right chest.

"Brother!" Suddenly, Lucas shouted from behind and tried to help. But a solid yellow wall appeared in front of him. When he turned around, he saw Daniel standing with a creepy smile on his face.

"You can't go further, boy."

Daniel chuckled as he opens his mouth and says "Blast Away!"

Suddenly, intense energy released out of his mouth and smashed Lucas towards the walls.

"String Web!"

Just when Lucas was about to hit the wall, thousands of strings emerged out of nowhere and created a small web. This web was able to contain Lucas on it and save him before the impact.

Thud!

Upon hitting the web, his speed decreased and fell to the ground. Although he was still wounded, that wound was still small. If he had collided with the walls, even his bones might get broken.

"Dark Phantom Strike- Ultimate Sword!" "Splash!"

A cold voice resonated in Daniel's ears. Before he could make any move, a sword covered with dark purple energy slashed the right side of his chest, leaving a deep red scar. The blood gushed out of the wound but the expression on Daniel didn't even flinch.

He calmly smiled and muttered, "Heal!"

The next moment, his book glowed with utmost brilliance, releasing the yellow light around him. This yellow light covered his body and after five seconds, it disappeared. The wound disappeared too.

"Damn! How can he heal so fast?" Jenny's expression sank when she saw the power of the book healing him faster than most of Healing Potion.

"Fire, Water, Gold, Earth, and Wood, Five Element in One- Five Elements Arrow!"

From behind, Scarlet muttered few words, and each word created different energy behind her. Each energy was positioned to make a circle. Each energy had different colors; Red, Blue, Golden, Brown, and Green.

Five colorful energy infused in her arrow and she shoots it.

Whoosh! Bang!

The arrow infused five elements picked up the speed faster than a bullet. But suddenly, a yellow barrier appeared behind him, blocking the arrow. But the power of the arrow pierced through the barrier. When the barrier crumbled, Daniel spoke "Blast Away!"

When his words fell, powerful energy erupted out of him and shattered the arrow into dust. But Daniel's expression was slowly turning pale.

"He is consuming lots of ability energy. We just need to keep him busy." Jenny shouted when she saw his expression from the front. Hearing her words, Daniel's expression sank even more.

Boom!

At the same time, another collision occurred between Mike and Harry. One was using a sword while the other started using the spear. Holding the spear, Mike released his brute force and thrust it.

"Howling Tiger Spear Art- Tiger Breaking the Cage"

"Tiger Hunting Sword!"

When Mike stabbed his spear, the tiger's phantom emerged out of it. The tiger stayed above the spear and raised its foreleg. The claws were sharpened with the energy as it slashed towards Harry.

Harry calmly stood in front of Mike with a creepy smile on his face. He gripped the hilt of the sword and jabbed. His movement was extremely fast, accompanied by his monstrous strength, it created a powerful impact.

Bang!

The tiger collided against the sword that was created to kill the tiger. When two collided, the powerful impact pierced through the tiger and slammed on Mike's body. The impact sends him flying and he collided with a wall behind him.

Thud!

Upon falling on the ground, Mike coughed blood and muttered "Just who is this guy? How can he be so powerful? Not only he is the thirteenth rank soldier, but his body is also extremely strong as if he has consumed dragon blood."

"Damn! I can't fight him with a spear. I don't have the powerful spear skills to defeat him. I can only fight him in hand-hand combat. But first, I must break his sword. This time, I must use it and break his sword."

Mike hastily got up while holding the spear in his hand. This time, he didn't move forward. He bends his knees and positions his spear on his thighs. Slowly, he pressed the end of the spear to the ground while lifting the spear tip.

"Howling Tiger Spear Art- Tiger Conquering the Sky"

Bang!

He infused the brute force into the spear and pushed the spear to the sky. When the spear moved up, Harry's gaze followed it. Upon reaching a certain distance, the spear started falling towards the place where its tip was pointed.

And, it was pointed at Harry. When the spear fell, the ability energy erupted out of the spear. The immense ability energy transformed into a powerful phantom of a tiger and roared at Hary.

"He-he-he!"

Seeing the tiger's phantom, Harry raised his sword and closed his eyes. When he opened his eyes, he moved his right foot and the sword was positioned behind him with both of his hands holding the hilt. The tip of the sword touched the ground behind him.

His body was bending when he moved his foot. He slowly raised his sword but when it reached the top of his hand, he puts all of his strength on the slash with lightning flash speed.

"Slashing the Sky Sword"

Bang!

Crescent-shaped sword energy released out of his sword, traveling in the air, moving towards the giant tiger phantom. The green crescent-shaped sword energy slashed against the white tiger claw. When both of them collided, the entire sky trembled.

Crack! Crack! Bang! Boom!

In an instant, the shockwave destroyed rocks, houses, and vehicles in the road. Everything within fifty meters was broken into pieces.

Ding! Crack! Bang!

Suddenly, the spear rushed down from the cloud of dust. Harry lifted his sword to block it but when the tip of the spear touched the sword, Harry felt the entire world was on his shoulder. In an instant, the sword cracked into pieces while the spear stuck on the ground.

Tiger Conquering the Sky holds the power of gravity on it. Mike uses Gravity to push it on the air and also approach the enemy by changing the tip's direction.

"Heh! Do you want to fight hand-to-hand? This will be fun." Harry smirked when he saw Mike rushing towards him with both of his fists clenched. The golden luster of energy surrounded him improving his strength.

At this moment, he had activated Golden Buddha Kong Body Divine Ability to gain the extra 30+ defense and 20+ strength. Although it isn't too much, it definitely helped him regain his confidence.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Upon arriving in front of Harry, Mike smashes punches after punches. Each punch was repelled by Harry's punch with equal strength. Both of them retreated few meters with the final and Mike infused Brute Force into his fist.

"Meteor Fist!"

Suddenly, the gravity changed and Harry lost his balance when he got pulled towards Mike. He was startled for a moment, but with a smirk on his face, he clenched his fist. Mike smashed his foot on the ground, creating a twenty-meter crater with his Gravity effect, and punched at Harry.

His fist carried immense strength because of Meteor Fist. After all, he was using Brute Force in every punch but not skill. At the same time, Harry was also using his ability energy.

Bang!

Both of their fists collided and remained still for thirty seconds. The Gravity effect and his strength started pushing Harry but at the same time, he was feeling weaker as each second passes.

"Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu" Mike pulled his fist and retreated twenty meters away while breathing heavily. His body was sweating a lot and the body itself was feeling very heavy. He thought it would be the effect of Gravity, so he deactivated the Gravity control but nothing changed. He was still feeling weak and heavy.

'Claire, what is happening?' Mike couldn't understand. He still had reserved ability energy but he felt he lost a lot of energy from his body. It made him extremely confused. At the same time, he doubted that his life force was sucked away.

"Are you confused about your weakness? Hehe! You truly made a foolish decision thinking of using your fist to fight me. Now, you have no reason to stay alive because you would no longer have life." Harry daunted Mike while showing his big smile.

"Host, you have lost twenty years of lifespan. Please retreat! This is not the enemy you can fight." Upon hearing Claire's warning, he instantly thought of retreating. But suddenly, his foot didn't move.

"Host, run away! You can't face this kind of enemy. Without Manifesting Spirit or having higher cultivation, you can't win against him. You'll die." Claire's voice rang again when he didn't move.

'No!' Mike shouted in his heart with burning rage in his eyes.

"Huh! What do you mean by 'No'? Can't you understand the situation? His ability can literally kill you after each collision. You don't know how to Manifest Spirit, so please run away." Claire's voice filled with anxiety echoed in his mind.

'Then, what about Jenny? What about Luke and Lucas? What about Sunny? Do you think he will let us go? If I run away, he will slaughter everyone who is present here. I can't run away. I am afraid of death. But I am not a coward.'

'I don't believe his ability energy is inextinguishable. I have to fight for my love and my friends. Even if there is the slightest chance, I must secure the win for my for people.' Mike shouted in his heart as he glanced at Harry. The weakness of losing his lifespan slowly faded away. He clenched his fist and infused it with scarlet essence.

Taking a step forward, he pushed himself towards Harry with an extreme speed. Raising his hand, he punched straight in Harry's fist.

"Fire Demon Fighting Four Directions- Western Hidden Punch"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bang!

"What?" When their fists collided, Harry's ability energy started sucking the energy from Mike. But at the same time, fire energy from scarlet essence entered his body, moving through several blood veins, causing intense heat inside the veins. The intense pain made Harry scream.

In an instant, he retreated several meters away. The ability energy started running throughout his body, destroying the fire energy.

Western Hidden Punch- It was a marvelous move developed by Mike to attack someone from inside. This move was meant to kill someone from inside. If Harry hadn't run away, his entire blood vein system will be burnt by his fire energy.

And, a powerful explosion will accompany the burst of blood veins. But Harry retreated and destroyed the fire energy. Innate Ability is something that everyone can control. But there is also a limit to it. If a person's innate ability is too powerful like Time Innate Ability, that person needs a lot of training to synchronize with his innate ability.

And, at the same time, if a person tries to do something beyond his innate ability limit, that person needs higher-level synchronization. It is a very common term missed by many cultivators. Because most people do not possess overpowered Innate Abilities like Time Innate Ability or something like S-Rank.

So, many people do not focus on learning more about their innate abilities. Mike is a pure example. He never tries to learn more about his Innate Ability, so he doesn't have much knowledge about it. Gravity Control is a domain created by mastering A-Rank skills.

But, skills are something that is closely related to innate ability. That means skill must have the same attributes as innate ability. Naturally, his Meteor Fist was something related to his Brute Force. Even though he knew he could manipulate Gravity to a certain extent, he never thought of Gravity being a branch for his Brute Force.

Gravity and Brute Force aren't the same and there is a gap between them. But this gap is filled by skill. And, the skill can only connect two similar forces. So, Brute Force and Gravity might not be the same, but they are similar.

Both need extreme mass. Brute Force increases its mass, while massive objects can affect Gravity. If Harry had less synchronization with his innate ability, he would have sucked his own life force. After all, this innate ability is at least an S-Rank.

So, when Harry treated himself, Mike instantly moved forward. The Gravity Control erupted out of him, pressing Harry to the ground. Once he fell in the domain, he also got affected as he moved fast towards Harry.

"Fire Demon Fighting Four Direction- Western Hidden Punch"

The moment he used the same skill, Harry suddenly grew a plant near his foot. In an instant, the plant grew a green branch that appeared in front of the punch.

Bang! Bang!

The moment his fist hits the plant, it exploded into pieces. Seeing this chance, Harry moved forward and the ability energy emerged out of his fist. He had bent his body and smashed his fist on Mike's stomach.

The impact of his punch spread into Mike's body, pushing him away. But suddenly, he caught the hand of misbalanced Mike and kept pulling him. His right fist was sucking the lifespan of Mike. Although he was misbalanced, Mike didn't panicked.

"Inferno Booster" Boom!

Mike opened both of his palms in front of Harry's face and shot the stream of red flame out of it. The powerful stream hits Harry right into his face. It not only burned him but also sent him flying. But Mike was in the same situation.

Due to the power of Inferno Booster, and the impact of the punch, he was pushed back.

Thud!

He tried to stand on his feet but eventually, he struck the wall and fell to the ground. At the same time, Claire's voice rang on his mind "Host, you have lost sixty years of your life. Please retreat!"

At this moment, Claire was also begging him to leave. But Mike couldn't do it. When he turned around and saw Jenny and Scarlet struggling against Daniel, he knew he can't leave. He was already on the verge of going berserk when he saw Jenny smashed away by Daniel.

But, he couldn't go and save her now. At least, he needs to defeat Harry. Mike was pushed to the limit but still couldn't defeat Harry. Suddenly, an idea struck his mind as he shouted 'Claire, what happened to the Space Essence? Didn't I tell you to integrate it with my body?'

"Host, it takes time to integrate Space Essence. It is integrating with your body. Only sixty percent has been completed. You can't use Void Killing Sword Heart Law." Claire spoke with an anxious voice.

'Claire, do you think I can defeat him if I use the Void Killing Sword Heart Law?' Hearing her, Mike's expression fell and brightened simultaneously. There was anxiety in his heart when he asked this question.

"Yes, but it will take ten minutes to completely integrate it with your body," Claire spoke but there was anxiety and nervousness in her tone. She really wanted Mike to run away. As long as he runs away, he can eventually merge with Space Essence.

Suddenly, Claire spoke "Host, I know you are worried about Mistress more than others. I know this is the only reason why you are staying here. But, did you forget how powerful her family is? Do you think she doesn't have any trump card? Even if she doesn't possess it now, her family members are definitely keeping an eye on her."

"So, please do not worry about her and run away."

"Hu!" Mike released a deep breath and slowly stood up. He looked at Harry who was slowly standing up while drinking Health Potion and spoke in his thoughts 'Claire, I know you are worried about me. But, you need to understand who am I? I am scum. I am a person who holds dirty thoughts about every beautiful woman no matter of their relationship status.'

'I do not like studying or being smartass. I try to laugh and joke all the time. I love having sex all the time. But I also like spending time with my family and friends. I harbor different sexual positions and looks from every woman I have.

'I fear losing my women. I also fear my women getting raped by others. I try to keep a relationship with a virgin or a pure slut, so I won't break other men's hearts after stealing their women. After all, Karma is a bitch. I fear death. I do not want to die. I want to be immortal and spend every day in the embrace of my woman.'

'But that dream is quite hard to achieve. This is my journey to achieve that. And to achieve that, I need women, I need brothers, I need family, and I need strength. To gain each of them, I need courage and Willpower to face everything.'

'Yeah, you are right. I can totally run away. Then what? Do you think I can face Jenny after running away? Do you think I can face Lauren after the death of Luke and Lucas? Do you think I can ever make new friends if I take them as tools?'

'Listen, Claire, I want to be an immortal and live in a beautiful world. That world is my earth. So, I need to keep my earth beautiful. To achieve it, I need a family who can support me. I need friends who can help me. I need women to stay with me.'

'And, what if Jenny doesn't have any trump card? What if her family couldn't help her in time? Do you think I can ever forgive myself if Jenny dies? I can take risks for everything. But I can never take risks for a person I love the most. And, damn right, I love her and I love her as a woman.'

At this moment, Mike was burning with fighting intent. The scarlet essence in his body was getting darker and darker. His blood was trembling. He stomped his foot on the ground and dashed towards Harry.

Seeing Mike coming for himself, Harry regained his vigilance and revolved the ability energy in his body. The Life Stealing Innate Ability rapidly spreading from his toes to his head. He also stomped his foot on the ground and rushed towards Mike.

He opened his palm and created a spiral movement of his ability energy. Suddenly, Mike noticed a powerful sucking energy from Harry. It was a skill that could suck the life force from the distance. Even though its effect might not be as scary as close contact, it would still scare most people.

"Inferno Booster"

But Mike didn't care. Rather, he wanted to beat Harry to a pulp before he could steal his life force. Two streams of flames gushed out of his palm improving his distance. Upon reaching up close, he stopped the Inferno Booster and clenched his fist.

He smashed his left foot on the ground and punched straight to his face. But Harry also put his left foot forward and leaned front, smashing his left palm against Mike's fist.

Bang!

When the two of them collided, Mike puts all of his strength in his fist, knocking Harry away. But instead of fear or any negative feelings, he could only see the creepy and evil smile on his face. The smile was accompanied by a loud explosion behind.

Boom!

"Big Brother!" Only when Mike heard the crying tone of Lucas, he turned around.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Two minutes earlier,

"Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu!"

Mantle and Luke stood in front of each other with bloody bodies and started breathing heavily. Their eyes were showing tiredness. But both of them had a strong sense to stay awake.

"Mantle, even though you increased your strength, you still can't defeat me." Luke held his sword and spoke with pride in his eyes.

"Who said I was going to defeat you? I just wanted to kill you." Luke took out his tongue and wiped the blood off his lips. He made a creepy smile and spoke with killing intent bursting out of his eyes.

"Give up, Mantle! You can't kill me. With your current strength, I can easily counter any of your attacks." Luke shook his head and spoke.

"Oh! Then, how about this?" Suddenly, he clenched his right fist and placed it on his left palm. At the same time, the dark purple flame erupted out of his body, surrounding him and Luke.

"Hahaha! Hahaha! Luke, you truly believed that I can't kill you. All this strength, all of this hard work was just to kill you and that bastard. No matter how much hardship I've to suffer, no matter how much price I've to pay, I will definitely kill both of you."

"Am I a maniac? No! Am I an idiot? No! I just have a reason. And that reason is enough to push me to the limit. Luke, if you have any last word, you can say now." Mantle spoke while releasing more flames around them.

Luke didn't understand why he was making a circle of flames so thick. Although he had done this previously, he wasn't showing any sign of creating an attack out of these flames. Luke was ready with both of his swords guessing that attack will come from the direction.

"Since you don't have any words, die!" Mantle saw Luke gripping both of his swords and spoke. Suddenly, the circle of flame contracted. Seeing this, Luke's expression changed. He unsheathed both of his swords and swings his upper body followed by his sword and lower body.

"Heavenly Dragon Sword- Second Form"

"Black Dragon Hurricane"

His swords produced a massive hurricane that pushed back the flames. But when the flames were touched by the hurricane, a cruel but satisfying smile appeared on Mantle's face.

"True Sun Self-Extermination"

Boom!

In an instant, the entire circle of flame exploded. The power of the explosion swept the buildings, and other people away. The massive crater was formed beneath the circle of flame. The hurricane also exploded into nothingness.

At this moment, everyone's mind went blank. Even Daniel couldn't comprehend what Mantle did. The explosion was as powerful as twenty E-Rank Star Explosion Grenades. The dark purple flame kept burning even after a minute of explosion.

"Let me go! I want to save my brother." Hundreds of meters away, Lucas cried as he tried to rush towards the explosion. But the flames hadn't cooled down. So, Alan and others held Lucas tightly, not letting him leave.

"Giant Rain Drop!" One of the females from Alan's group came forward and released her ability energy into the sky. Her blue ability energy represented water as it formed a giant raindrop over the explosion.

Splash!

When the giant drop of water fell over those burning flames, everything started cooling down by the massive flood. Everyone gave that girl a grateful look and finally let go of Lucas.

"Brother! How could you lose? You were my hero. How could you lose?" Lucas rushed towards the body of Luke. Tears filled his eyes and fell from his cheeks as he rushed towards him. His legs were shaking as he reached closer. A thick cloud of white gas surrounded the body of his brother.

"Luke!" Suddenly, Mike shouted from far away. He ran towards Lucas and Luke but Harry stood in front of him. The Brute Force exploded in his fist, the thick killing intent burst out of him as his eyes turned red, filled with tears.

"I can't let you go." Harry was also stunned by Mantle's act. But somehow he believed that Mantle's wasn't dead. Even though it was a complete suicidal explosion. But he also understands even if Mantle survives this explosion, his body would be very weak.

That's why he can't let Mike go. If Mike sees Mantle's alive, he would definitely kill him.

"Go away!" Mike's clenched his hand, the veins popped out of his hands as he lifted it. When Harry tried to block him, Mike punched straight into his face. The Gravity Control was released out of him, suppressing both of them to the ground.

Harry didn't dodge it. The gravity was affecting his movement. If he tries to dodge it, he might be misbalanced. So, he let Mike punch his face while smashing his palm on Mike's chest.

Bang! Bang!

Although Mike didn't take as much damage as Harry, he lost his lifespan. But at this moment, Mike was no longer thinking about it. His heart was beating very fast. He stayed risking his life. Why? Because he wanted to protect his friends.

He didn't want them to die. But now, someone died behind him while he remained useless. It wasn't his fault. But Mike still blamed himself. Because at this moment he didn't know how to face Lauren. His heart was beating with fear and hatred at himself.

He wanted to cry but if he cries, then what about Lucas? His big brother died in front of him while he uselessly watched everything. Mike's heart was filled with fear as he no longer thought about his life span. After getting the punch, Harry didn't stop.

Although he was coughing out blood, he still stood upright after falling on the ground. Mike who was desperate to see Luke only thought of punching Harry to the ground.

Each punch carried emotions and brute force. Although he was filled with complexity, his body still used several skills on different punches, each leading to the deeper poison. Stealing lifespan was just like poison.

Although he succeeds in breaking most of the bones in Harry's body, he couldn't run towards Luke. Harry was still blocking him. At the same time, his lifespan had decreased a lot.

Behind them, Lucas was crying while holding the dead body of his brother in his hand. He cried like a baby and completely forgot about his surroundings. While he was sobbing, a figure covered with black dust and several burnt skins walked behind him.

The red blood and black dust were making his wounds horrible. There was a dark purple flame on his hand. He stopped few meters away from Lucas. He clenched his fist, infusing the dark purple flame in it, and punched out.

"String of Imprisonment!"

Suddenly, thousands of strings appeared over his body. Mantle who had survived the explosion was in weak condition. These strings successfully bind him as he no longer could move. But the dark purple flame burned those strings into ashes.

"Bone Shattering Punch!" A girl appeared behind Lucas and hardened her skin and muscles. The ability energy erupted from her hand as she punched towards Mantle.

"Barrier" Bang!

When those words fell, a yellow glass barrier appeared in front of Mantle. The fist collided with the barrier but couldn't break it. At the same time, Daniel appeared behind Mantle and chop on Mantle's back neck. Mantle instantly fell unconscious as Daniel murmured.

"Synchronizing eighty percent with one's innate ability is not an easy feat to achieve especially when you come from such a poor background. Fortunately, his Innate Ability was only B-Rank otherwise he wouldn't succeed in synchronizing so much with his innate ability."

"I can't let him fight anymore. His main consciousness has already fallen asleep. I can't let his Devil's Will control his body. He has a lot to learn. It seems the future days won't be boring at all."

"Teleport!" Daniel spoke and teleported behind Harry who was beaten to the pulp lying on the ground. As for Mike, he wasn't injured too much but his lifespan was now only thirty minutes. His heart had started beating very slow. He was also lying on the ground

"Let's go! He will die in thirty minutes. His other enemy was killed by his own hands. Our mission is fulfilled. Let's not get any more injuries." Daniel whispered in Harry's ears.

"You are out of fuel, right?" Even though Harry was severely injured, the smile on his face didn't fade away. He chuckled after hearing Daniel's words.

"Yes, I can only teleport once. Not to mention, he needs to heal faster otherwise he might become cripple." Daniel nods his head and caught Harry's hands.

"Teleport!" With the next word, three of them disappeared. Mike slowly got up and didn't find Harry. There was not a single trace of a smile on his face. He dashes towards Lucas who was weeping over Luke's body.

He walked near him, fell on his knees, and forcefully pressed Lucas's head in his shoulder. Not a single word came out of his mouth. But the stream of tears didn't stop. Both of them pressed their head in each other's shoulders and cried.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Twenty minutes have passed, Mike and Lucas were still crying. Everyone else was around them. Some of them were crying while some were not. But everyone had a sad expression. Even though they only knew Luke for few hours, they simply couldn't smile at such a terrible situation.

"Mike!" But after twenty minutes, Mike suddenly fell unconscious. His body slides from Lucas's body and fell to the ground. Jenny shouted from behind and rushed near him. At this moment, Mike's wrist was on Lucas's hand.

When Lucas held his wrist, the fear struck his heart. His body started shaking vigorously. He had just lost his brother and now even his best friend/brother-in-law's heart isn't beating. For a moment, not a single sound could come out of his mouth.

But soon, his mind relaxed as he found the blood flow was still ongoing but extremely slow rate.

"Mike, what happened to you?" Jenny caught Mike in her embrace and her hand fell on his heart. She couldn't feel the heartbeat for a long time. She was also shaking with fear like Lucas. Mike death's was now the greatest fear in her heart.

But just like Lucas, she also found his heartbeat wasn't gone but extremely slow. At this moment, Scarlet spoke from behind "He has lost his life force."

"Huh?" Everyone looked at her with surprise but the fear in Jenny's heart grew. She tried to take out her phone and muttered "I… I will call my dad. He muuust havvve a solution."

Her voice was shuttering in fear. Lifeforce is not a simple topic. Normally, it's not possible to increase someone's lifespan without cultivation. But her father was living for a long time even before the cultivation. She thought he must have something that can increase Mike's lifespan.

"No use! He only has ten minutes left. If he hadn't spent twenty minutes weeping for the dead guy, you could have called for help." Scarlet spoke in a cold tone. She knew Mike's lifespan was low from the start. But she didn't speak or rather her master didn't let her speak. After all, it was her master who told her about Mike's lifespan in the first place.

"You! You knew this from the start. You could've told me about it sooner." Jenny's eyes turned red in anger. She stood up and yelled at Scarlet's face.

"I didn't want to disturb a crying man. And, shouldn't you find your lover's situation on your own? Are you so useless that you need help for everything?" Although Scarlet knew she wasn't the one to find out about it either, she didn't let go of a chance to ridicule Jenny.

Jenny clenched her hands hard but couldn't utter a single word. Yes, she felt extremely useless at this moment. Scarlet was also able to burst powerful strength while fighting against Daniel than her. Of course, she didn't know that power was from Scarlet's master.

"Can you save him?" Jenny's voice was hoarse and filled with hesitation. She was helpless in this situation. So, even if Scarlet was a complete bitch, Jenny still hoped that bitch can help Mike.

"Help him? ...…. Of course, I can. But what can I get by helping him?" Scarlet made a cunning smile as she spoke. Her eyes were filled with intense hostility towards Jenny.

"You? I thought you liked him. Why are you asking for something to help someone you like?" Jenny couldn't help but get frustrated at her.

"For your information, I don't like him. And as I said, I am helping him to recover his lifespan. I am giving something important to me. Do you think I can do it for charity?" Just when Jenny was about to say something, Scarlet continued "But I can help him get better by sharing my lifespan with him on two conditions."

"What do you want?" Jenny asked with vigilance in her eyes.

"First, kneel in front of me and kowtow three times! Second, go to the ceiling of your house and shout 'I am a slut' sixty times. If you can do it, then I will help him. But make your decision fast, he only has less than eight minutes now." Scarlet smirked with a satisfying smile on her face. There was utmost arrogance and pride in her eyes as she looked at Jenny.

"You bitch! Do you have no feelings towards him even though he was a childhood friend? How can you be so shameless? You think life is a toy that you can play with." Suddenly, Lucas appeared in front of Scarlet, yelling at her face. His tears were already dried but those eyes were still red.

"Boy, don't think that you have lost your brother means I will just sit and let you insult me? Even if I love Mike, so what? I don't want to share him with any other women. After all, I am giving up my virginity to save him."

"But, I don't mind if he has the relationship with sluts. If she can admit that she is a slut, I will help him otherwise, I don't care." Scarlet pushed Lucas to the ground and spoke.

"You..."

"Shut up, Lucas!" Suddenly, an angry roar came from Jenny's mouth. After Jenny spoke, Lucas turned silent while clenching his hand.

Jenny released a deep breath and spoke while looking at Scarlet "I will do it. But, if anything happens to Mike, I promise your Stagroar family will not see tomorrow's morning."

There was deep killing intent in her words. When everyone heard her, they didn't know whether she was mad or confident. Only Scarlet, Lucas, and Sunny knew her words were completely true. Scarlet narrowed her eyes but soon, a creepy smile appeared on her face "Knee and kowtow!"

Jenny slowly kneeled down and kowtow three times in front of her. Each time she smashes her head on the ground, deep hatred emerged in her heart. But, whenever that happened, Mike's image appears in her mind and that hatred melts away.

Scarlet passed by her, while she was kowtowing the third time, and picked up Mike. While moving towards the home, Scarlet spoke "I want to hear those words from the house. I hope you will be loud otherwise, I will immediately stop."

After saying so, she took Mike towards the house while Jenny slowly stood up. At this moment, Alexa looked at Scarlet's back with a complicated expression. She didn't know why but she felt Scarlet has changed a lot.

"Jenny, why are you doing this? We can find another way to save him, right? You can ask your dad. Why are you humiliating yourself like this? I don't want to lose another person close to me but I don't want you to go through all that."

"She loves Mike, right? There is no way she would left Mike without helping him, right? She is just jealous that you are his most beloved girl. She just wants to show off and humiliate you. Don't do this, please! Mike will never be able to forgive himself if he learns what you've gone through. I know him. He would definitely hate himself if you do this." Lucas caught her hand and tried to convince her.

Few drops of tears once again filled his eyes as he spoke more.

Suddenly, Jenny raised her hand and fondles his hair. After a short sigh, she spoke "You already know how much sad he is just because he doesn't know how to face Lauren. I know you don't want Mike to feel worse."

"But, if none of you tell him anything, would he know?" When she said that, her eyes fell on others. Her words shocked them and she continued "Scarlet loves Mike and definitely won't tell him. After all, if she does, he will hate her. So, as long as none of you speak anything about this, he wouldn't know, right?"

"But, why do you have to go through all this? We can wait, right. She might give up and save him even if you don't do it." Lucas covered his eyes with his hands and spoke. He has pressed two sides of his forehead hard by his hands while speaking.

"Lucas, you don't have any experience, so you don't know anything about it. But one day when you fell in love with someone, you will do everything for her. And, that is true love. In true love, I am willing to do everything for him. But her love is selfish."

"She doesn't care about Mike's dream or anything. She is just a proud and arrogant girl. And, her pride and arrogance might come in the way to save Mike. If that happens, Mike will die. I am not doing this for Mike to know how much I love him. I am not doing this because I am a slut."

"I am simply doing this because I love him. Just as you said, she might save him. I can take risks for everything. But I can never take risks for a person I love the most. I can't take any risk when it comes to Mike's life."

Saying so, she slowly walked towards the home. She entered the house and found Mike and Scarlet on the second floor. She didn't speak or peek. She directly went to the top and stood at the corner. Looking at the beautiful sunset, she murmured "People are really foolish in love, aren't they?"

"I thought I would be able to improve my cultivation if I will be together with you. I thought I was only attracted to you because of your big cock. But, it turns out everything is wrong. I love you, Mike. I truly love you. And, I want to do the same. I will never let anything happen to you."

After that, she wiped her tears and finally shouted "I AM A SLUT."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, is he going to be okay?" Laying down on the bed, Harry asked while looking at Daniel.

"He will be just fine but he needs time. It would at least take two or three weeks for him to recover." Daniel spoke with a slightly depressed expression. He admired the courage of Mantle to put his life on the line just to kill his enemy.

And, more importantly, Mantle was able to synchronize eighty percent to his innate ability. It was a hard feat to achieve considering his background and knowledge. But on another hand, his low-level innate ability did help a lot.

"Such a pity! He is going to lose three weeks of training. He could at least reach the peak of the thirteenth rank with our help within three weeks." Harry sighed with a regret in his eyes. But, he didn't care about Mantle's achievement.

"What training? You obviously want him to consume more blood to increase his cultivation. I am telling you that's very crude of a newbie. If you really want him to consume something, make him consume a women's milk." Daniel spoke with a hoarse voice.

"Dirty pervert! You just want to take him in a milf orgy, don't you? Don't you think you should focus on a girl of your age?" Harry gave him a disdain look and snorted.

"Although virgin girl's blood is useful, her pussy isn't much of a use. Only those milf can truly manipulate their pussies as we want. Only they can give the blissful experience. I love milf. Did you forget how I fucked up a mother in front of her son who kept masturbating while watching his mother fucked by his friend?"

"That is the extreme pleasure I could enjoy. Only enjoyment makes our minds free. And, the only free mind can comprehend Spirit." Daniel shook his head, denying Harry's opinion. Instead, he formed an image in his mind.

It was an image of him two years ago where he was pounding thirty years ago a beautiful woman. Her body was played by him while her son was masturbating in front of her.

"I truly don't care about your life. Do what you want to do and let me do what I want to do." Harry shook his head and decided not to bicker too much with Daniel.

Three Days Later,

Jenny was cooking stew in the kitchen.

Sunny approached her and asked "Mistress, Master will wake up today, right?"

"Yes, his body has rested enough, so he should be waking up any time soon. By the way, I would like to stay in his room. So, can you prepare the stew and bring it to his room?" Jenny nodded her head with a blissful expression and spoke.

Three days passed like river water. After Scarlet gave Mike her virginity, she left the house with others. Since Mike wasn't awake, Jenny terminated the deal between Mike and Alan's group. Later, Alan's group also followed Scarlet.

Although Scarlet's arrogance and pride made everyone dispirited, they got no choice. Since they needed to earn more points. As for Jenny and others, it didn't matter.

They had enough points and today was already the last day of the first week. Sunny nodded her head and stood near the induction stove while Jenny turned around and walked towards the stair.

"Mistress, are..... you really going to hide it from Master?" Sunny suddenly spoke in a low voice. Her words stopped Jenny's steps.

She clenched her hand with hatred but didn't show it on her face. As she turned back, a friendly smile appeared on her lip "No, I am not going to tell him anything. I didn't do it to raise his anger or gain his admiration. I simply did it because I love him."

"But Mistress, that bitch was hateful. She even threatened to kill you if you don't break up with him. I am afraid, she will do something very bad." Sunny also clenched her face and spoke while looking at the stove. She couldn't even face Jenny while saying it.

"Don't worry about those meaningless threats! She can't kill me and threaten me to leave Mike. As long as I am alive, I will never leave him even if someone forces us to separate." Jenny chuckled and finally turned around.

But she still spoke "Don't ask too much! Just focus on the stew."

Sunny finally gave up and focused on the stew. While they were speaking, one person was silently listening to their words. Inside the room, Lucas was sitting on the ground while laying his back on the wall. He lifted his head up and muttered.

"Brother, I am afraid, our sister will never be good as Jenny. Is that true love? Will I ever find one? But I don't think I will have enough time to find love."

While speaking, he gripped in the hilt of a metal sword. Holding it tightly, Lucas murmured "Brother, I might not have innate ability related to the sword. But, I am going to train in swordsmanship. Once I become a true swordsman, I will use my sword to cut that guy's throat."

"I promise I will avenge you brother. Unless somebody kills him faster than I do, I will definitely take his head for your soul peace."

While he was busy making an oath, Jenny had already opened the door. When she entered inside, she was surprised to see Mike awake. But Mike's body was shaking a lot. She hurriedly ran closer and held his hand.

"Jenny, I am scared. I don't want to lose my friend. I don't want to lose anyone." Although he didn't cry, his voice was filled with a crying tone. He was truly scared. He thought he could save people if he shows his courage. But in the end, he still lost his close friend.

"Mike, it is genuine to feel scared. You were putting your life on the life to stop that guy from killing your friends. But sometimes a lone wolf can't do anything. You were helpless not because you weren't strong rather everyone else was weak."

"You can't do everything on your own. You can't cook alone. You can only masturbate by yourself. You can't enjoy every moment alone. You can't live alone. That's why we need family. But if the family can't support you, then it's not you who is useless, it's your family."

"So, don't blame yourself!" Jenny tried to console him while clutching his hands.

She could only hope that Mike wouldn't break from this. After all, if he does, then it would be a powerful blow for his future.

"But...… How can I face Lauren? I fear losing her." Mike didn't want to talk about another woman in front of Jenny. But he was truly scared. So, he ended up spitting it out.

"Mike, Love is freedom. But that doesn't mean you should be loyal to someone who doesn't love you. If she can't even understand the situation and ended up blaming you. Then, her love is not true love. She only has admiration and respect for everything you did in the past."

"If she doesn't love you, then don't feel bad for leaving her. Because only a mutual understanding can make love strong." Jenny spoke with doubt on her expression. She doesn't believe that Lauren would put the blame over Mike knowing his previous cultivation.

"Alright!" After a long silence, Mike nodded his head and finally felt better. Suddenly, a question rang on his mind as he asked "Jenny, did Scarlet do something while I was unconscious?"

"How did you know?" Jenny was surprised when he asked that question. After all, he was unconscious the entire time. But soon, she maintained her composure and nodded "Yes, she did have sex with you while you were unconscious. And, you know I discovered a big secret of yours."

"W—whattt secret?" Mike was a little frightened by her words. For a moment, he thought she found the system's existence.

"Until now, I never thought it would be possible. But when I checked it by myself, it turned out to be possible." Jenny slowly got into the bed as she moved closer to him, giving him the sense of a wild tiger hungry for food.

But out of nowhere, she touched his dragon and slowly removed his pants. When the pants were removed, a long dragon smacked her face. A dazzling thirteen inches long cock stands tall in front of her.

She caught the dragon by her right hand and slowly moved her hand up and down. While doing so, she lifted her head at Mike and said "I never thought this little guy to have the consciousness of its own. Even when you were unconscious, it would react to every moment we make on it."

"Hey, where are you looking?" But soon, she found Mike was looking in the air straight in front of him. First, she thought he was looking at the wall. But when she closely looked at his eyes, she saw a blue rectangular panel.

'What is that? Why can't I see it?' Jenny was clever. She didn't speak loud instead kept looking deeply at his pupils trying to find the source. But except in the pupils, she couldn't see it anywhere else.

At this moment, Mike was completely immersed in a panel in front of him while murmuring 'So, Scarlet is actually a Supreme Fairy. And, I just took the virginity of a Supreme Fairy. Holy shit! How could I be unconscious on such a joyous session?'

'But more importantly, I didn't expect to complete a hidden quest.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hidden Quest- Take the virginity of the Supreme Fairy

Description- The talent of a Supreme Fairy can resonate throughout the universe. The four most talented girls were filled with endless arrogance and pride. They will never succumb to any male with their eternal ice heart. As a God of Sex, you should win their heart and make them give up their virginity without breaking their arrogance. Because their arrogance is their identity.

Reward- Bodhi Leaf*1, Unyielding Will Awakening, Evolution Stone*25, 2000 Stat Points, 20000 System Points, Weapon Advancement Stone*1, and Free Skill Card*1

Special Reward- 1000+ Lifespan"

(Slight reminder: Special rewards are something that Hose needs. And, it is only given when the Host does something unimaginable. With below-average looks, talent, strength, and wealth, Host was able to take Supreme Fairy Virginity making a myth and a legend of a God of Sex.)

"Space Genes- Rank 1

Description- The system has modified the Host's genes and added Space Essence to it. Now, the Host can use the power of space just like the Fire Element of the Divine Sun Body. Except, Space Genes consumes an immense stamina

Gene Ability- Teleport"

"Teleport- Gene Ability (E-Rank)

Description- As one of the most common abilities of a space, Teleport allows Host to instantly travel through space within a hundred-meter radius."

(Slight Reminder- To improve Gene Ability, one must improve genes.)

Looking at the panels with amazement, Mike thought 'So, I actually earned so much during this sleep. Just the Gene Ability was enough of a blessing, I didn't expect to complete the quest as well. But now, another thing has been added. Innate Ability, Divine Ability, Special Ability, and now Gene Ability.'

'Oh wait, there seems to be Bloodline Ability as well. This is making me so tired. Let's not think about it! This Hidden Quest gave me some weird rewards. Bodhi Fruit, if I am not wrong then it is the fruit of enlightenment. As for Unyielding Will Awakening, it should help me achieve powerful Will that can boost my courage.'

'But, courage without strength is nothing. I must get strong. I must improve my talents as well. And, a special reward actually gave me thousand years of lifespan. With this, I have nothing to worry about. As for Space Genes, I can finally use Void Killing Sword Heart Law.'

'But the problem is a sword. I don't think a sword is suitable for me. Either it is a fist or a spear. I should try to learn more about Space rather than focusing on Sword. At the same time, I must make a powerful spear skill.'

He thought for a long time, only then he noticed a pleasurable sensation from below. He turned his head down and saw Sunny sucking his dragon. She was slowly moving up and down while rubbing the tip with her tongue.

She was taking the dragon deeper into her throat and licking the tip. She lifted her head and spoke while looking at Jenny at her "Mistress, if you only suck his cock, then Master won't feel good. You need to play with his cock with your tongue while sucking it. At the same time, you need to take it deeper and lick the entire cock with your tongue."

"Doing so, it will give the pleasure that he wouldn't be distracted by anything else. Now, you try."

"Ehh!" Mike was a little embarrassed upon hearing her words. It was true that Sunny could give him immense pleasure than Jenny. But, that is not the reason why he got busy with something else.

Gulp!

But when he looked at two beautiful girls sitting naked in front of him, he swallowed back his words. He looked at Jenny slowly puts her lips on the tip of his dragon. A soft sensation tingled in his body. She slowly puts it inside her mouth while licking the tip with her tongue.

An immense pleasure struck his mind but soon, he realized it's time for a threesome. He spread his arm and caught Sunny's arm. He pulled her close to his side. Sunny didn't retaliate while Jenny didn't stop. He slowly slides his finger to her cave.

"Mhmm!"

He stretches out his middle finger and slowly presses inside the cave. Upon reaching inside, he curves his finger and kept hitting the spot. Each stroke gave Sunny immense pleasure making her moan. Suddenly, Mike puts his face above her and says "Stick your tongue out!"

Hearing his words, she takes her pink tongue while he does the same. Their tongue intertwines and the kissing session starts. Jenny slowly increases her pace and Mike also increases his pace. While kissing Sunny, he kept fingering her G-spot.

"Massster, you are soooo god." Suddenly, Mike releases his Sex Aura because he felt his finger technique wasn't giving a good show. Hearing her words, a smirk appeared on his face "I am not just a god. I am a God of Sex."

'Claire, buy the Pleasure Hands Divine Ability and Unlimited Sex Stamina!' Only five seconds after he spoke in his mind, both divine abilities started showing their effect. Even though he was messing with her cave in the same way he usually does, the effect of Pleasure Hands changed the entire situation.

Just the touch of his finger made her tremble with excitement. Only after thirty seconds, Sunny reached the limit and screamed "Master, I'm cumming."

Jenny was startled by it. She didn't expect he would make her cum so fast. With a determination to make him cum, she also started moving her head faster while deeply binding his dragon with her tongue.

Mike didn't stop after making her cum once. But, he took out his hands and put them in front of her face, saying "Suck it clean!"

Sunny who had fallen in the path of lust started sucking her own cum without any hesitation. While doing so, he changed his position. He adjusted his legs around Sunny while Jenny was sucking his cock from the right side.

After he takes out his hand from Sunny's mouth, he stretches both of his hands in different positions. His left hand inserted Sunny's cave while his right hand inserted Jenny's cave. While Jenny was sucking his cock, he started sucking Sunny's tits.

"Masssster, your finger has changed. It feeeeels sooo goooood." When Mike started pressing his finger inside her, Sunny started moaning out loud. At the same time, Jenny also felt heavenly pleasure but couldn't moan due to his dragon stuck in her mouth.

After a minute, both Sunny and Jenny came with an erotic facial expressions. But Mike wasn't finished yet. Jenny didn't remove her mouth and kept pushing his cock deeper. Only after cumming three times, she successfully made him cum.

But when his cum was still inside her mouth, he spoke "Jenny, don't swallow it and don't spill either!"

Jenny got confused but still does as he said. Mike lifted her by her legs and placed her above his dragon. While slowly piercing her cave by his long rod, he spoke "Now, share that cum with Sunny. That is the meaning of threesome, don't you think?"

Hearing his words, Jenny wanted to punch him into his face, as she thought 'Damn you, she drank your cum twice already. Why can't I drink it by myself?' But, she forgot about the punch when the tip of the dragon hits her womb.

Mike turned his face at Sunny and said "Sunny, kiss your mistress!"

Hearing his words, Sunny's face turned red. Although she was ready for everything in sex, she has started considering herself the servant of Jenny from the bottom of her heart. She couldn't muster the courage to kiss her mistress and swallow her master's cum from her.

"If you two do not kiss, I will stop right now." Mike started threatening them while lifting Jenny. His threat was really a punishment that they didn't want to bear. In an instant, Sunny and Jenny touched each other lips while cum from Jenny's mouth started flowing into Sunny's mouth.

Slowly, Sunny mustered her courage and stuck out her tongue and make it to Jenny's mouth through a flood of cum. Jenny was surprised by that but didn't reject it. She also extended her tongue and tangles with Sunny's tongue.

Seeing both of them kissing each other while cum dripping from her mouth, Mike caught Jenny's wasted and smashed her down. Her hips stroke on his thigh. This sudden movement made Jenny scream in pain and pleasure "Ahhhhhh!"

Her mouth got separated from Sunny's while Mike kept pounding her hard. Slowly, she also followed along with his movement and started moving her hips faster on her own. Only then, Mike extended his left hand and pulls Sunny into his embrace.

When she falls above him, her boobs strike on his face. She didn't move to know his intention. Mike pressed her down as he licked her nipple. His tongue moved around, making a circle around her nipple. Each circle was making her nipple hard and slowly he showed his teeth. He pressed his mouth deeper and took a bite.

"Ahhhhhh! Ahhhh!"

Both Jenny and Sunny started moaning together. Suddenly, a finger slid down Sunny's back and slowly entered her ass. But this time, it wasn't Mike. Jenny was inserted her finger in Sunny's ass. Feeling the soft finger in her hot ass, she easily guessed the owner of the finger.

"Mistress, not there!"

Sunny screamed when Jenny's finger inserted deeper into her asshole.

"Ahhhhhh! Mike, hit me harder!" Jenny moaned as she got a little tired of banging up and down by herself.

"Mistress, ahhhhhh! Your finger is so good!" Sunny moaned after getting Jenny's finger deeper in her asshole.

Hearing their moan, the entire room was filled with intense lust and sex.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike, Sunny, and Jenny had sex for six hours. Mike could go further but two girls were already down. Jenny came over thirty times while Sunny only cum ten times. At that moment only, Mike truly understood the horrifying power of his Pleasure Hands Divine Ability.

He also discovered something new about Jenny. Each time she cums, her thirst for sex only increases. So much that she even forgets about her own body condition. On other hand, Sunny only got three loads of his cum before passing out.

After having sex with them, he takes a look at the plate with stew on it. That was supposed to be his food, but it seems they forgot about it. He helplessly shook his hand and took the plate in his hand. But he found the food was already cold.

Fortunately, he had a fire element. He used it to heat up the food and ate it. After eating it, he opened the status panel and looked at his current status.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Eight Rank (Fifth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Scarlet Brute Force- +80STR (A-Rank)

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-6)

STR: 438 (Divine Sun Body +30)

AGI: 341

INT: 352

STM: 330

DEF: 428 (Divine Sun Body +30)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+400 STR), SuperSpeed (+400 AGI), Super Endurance (+400 DEF)

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike, Howling Tiger Spear Art, Ultra-Sonic Punch, and Fire Demon-Fighting Four Direction

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence, Golden Buddha Kong Body, Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina

Gene Ability- Teleport

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Liora Miller (Temporary)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen

Stat Points: 2000

System Points: 339860

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1, Beast Taming Gas, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Bodhi Leaf*1, Evolution Stone*25, Free Skill Card*1, Weapon Advancement Stone*1,

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'Oh yeah! I forgot I have two thousand stat points. And, sex without using Chaotic Path towards Harmony actually increased my cultivation? I am sure I was knocked out since I don't remember anything. But, how can my cultivation improve understand such condition?'

'Maybe because she is Supreme Fairy. After all, Supreme Fairies are supposed to have the strongest talent in the universe. But, it seems just like Lauren, she isn't a complete Supreme Fairy. By the way, Claire, use four hundred stat points to each of my physical stats and show me Scarlet's status.'

In an instant, he felt his muscles stretching and contracting. At the same time, he felt short electrolytes in each second tingling around his body. Only after half a minute, these sensations stopped and a screen appeared in front of him.

"Name- Scarlet Stagroar

Age- 16

Cultivation- 8th Rank of Soldier Realm (Seven Evolutions)

Innate Ability- Divine Star Shooting Arrow (SS-Rank)

STR: 433

AGI: 456

INT: 431

STM: 290

DEF: 337

Status- Supreme Fairy (Hold)"

'Huh! SS-Rank? It must be higher than S-Rank. But why do I get the feeling that there is SSS-Rank after this? But, this is surprising. I have never heard of SS-Rank. Maybe because my background was poor. Or simply because talent higher than S-Rank do not exist on the earth?'

'No matter what reason it might be, her talent is surely scary. She already has SS-Rank talent but she is still not a supreme fairy. If she becomes a complete Supreme Fairy, her talent could reach higher than SSS-Rank. Though I am not sure whether SSS-Rank exists or not.'

'Well, whatever, since I checked her stats. Let's check other ladies' stats too.'

"Name- Jenny Flora

Age- 17

Cultivation- 9th Rank of Soldier Realm (Ninth Evolution)

Innate Ability- Raging Dark Demon Dragon (A-Rank)

STR: 1043

AGI: 417

INT: 415

STM: 300

DEF: 1009

Status- First Mistress (Wife)"

"Name- Lauren Green

Age- 18

Cultivation- 5th Rank of General Realm (First Evolution)

Innate Ability- Storm Dragon Blood (A-Rank)

STR: 3210

AGI: 3135

INT: 3122

STM: 3089

DEF: 3185

Status- Heavenly Maiden"

"Name- Liora Miller

Age- 16

Cultivation- 5th Rank of Soldier Realm (Seventh Evolution)

Innate Ability- Golden Chakra (A-Rank)

STR: 825

AGI: 326

INT: 395

STM: 180

DEF: 697

Status- Yin-Yang Partner (Temporary)"

"Name- Sunny

Age- 16

Cultivation- 3rd Rank of Soldier Realm (Fourth Evolution)

Innate Ability- Mysterious Illusion Realm (C-Rank)

STR: 108

AGI: 123

INT: 144

STM: 98

DEF: 102

Status- Sex Slave"

'Holy shit! What's with those ridiculous stats of Lauren? She has never consumed Dragon Blood. How could she get so many stats? It's impossible, right?' Mike was left stunned upon watching stats of Lauren. Although he got curious about other things, he was still focused on Lauren's stats.

"Once a person reaches General Realm, his/her strength would be increased by 500 measured using System's Strength Calculation Function," Claire explained from his mind.

'Oh! No wonder, her stats are so ridiculous. But wait, doesn't that mean that guy Jerry faced someone with such a powerful strength? He could be lying, right? Unless he has drunk dozens of dragon blood drops.' Mike thought for himself with a confused expression on his face.

"Would you like to read the status of a non-cultivator Alkiwon?" Claire asked

"Really? Can you show me the status of other people than those of my harem?" Mike suddenly got excited upon hearing her words.

"No! But the system has recorded the average status of almost every race in the universe. Because cultivator's strength can vary, it can't be measured unless they have sexual relations with Host." Claire denied in an instant throwing Mike's excitement to dust.

'Hush! That's so sad. But, I still want to know the average status of the Alkiwon, Dragon, and Zeon Race. Also, show me the average human status at last.' Mike sighed with disappointment on his face.

"Race- Alkiwon (Adult- Non-Cultivator)

Age- 18-24

Affinity- Natural Elements

STR: 150

AGI: 150

INT: 150 (It doesn't represent smartness)

STM: 150

DEF: 150"

"Race- True Dragon (Child)

Age- 0-1

Affinity- Natural Elements

STR: 1000

AGI: 100

INT: 1000 (It doesn't represent smartness)

STM: 1000

DEF: 1000"

"Race- Zeon (Adult- Non Cultivator)

Age- 18-24

Affinity- Darkness, Poison, Blood, Curse, and Yin

STR: 50

AGI: 50

INT: 50 (It doesn't represent smartness)

STM: 50

DEF: 50"

"Race- Human (Adult- Non-Cultivator)

Age 18-24

Affinity- None

STR: 4 (1 = 20 Pounds)

AGI: 2 (1 = 2mph)

INT: 2 (It doesn't represent smartness)

STM: 0.5 (0.1 = Half an hour of physical work)

DEF: 1"

'So, we are at the bottom of the list. And, what's with the dragon's ridiculous stats? No wonder, people take dragon blood to improve one's strength. But doesn't this mean a newborn true dragon stronger than Peak Soldier Realm cultivator?'

'But now I think about it, Scarlet hasn't taken any dragon blood, has she? Is this the reason why she wants to venture out? As long as points are enough, you can even buy dragon blood. And, this is also an opportunity for me. I must earn points as well.'

'But before that! Claire, can I use Evolution Stone on the other creatures?' Mike asked after analyzing the situation.

"Yes, but it also needs a vast amount of energy. Less energy will be less effective during evolution." Claire explained in his mind.

'If I don't use energy but use all twenty-five evolution stones on that slime. How much can it evolve?' Mike asked

"Evolution Stone evolves someone's talent. It doesn't evolve one's rank. So, it would be hard to guess if it is used on a slime. Because Slime does not possess higher talent, it would be easy to evolve. But this doesn't goes the same for every slime."

"Like Slime-Kun, some slimes are very powerful on certain expectations. Host wants to evolve the slime into a monster that can transform into a human and also regenerate. For it to happen, the Host not only needs to spend evolution stones but also a lot of energy." Claire spoke in his mind with a little disappointment.

Mike catches her feeling but didn't care. As long as he can evolve this slime, he can start a new revolution in the prostitution industry. Through Sunny, he learned a lot about this industry. In the current age, if a prostitute can give a wonderful feeling to his/her client, then they can earn more than a hundred thousand dollars through a single session.

After all, cultivators are rich. First, cultivators can hunt monsters inside Ascending to God. One bronze coin is equal to hundred dollars. Monsters can also be sold to the guild. Not all monsters though. Only those who roam outside the dungeons.

For those monsters who live inside the dungeon, they are deposed by the guild due to the quest function. It is risky and hard to find monsters of the same level outside the dungeon. That's why many people still follow guilds rule.

But that doesn't mean no one hunts outside. Just a Basic First-Tier Rank One Monster can be sold for three bronze coins. Price doubles with strength. It is risky but rewards you with a lot of money. Second, they can also work for special positions based on their Innate Ability.

Fire Innate Ability user often works in factories. Metal Innate Ability user often creates utensils and other metallic stuff for the business. And lastly, they can do other jobs such as bodyguards, assassinations, war soldiers, space explorers, and protecting the earth from outer races.

All of these jobs make cultivators rich. But everyone single job is tiring. Each time they complete these jobs, they need pleasure and fun days. And, they spent these days booking prostitutes for enjoyment. That's why Mike had already set his goal in this industry.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Claire, open the Free Skill Card and also use the Weapon Advancement Stone!' Mike commanded through his thoughts and a new screen panel appeared in front of him.

"Skill- Storm Steps

Rank- C-Rank

Description- Running on land, walk on air. Precise and rapid kick on air allows one to step on it. Storm Steps uses immense strength to kick the air for running in the air. The power of a strike will decide the speed of a person."

Upon receiving the knowledge of this skill in his mind, he made a satisfied expression. The system really provides things he needs rather than things he wants. Storm Steps was good for his brute force. Although he can evolve any skills, if the skill is high level from the start, it would be much better.

After all, he has already comprehended this skill through the system. At the same time, his Howling Tiger Spear reached B-Rank. For a moment, he felt he has forgotten something and suddenly remember it.

There was a mixed feeling of hatred and curiosity in his eyes as he asked 'Claire, Why couldn't I counter that life steal innate ability? My Brute Force and Fire Elements are A-Rank. Even if his innate ability is S-Rank, it doesn't make sense.'

"Host, did you forget something? Nothing really makes sense! Unless you are several ranks higher than him or use spirit, you can't counter that ability. It's just like one of the overpowered abilities granted to humans by the spirit of the universe." Claire's voice rang on his head.

'Wait a minute! What do you mean by the spirit of the universe? I thought Innate Ability is random.' Mike was startled upon hearing that. He got confused and asked.

"Of course, they are not random. Do you think you would awaken an Innate Ability that can show the true potential of your Pioneer Body?" Claire asked with contempt.

'Wait a freaking minute! I am a little confused here. When I awaken my unique ability, the voice inside me said Pioneer was a person that created everything and bears the Body of Chaos. But then again, yearly quest gives a reward 'Pioneer Body Evolution'."

'I forgot to ask this but what kind of body do I possess? And, what is Pioneer Body?' Mike asked falling in deep confusion. He was really confused when he tried to remember those lines.

'Yin and Yang give birth to chaos, chaos forms a creature. This creature was known as Pioneer. He created the universe, he created laws, he created other creatures, and everything was born from him. He is the god of the gods, he is immortal, and he bears the body of Chaos.'

'Pioneer Body, power of creation, when it awakens the universe shall tremble. Pioneer is the existence that no one can reach, no one can kill, no one can surpass, if he is second, then no one shall be first. Bear the power of creation, bear the body of Pioneer, and create the myths and legends.'

"With the current level of the system, Host is not allowed to learn anything about Pioneer Body through the system. All I can say is 'Chaos created Pioneer. But Pioneer is the final existence. If you want to reach the top, you must make the ladder.' As for other information, acquire a complete Heavenly Maiden and upgrade the system." Claire paused for a moment and finally replied.

'Well, I don't want to make things difficult for you. And, I really don't care about it. For now, tell me more about Spirit. And, why the only spirit can counter those deadly abilities?' Mike thought for a moment and finally shook his head. He does not take Claire as a complete A.I.

After all, Claire is also a part of his harem. There is no way he would trouble her. And, he doesn't care too much about his Unique Ability. For now, it can improve his strength by a lot. But this is also something that's troubling him.

He wasn't sure whether this will continue after Soldier Realm or not. That's why he asked her. After getting her answer, he has decided on one thing. He must do everything to improve his strength make himself a genius-level without his Unique Ability.

So that, he would be able to use his Unique Ability whenever he needs a power boost. Suddenly, his thoughts were disturbed by Claire's "Host, as you know some of the abilities are simply overpowered. The most prominent power would be Time."

"Time can almost do anything. If you can control over time, you can become a King, the sole ruler of every existence. But of course, there are many restrictions to use the power of Time freely. For instance, no matter how powerful one might be, he can't use the Power of Time on a global scale."

"Because manipulation of time creates alternate realities. Hence, the power of time is limited to a certain duration and area. There are many things that the Host isn't simply strong enough to know about. So, I'll cut to the chase."

"Spirit is the manifestation of someone's Will. Take this world as an eternal mind, if you have Will to do something, you can do anything. Because your Will dominates the mind. When you fought against that person, his innate ability was stealing your power because you do not have strong Will to resist it."

"If Will is strong, the spirit is manifested, even the manipulation of space-time can be resisted. Will can be of various types based on your desires. And, only a strong desire can awaken the Will. Slaughter Spirit is the manifestation of Will to slaughter."

"If you don't have a strong desire for something, you can never achieve it. Only those with a strong desire to protect someone can awaken Slaughter Will because if you can't control it, you will succumb to it. But if you do awaken it, you will have higher chances to manifest the spirit."

"If you can awaken the Slaughter Spirit, you can counter all kinds of Innate Ability. Not only that, but Spirit has its own way of cultivation. White Spirit, Yellow Spirit, Red Spirit, Blue Spirit, Purple Spirit, Silver Spirit, and Golden Spirit."

"These levels of spirits also represent realm but specifically, they are more of an extra bonus. Just think for a moment, do you think every strong person in this world has the highest level of talent?"

Mike quietly listened to her and answered 'No!'

"But, there are Trillion of Emperors in the Universe. Talent is one aspect of growth. Willpower is another aspect. Not every person has talent, nor every person has strong Willpower. Only those who have at least one of them are geniuses and only those who have both of them are exceptional."

"Alkiwon Jerry is the former. He doesn't have strong Willpower but he has the talent equal to the Supreme Fairies. But there are people like Mantle who have strong Willpower. He didn't manifest his Spirit or we could say he couldn't. But he still won against someone whose cultivation and talent was above him."

"As a future God of Sex, you need talent in both battlefield and bed. Both need dedication and training. Host, let me get this straight to your head. As long as the first mistress is alive, none of the Supreme Fairies will accept you even if they love you."

"That is kind of arrogance and pride they possess. So, if you think you have enough talent to compete and win them through sex, then that's your delusion. Not to mention, Supreme Fairies, even Heavenly Maiden will not show you any respect if you don't show them your strength."

"You must complete the system's task. You are not forced for everything but something is just inevitable. If you don't want to lose anyone, you must do everything to improve your strength." Claire's voice resonated in his mind like a deep lecture.

But Mike was listening with full attention. Because she was right. He lost Luke because he wasn't strong enough. Mike took a deep breath and spoke through his thoughts 'Claire, if I comprehend Slaughter Spirit, then I would be stronger than him, right?'

"For now, yes but not for long. You need everything. I know it might be a little selfish to say this. But, everything was created by the Pioneer. You bear his body. Everything belongs to you. But everything has its own restriction."

"So, devour every resource, fuck every beautiful girl, strengthen every talent you possess and get stronger to rightfully reach the top. You are not stealing from anyone. You are earning by your own hard work. You are establishing a Brothel for earning money, right? Then, spend everything you currently have to buy resources."

'Claire, you surely are bad. But it doesn't matter. As you said, I need to do everything to improve my strength. Compared to others, I still lack a lot. Without Unique Ability, my strength is only equal to the strength given by a single drop of dragon blood.'

'There are dozens of rich families. Even Jenny had already consumed two drops of dragon blood. And, she will consume more. I can't lag behind. I must comprehend Slaughter Spirit and then, complete the second monthly quest.'

While Mike was motivating himself, a new panel appeared in front of him.

"Monthly Quest 2- Kill 1000 Creature of the same level or above (260/1000)

Reward- Lightning Innate Ability (B-Rank), 100 System Points, 100 Stats Points, Free Skill Card*1, and Unique Weapon Card*1"

'Lightning Innate Ability will be much more useful. That will not only improve my speed but also increase destructiveness. I must complete this quest. But before...….'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Alert! Alert! Alert!"

"An instant burst of pain will occur in five seconds! Please hold on to your consciousness!"

"Your body will begin reconstruction!"

Suddenly, few red screens appeared in front of him. Mike was startled and didn't understand the reason. But when the pain struck him, he forgot the reasoning. But until then, Claire had already activated Virtual Space.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Inside the virtual space, Mike screamed in agony. This moment became the hellish experience in his life. In an instant, the pain appeared out of nowhere and kept haunting him for thirty minutes. His body began to reconstruct.

"AHhhhhh! AHhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh!" Mike wailed like a tortured beast. He felt his entire body was screaming with pain. The pain was crumbling his bones and muscles while reconstructing them again. Even though Mike was screaming in pain, he didn't even know the reason behind it.

After half an hour of Hellish Experience,

"Ugh!" Mike groaned after the pain slowly fades away. His eyes were tired and the entire body was extremely bloody. The Healing Lotus in his core was activated at once and started healing him. Mike didn't lose consciousness but he wasn't in the state to speak.

"Sorry Host, I didn't inform you previously. Gene modification is an advanced technology developed by humans. And the system has brought this modification to another level using higher ranking technology."

"Gene modification changes your genetic codes with other genes. Space Essence was from the essence of a Space-Time Bunny Race. It was transformed into the genetic fluid through the system. Only this way, you can balance the elements in your body."

"Normal Gene Modification developed by humans can only merge one kind of gene to a person. But with the system's technology, you can merge with countless genes. While maintaining half of the genetic codes as human, you can mutate several genes into another half."

"But, this also come with the cost of extreme pain since you are forcefully destroying your genes and also dominating other's genes. The pain degree increases by double."

Upon seeing these panels, Mike felt like smashing his head to the ground. But he didn't have enough stamina to do so. Just to bear that pain, his endurance was pushed to the limit. Finally, he closed his eyes and fell unconscious on the ground.

...

Somewhere near Ethen State

"Damn that pest! How dare he kill our sixth prince? Even if the sixth prince is trash among trashes, he still holds the title of a prince. I will skin that pest alive." A middle-aged man clenched his fist with the veins popping out of his hand and face.

He had a dark face with red scales all around his body. There was a heavy aura releasing out of his body. He was eight feet tall and had a bulky body.

The anger was spewing out of his eyes. Just when he was about to leave, another voice rang from behind "Idiot, if you don't want to spend your life in the Hell's Prison, stay where you are."

That voice was soft and filled with disdain. It was a woman who had the same features as that middle-aged man except for her busty chest with the size of a watermelon and curvy big ass.

"Woman, if you want to be like a coward then stay here. I was given the duty to protect the young master. No matter how bad his talent might be, he was still the prince. And, killing the prince is the most heinous crime of our race."

"I know there are rules set by the humanity and other races in the Universal Council. But, I don't give the damn. Isn't the universe giving them huge support because of their spirit talent? I would like to see whether supporting them is worth it."

Without waiting for her answer, the middle-aged man from Zeon Race strode away. He instantly appeared in front of Mike's house but surprisingly the busty lady also followed him.

Slowly, the middle-aged man lifted his hand and positioned his fingers to snap. But just before that, a voice rang on their ears.

"Look what I've found! Two half saints trying to kill a Soldier. Isn't it too much even for an ugly race like you?" Suddenly, a humorous voice resounded from behind. Both of them got startled and turned around.

When they saw a man standing behind them, their expression turned uglier. That man was seven feet tall with a body big as a small car. He had his trademark sunglasses, wearing shorts and an orange half-sleeved shirt.

He took out a Virtual Space Creator and took them to a virtual space. Both of them didn't show any surprising resistance thing that surprises them even more, was Mike's house.

"Wh---what are you doing here? Are you trying to break the rules?" The middle-aged man slowly took a step back with fear as he spoke. After all, the man standing in front of him was deadly strong.

"Well! Let's not talk about breaking the rules. I only came here to meet my disciple. I was genuinely surprised when his points increased so much considering his cultivation from a week ago." The man standing in front of them was none other than Mad Beast Emperor.

Half-Saint, S-Rank Innate Ability, the legend in most people's eyes, one man that can burst the moon into pieces with a single punch.

"Who is there?" Suddenly, a voice came from the house. The door opened and a young man walked out. He was holding a sword in his hand.

Lucas was awake unlike others and practicing in his room. When he heard some noise, he decided to check what was going on. But when he saw two monsters that looked just like the sixth prince, his feet froze.

"Are you Mike's friend? Can you call him out?" Mad Beast Emperor shouted, awakening Lucas from his fear. When Lucas saw the human standing in front of them, he released a deep breath and went inside.

He wasn't sure what should he do. So, he decided to call another. But upon remembering the sound from earlier, he blushed and didn't enter the room. Instead, he knocked few times from outside. Hearing his knock, Jenny and Mike opened their eyes at the same time.

When they stood up, their eyes met. Jenny was surprised to see Mike on the floor but didn't say anything. She wore her clothes and the same for Mike. They covered Sunny with a blanket and went out.

"What happened? Are you alright?" Mike was a little guilty of doing sex without meeting Lucas. After all, Lucas just lost his brother three days ago. Although Lucas seems fine, some scar takes time to fade away.

So, Mike was naturally worried about it.

"I am fine. But, we have a problem. Two monsters from that prince's race are outside. And, another man is standing in front of them. By the way, we are inside the blue space." Lucas gave a short and sweet explanation.

"Another man? Do you know how he looks?" Jenny curiously asked.

"Let's go out and meet them. It's not like we can hide forever." Although Mike was the first one to say that, he was still conflicted. He had just lost Luke. He didn't want to lose another one.

'Two monsters from Zeon Race! They must be the attendant of the sixth prince. I almost forgot that he was the prince. Fortunately, only soldiers can stay in Ethen State at this moment. But, who is another man? Is he trying to save us?'

While walking down the stairs, Mike tried to figure out the situation.

When Mike opened the door, he was shocked for a moment. When he glanced at them his expression froze. In front of him, three auras were shooting towards the sky. He had never seen something so horrible.

Just by the glance, he felt suffocating. When the middle-aged man from Zeon Race saw Mike, his hands clenched. But suddenly, the busty lady caught his hand and dragged him away, saying "We shall retreat now."

"Unfortunately no!" Just when she tried to leave, Mad Beast Emperor burst a powerful aura.

Putong! Putong!

In an instant, Lucas and Jenny fell to their knees. Mike gritted his teeth and tried to stand against the immense aura released by the Mad Beast Emperor. Suddenly, Mad Beast Emperor lifted his finger, pointed at them, and said "Wait until I finish my talk! After that, we have a lot to continue."

Only then, he walked towards Mike. But the Mad Beast Emperor instantly retracted his aura when he Mike bleeding from all over his body. He walked in front of Mike and smiled "Sorry about that! I just wanted to test you."

"Huh!" Mike looked at him with a dumbfounded expression.

'Who in the world test others like this? Are you sure you are not taking this out of me for getting your daughter's virginity?'

For a moment, he expected the Mad Beast Emperor to be Jenny or Liora's father. After all, he hasn't seen Mad Beast Emperor.

"I was shocked when your group earned over twenty thousand points in just a week. Not to mention, your group was so small. I checked your fights and found you defeated the thirteenth rank soldier while being the eighth rank soldier."

"That's why I ran from headquarter just to meet you ahead of schedule." Mad Beast Emperor started explaining his reason but his words made Mike even more confused.

He looked deeply at Mad Beast Emperor and asked "Who are you?"

Suddenly, the smile on Mad Beast Emperor froze.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You….. don't know me?" Mad Beast Emperor pointed his finger at Mike and then pointed at himself while asking. His action made Mike even more confused.

"I'm really sorry but I don't watch the news much often. So, I have no clue about your identity." Mike shook his head even though he felt something was wrong here. He felt he was missing something.

"I am your one and only handsome + muscular master." Mad Beast Emperor gave a nice pose of adjusting his sunglasses when he introduced himself.

"Ohhh! Wait a minute, you are the only and only Mad Beast Emperor?" Mike was once again dumbfounded by his introduction.

"It's not your fault. I don't like the limelight too much. I am afraid most women will cheat on their husbands because of me. So, I try to hide my handsomeness and strength. But, you turned out to be even more of a guy than me."

"While I was avoiding the crowd of women, you made the world's richest man's daughter your girlfriend. Good job boy! I like your style." Mad Beast Emperor patted Mike's shoulder. Hearing him, Jenny who had just stood up started blushing while glaring at Mad Beast Emperor.

As for Lucas, he was frozen in shock.

"Ar, let's go! We can't fight here." The lady spoke while releasing the dark energy from her body. They wanted to break the virtual space but suddenly noticed, it was unbreakable at least for Half Saint.

Feeling their movement, Mad Beast Emperor patted Mike and said "I will go and finish this quick. I will explain everything later, okay?"

Mike nodded his head since he was also confused about Mad Beast Emperor's arrival. He thought they would meet after this war. But his master actually came for some reason.

Mad Beast Emperor turned around and walked towards them. He didn't release his Half-Saint Aura while walking closer. He stood in front of the Ar and said "If you can take a single strike from me, I will let you off the hook."

For a single moment, everything was silent. Mike and others looked at him with confusion and shock while Ar's veins almost popped out.

"Zeon's Transformation!"

When the anger reached the top of his head, he instantly transformed just like the sixth prince. He also grew a long dick from his mouth while the black and red scale-covered his body. A long-tail appeared behind him.

And, he gazes at the Mad Beast Emperor with fury in his eyes. In an instant, powerful energy burst out of his body. This energy spread wildly destroying everything within its path. Just when this energy was about to hit Mike and others, another energy knocked it out.

In front of Ar, Mad Beast Emperor released his own energy. An energy flow around his body like an aura, but moves like liquid. It had a unique and completely different structure. This aura was purple. When it was released, Claire's voice rang on his mind "Purple! It's Purple Level Spirit."

"And, it's also the Slaughter Spirit. Host, sit down, and eat Bodhi Leaf to enter the Enlightenment State! This is the percentage chance that you will never get."

Hearing her words, Mike didn't even bother questioning. He instantly sat down startling Jenny and Luke. He took out the Bodhi Leaf that had the shape of a heart in golden color.

"Bodhi Leaf!" When Ar and the busty lady saw that, both of them shouted. Ar's tongue moved out like a viper while speaking. Even Mad Beast Emperor got curious and turned back. He knew about Bodhi Leaf. It is a sacred leaf that can only be grown in the Bodhi Tree.

And, this Bodhi Tree is the ancestral tree of Buddhism. It is very hard to obtain such treasure. Just a single leaf could cost over ten or twenty billion dollars. Of course, the transaction would be done by dark energy crystal and within auction only.

Of course, some big families and races of the universe can buy Bodhi Leaf from Buddhists of the Gautam Galaxy. It is a sacred place that lies at the core of the universe. It is said when the universe was on a constant period of war, a monk walked out with an enlightened mind.

He traveled the universe, sharing his enlightenment and stopping the war in different places. No one knows where he came from! No one knows how strong he is! No one knows the depth of his knowledge!

Seeing the Bodhi Leaf on Mike's hand, Mad Beast Emperor had many questions but he didn't ask. Instead, he turned his head at Ar and released his purple energy completely.

Ar also understood his meaning and clenched his fist. The dark energy transformed into a giant spear, appearing above his head, pointing the tip at Mad Beast Emperor. The giant spear was ten-meter long with a sharp silver edge.

The shaft was black though.

'Is that his spirit? No wonder, he was giving such a deadly aura. Although Ar will lose, he should be able to burrow few seconds. I just need to concentrate my energy in a single attack and escape.' Seeing the purple aura around Mad Beast Emperor, the busty lady made a plan in her mind.

Mad Beast Emperor coated his hand with his purple spirit, and the strange energy erupted inside his body. He clenched his fist and dashed forward. At the same time, Ar also strikes his spear at Mad Beast Emperor.

Bang!

The moment both of them collide, friction was released out. This friction was so strong that it blew everything away. Even the virtual space started cracking. Suddenly, the busty lady's eyes shone. She infused her fist with the energy and made a chop with her hand.

Whoosh!

But suddenly, a figure flashed in front of her and held her hand. All of the impacts of her strike was completely nullified once her hand was caught. For a moment, she couldn't wrap her head around it especially when she saw the face of the person who stopped her attack.

It was none other than Mad Beast Emperor. She slowly turned her head around and instantly got frozen due to shock.

Behind her, Ar had a huge hole through his left chest with his heart dugout.

One strike! All it took was a single strike to kill a Half-Saint. If this was released to the universe, it will shock everyone. But, on another aspect, if he couldn't kill a Half-Saint being a Half-Saint with Purple Spirit, then he would be trash.

Spirit is a bonus. Once a person comprehends spirits, he can use them for a powerful boost in strength. Mad Beast Emperor raised his left hand while catching her with his right hand. When she sees that, her expression turned blank.

At this moment, she could only smell death. When he hits her with a chop in the back of her neck, he extinguishes his Purple Spirit. He didn't kill her rather make her unconscious. Holding her in his shoulder, he walked towards the fallen body of Ar.

He takes out a small metal rectangular box and puts it above his body. Suddenly, the metal box extended, covering Ar's entire body. When the body enters the box, a notification rang from it.

"Would you like to recycle Half-Saint?"

"Yes" "No"

Upon seeing these two options, he clicks on yes. The next moment, another notification rang.

"Recycling Half-Saint"

......

"Recycling Complete"

"Acquired Material: Half-Saint Blood Essence, Half-Saint (Main ability)- Darkness Spear (S-Rank), 1 Billion Mutated Cells Energy and Purple Mansion"

"Decomposed Material- Half-Saint Remaining Body Parts"

Upon seeing these notifications, a smile appeared on his face. He crouches down and takes the shrunk metal box in his hand. He puts it back to his Dimensional Ring while walking towards Jenny and Luke.

"Greeting Mad Beast Emperor! My name is Jenny Flora" As an emperor, Mad Beast is heavily respected. Emperor Realm itself is different than others in terms of respective. It is not just the strongest in the Mortal world but also holds something known as authority.

Unless a person became Emperor itself, no one can explain authority, not even emperors. Because Emperor can't reveal the secret of Emperor Realm to anyone else. And, this secret is the reason why Emperor holds authority.

"Greeting Mad Beast Emperor! My name is Lucas Green." Lucas also copied Jenny's action and greeted him with a slight bow.

"Haha! No need to do that! I am no longer an Emperor. By the way, I thought there were five people in your group. Why are the other two?" Mad Beast Emperor shook his head and asked.

Hearing his question, the surrounding instantly changed. Even Mad Beast Emperor felt something was wrong. At this moment, Jenny stood forward and spoke "Luke Green, elder brother of Lucas Green died in the hands of a member of a Blood Hand Organization of Blood Demon King."

After the battle, Jenny used her family power and find out about the member's Daniel and Harry. At the same time, she showed him the record of Daniel and Harry through a tablet.

"Harry- Age 17

Innate Ability- Life Stealing Ability (S-Rank)

Cultivation- Thirteenth Rank Soldier

Background- He was born in adversity. He had a family of seven members. His father was killed by the Torres Family Head and his mother was raped by the same person. His brothers and sisters were tortured by the Torres Family as well. Only Harry and his sister Isa were left alive, latter recruited by Blood Demon King himself"

"Daniel- Age 17

Innate Ability- Book of All (Unknown)

Cultivation- Thirteenth Rank Soldier

Background- A young man who lived a life of a rich second generation until he was ten. Later, he was sold to a brothel where he got enslaved and served as an underage play toy. Although he was able to continue his school life holding another identity due to his destroyed family background. Upon awakening his Innate Ability, he was recruited by Blood Demon King himself"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Huh! Where am I?" Mike looked around him, only to end up finding himself in a white room. But suddenly, everything changed into the greenery. There were many small plants and birds around him. There were many large trees as well.

There was a river that had clean water on it at the side of those trees.

"Human Child, what would you like to learn?" Suddenly, a voice resounded in the room. No, it was no longer a room rather an entire world with blue sky and green ground. When Mike heard this voice, he looked around and cautiously shouted "Who's there?"

"Human Child, I am in front of you." The voice rang again. But when Mike looked in front of him, he could only see a giant tree. He was a little shaken. He took a deep breath and asked "Are you the one talking?"

"Yes, Human Child!" Only this time, the voice clearly came from the tree rather than the surrounding. Although there was no face or mouth on it, he could feel the voice coming from the tree. Not only by feeling the direction of the sound but also through a strange emotion.

"Two questions! Who are you? Where is this? And why am I here?" Mike asked with a shallow sigh.

"That makes three questions, Human Child!" The tree spoke

"No! The first question isn't a true question. You brought a stranger to a strange place. So, it is your duty to introduce yourself." Mike shook his head and try to make a reasonable explanation.

"Yes, you are right, Human Child! My name is...….. I don't what my name is. No, I know my name. Since the name is only identification for others to identity me. So, I go by many names such as Tree of Knowledge, Bodhi Tree, Sacred Tree of Enlightenment, Buddha's Tree, and many more."

"As for your second question, this is the world created by me. As for the third question, you have the reason in your heart. The reason that made you consume a leaf of me. So, tell me Human Child! Why are you here? What kind of knowledge do you seek? Any kind of knowledge can be obtained by the number of leaf and strength you have." Tree asked in a calm tone.

Mike got silent for a moment. He took some time to figure out the complete detail. Only after few minutes, he spoke "I want to know 'How to become an Immortal?'"

Actually, this wasn't the real reason or question. But he just wanted to know to what extent this tree can tell him about knowledge of several things.

"......" Tree got silent for a moment.

"According to your current condition. This is all I can say. Awaken your Path, open the Purple Mansion, set the Authority, transcend the Tribulation, forge the godhead, transform the soul, and control the void. Once you succeed, leave the universe and search for immortality." After few minutes of silence, Tree finally answered.

"What kind of path are you talking about? What is a purple mansion?" Mike got more curious and asked.

"Human Child, cultivation is a journey that you need to experience yourself. And for your note, don't ask these useless questions. You are wasting your time. Once time finishes, you will be kicked out of here. So, ask your real questions!"  Tree spoke

"Alright! What is Will? What is Spirit? How can I awaken Slaughter Will? How can I manifest Slaughter Will? And, also please give the clear answer!" Mike asked without any hesitation. The moment he heard the time limit, he instantly regrets wasting his time over non-sense questions.

"Will is your desire. Anything can be Will. As long as it is something that you want to achieve, it can be Will. There are two kinds of Will. Inherited Will, which has been passed down from the ancestor. Original Will, which is a person's true desire."

"As I said, anything can be desire. Whether they are big as being the Greatest Swordsman or small as finishing homework before sleep. As long as you have the desire, you can have Will. But to awaken that Will, you need to do something that you desire."

"In your case, you need slaughter to awaken Slaughter Will. You need to kill five thousand creatures approximately. Since you are getting affected by someone's spirit, you might find it easy as long as you slaughter enough creatures. As for Spirit, it is the manifestation of Will. The easiest way to manifest Will is by awakening Original Will."

"Original Will is something that you want. Once you want something, you can put your body and soul into it. And, Will is the same thing. You need to pour your body and soul into it. I mean literally merge Will with your soul. Once you do, you will be able to create a Spirit."

"But, Spirit needs something to manifest in physical form. That will be your body. Using the body as a medium, you can manifest Spirit. If you are a weapon user, I suggest you use Spirit in every battle. And try to battle someone stronger than you."

"Only by challenging yourself to the limit, you can truly take your spirit to a higher level. And, your will weapon will be a spiritual weapon. It will no longer fall within the ranking of the world of a mortal. Any other questions, you have? You only have three minutes though." Tree calmly explained everything.

"Okay! I have a technique known as 'Void Killing Sword Heart Law'. I really want to learn more about space law. But I am not a sword user. What do you think I should do?" Mike didn't digest everything rather remembered the tree's words and immediately asked another question.

"Void Killing Sword Heart Law! This law is nothing about Sword. It only has the guide to transform the Space into Sword. Moving with Sword, a single thought condenses a thousand swords, right? Then, what if you condense a thousand spears? Wouldn't it be Void Killing Spear Heart Law?"

"It has no prior meaning about the sword. It has been heavily focused on Space. If you can only learn how to integrate spear into the space, then you can achieve the result you desire. You have three options: Awaken and Manifest Spear Spirit, Learn only about Space and Transform space into spear rather than Sword."

"Best option: Awaken and Manifest Spear Spirit. Once you succeed, you can achieve the third option while only learning about the space."

"But how do I awaken Spear Will?" Mike hurriedly asked in confusion.

"Thrust your spear ten thousand times! This is the end of your time! Goodbye!" After giving his final answer, Tree bids farewell as Mike slowly disappears. But Mike was very calm. He learned more than he thinks he would.

So, he didn't want to get greedy. Once his figure disappeared, Mike slowly opened his eyes. When his eyes were opened, he had returned back to the same place. Except, he was not inside the virtual space.

He looked around and saw the tall man standing in front of him. When Mad Beast Emperor saw Mike opening his eyes, he gave him a satisfied smile.

"Greeting Master!" Mike hurriedly stood up and tried to be as respectful as he can. But he didn't need to kneel down and greet him. Just a simple bow was enough. It was a part of the culture in this world to bow to their seniors.

"Alright, you don't need to act like those from the past. Respect can't be earned at once. It needs to grow. But for now, let's go inside your house and have a talk." Mad Beast Emperor could easily see there wasn't true respect or admiration in Mike's eyes.

But that doesn't mean Mike does feel bad about him being his master. Mikes nods his head and walked inside with the Mad Beast Emperor.

"Master, would you like to have tea or coffee?" Mike asked while entering the house.

"Coffee!" Mad Beast Emperor laughed at his way of treating him as a guest. But, he still played along.

"Uncle Tiger, coffee is ready for you!" While she did show her respect at first, this doesn't mean she treats Mad Beast Emperor like other juniors. After all, Mad Beast Emperor was once a part of her family. So, it was natural for her to address him as an uncle.

But Mike was confused. After all, he didn't know both of them had a relationship. Seeing his confused look, Mad Beast Emperor laughed "Are you surprised? It seems you don't know about it. I was once a part of their family. Her father has a huge impact on my growth."

"Although, I am no longer a part of her family, I still like them."

"Oh!" Only after hearing from his own mouth, Mike understood a little. Many things weren't revealed like how they got into a relationship and how they got separated. After all, it was a family relationship since Jenny was calling her uncle.

Mad Beast Emperor grabbed the seat while Lucas also came into the main hall. Everyone sat on the sofa while Jenny sits after serving them. Sunny was still passed out. But it wasn't her fault. Her stamina was very low compared to others.

"It's good!" Taking a sip, Mad Beast Emperor praised Jenny, then turned his head at Mike and said "Previously, I wasn't planning to include you in this event. But now that you have shown strength. I believe I can make you ready for the event within a week."

"What kind of event is it, master?" Mike spoke with a curious expression. Jenny was confused because she wasn't sure whether he was talking about that or not. As for Lucas, he was completely clueless.

Mad Beast Emperor took another sip and said "The event is ........"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"The event is called Tournament of Imperial Geniuses. Each genius from a certain family, association, and academy will be sent to this event as long as his/her strength is equal to thirteenth rank soldier. Of course, most of the top geniuses are a thirteenth rank soldier."

"And, with their strength that is over their realm, it would be a hardcore battle. Just like you, there would be many geniuses. Some of them might even be from the ten richest families of the Asian Empire. Many of them have consumed dragon blood and so their strength might be a lot stronger than the rest."

"Some of them might even have S-Rank Innate Ability and genetic modification. Of course, there is another group of people that can equally stand against these top families' geniuses. They are part of human and other races also called Mixed Breed."

"No race is good or bad, only people of those races are. In these fifty years, not many mixed breeds are living on the earth. Half-Dragon, Half-Elves, Half-Wolf, and Half-Vampire are the only ones. These are the mixed breed living in Blandras State that lies in the northern side of the continent."

"Half-Dragon is much more advance in physical power. Half-Elves have immense energy provided by the nature. Half-Wolf can transform into a wolf and erupt powerful strength that can counter S-Rank. Finally, Half-Vampire is nothing too special. But their ability comes from the Main Vampire Clan."

"Each Vampire is born with an ability inherited from the Main Vampire Clan and those abilities are just as powerful as ours. Finally, there are another group of people you need to be wary of. These people are humans but they are no less cruel than any devil."

"Blood Hand Organization is a part of this main organization. Dark Raven Organization has more than fifteen emperors and one half-saint. Blood Demon King is also a part of the Dark Raven Organization. He was able to run Blood Hand Organization due to his immense talent and cruelty." While taking sip after sip, Mad Beast Emperor explained the event.

Hearing his words, the silence fell on the room. This was new information he learned from his master. But there was confusion in his eyes, as he asked "Master, what is Half-Saint? Is it a realm above Emperor?"

Lucas also curiously looked at Mad Beast Emperor. He was also very new to these things. Jenny knew a lot about it, so she wasn't curious. She was only listening to correct her speculations. But, she didn't reveal anything on her own.

Rather, she also looked at Mad Beast Emperor and let him explained.

Mad Beast Emperor took a deep breath and puts the cup on the table. He looked straight into Mike's eyes and asked "Do you know anything about Cultivation Realms?"

Mike shook his head. Seeing this, Mad Beast Emperor sighed and spoke "Cultivation realms are divided into three worlds. I only have the knowledge of the first two worlds. Since the last world is shrouded with mystery, I couldn't get the information about it."

"First World is also known as Mortal World. It is divided into five realms. Soldier, General, Commander, King, and Emperor. Although we have regrouped other races into F, E, D, C, B, A, S ranks, these are not official realms. Other races also follow the same cultivation realms as we do."

"Second World is also known as Divine World. Here, a mortal transcendence to divinity by crossing tribulation. Once you reach the peak of Emperor Realm, you need to pass through several tribulations to reach Half-Saint Realm. Divine World is also divided into five realms."

"Half-Saint, True Saint, Great Saint, Lesser Divinity, Higher Divinity. In the first three realms, we cross tribulation. In Lesser Divinity, we forge Godhead and in Higher Divinity, we can become a true god. As for the third world, I have no information above it except its name."

"Third World is also known as Void World. This is the most simplified explanation of realms. As for current you, there is no need to learn too much. Today, I will only impart the knowledge of Soldier Realm, General Realm, and Commander Realm."

Suddenly, he stopped and looked at Jenny, saying "Can I get another cup of coffee?"

Jenny was a little surprised but she quickly paces forward and pours the coffee into his cup. While taking a sip, he spoke "Soldier Realm is very easy to understand. In this realm, you create cores. And due to the mutation of cells, your physical strength improves."

"There are thirteen ranks representing thirteen cores. Each core has equal space to other cores. After you create the thirteenth core, you can finally start creating meridians in General Realm. As for what Meridians are? The easiest answer would be a pathway to the center core."

"Each meridian is created by merging several veins into one. This needs guidance, resources, and hard work. You need to form twelve meridians, each connecting with the central meridian. Once you reach the twelfth rank, you need to destroy every single core except for the center core."

"This part is dangerous and also life-threatening. But if you have proper guidance and resources, you can easily overcome this challenge. Upon destroying these cores, you suck every single core inside your center core, and then you officially reach the thirteenth rank."

"Even destroyed, each core holds a magical spatial ability. To reach the commander realm, you need to absorb the other cores to evolve your center core. Each core represents one rank. So, you have twelve cores to absorb which correspondence to twelve ranks."

"Each time you evolve core, your center core will have ten times more space. This means you will have one hundred twenty times more space in the twelfth rank. Now, you will face a problem. Even though you made such a big core, you can't fill it with the impure energy residing in the surrounding."

"To be exact, it will take years to fill your core just for once. And, during commander realm, you will understand how difficult it is to climb to the higher ranks. So, you need the help of dark energy crystals. But there is another problem."

"Although dark energy crystals provide a lot of energy, it would still take a lot of time to absorb them. You simply can't meditate for days or months just to fill your core. And, that's not even the worst part. Just by filling your core with energy won't be enough to reach thirteenth rank or even King Realm."

"Now, here comes a trick to reach thirteenth rank or even King Realm. This trick is very essential for the cultivation and probably the initial point of being a real cultivator. To reach the thirteenth rank, you need to create a big mansion inside your core. We call it a Purple Mansion."

"This mansion can do lots of things. But, it has two major functions. Storage Space and Energy Absorption. As I said before, you need a lot of Dark Energy Crystal to reach King Realm. And, you do not store the Dark Energy Crystal inside your dimensional ring."

"You need to store it inside your Purple Mansion. And, its second function helps you to automatically absorb dark energy from those crystals. And, now meridians come in handy. You have an enormous of energy inside the core but it is not ability energy."

"So, your core will release the dark energy through your meridians. Because meridians are strong and tougher, they can resist hard outbursts. Through twelve meridians, dark energy will enter several veins and finally your entire body."

"Whether you are sleeping or eating or practicing, this process will continue until the core finally gets filled with ability energy and evolves one last time. Now, it will have one hundred and thirty times more space."

"Above commander realm is King Realm. I will not tell you anything about King Realm. But, you need to remember something. If you want to create Purple Mansion, you need to learn Basic Space Law. Once you reach Commander Realm, I will start teaching you about the Basic Space Law."

"Of course, if you have talent on it, then you would be able to comprehend it on your own. But remember, no matter whether you comprehend Basic Space Law or Fire Law or Destruction Law or Spear Law, these are not your paths."

"Your path is something that you awakened during the ceremony. Your innate ability is your path. You have to remember it clearly. That means your path is the Brute Force Path. Currently, there are only two of us who walk in this path at least in the earth."

"So, I will teach you about Brute Force Path from tomorrow. For now, if you have any questions, you can ask." Mad Beast Emperor finished his explanation with the coffee. After he puts it down, he looked at Jenny and asked for another cup.

This time Jenny visited the kitchen and started preparing coffee since the coffee in her kettle was already finished. She knew Mad Beast Emperor drinks a lot of coffee especially while discussing something.

"Master, can I awaken Slaughter Will with Spear rather than a fist?" After a long silence, while digesting the information of realms, Mike finally asked a question that he forgot to ask Tree of Knowledge.

"It doesn't matter which weapon you choose. As long as you slaughter enough, you can awaken Slaughter Will. But, if you don't want to succumb to Slaughter Will, you must hold your consciousness. During awakening, you mustn't get hurt or tired. If you lose your consciousness, your Slaughter Will could take over you."

"In that case, if we are close and together with you, we could help especially someone stronger is than you like me. But if we aren't close, you might permanently submit to Slaughter Will."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It's already the evening. You should sleep well tonight. We will start our training from tomorrow." Mad Beast Emperor finished another cup of coffee and stood up. He took out the Virtual Space Creator and entered the Virtual Space.

Inside the Virtual Space, he wasn't alone though.

Outside the Virtual Space, Mike looked at Jenny and Lucas before speaking "Although I don't know what this training might be, our main goal will be to earn as many points as we can. There are many rich people in this world."

"If we want to surpass, then we must fight. Let's earn a large number of points and buy enough resources for ourselves. By the way, can we learn about the resources that Hunter Guild provides us?" Mike looked at Jenny while asking his question.

Jenny nodded her head and took out a tablet. She opened the Hunter Guild website and sign in with her id. Unlike Mike, there were many options for her id. It seems to be related to the Flora family. She opened the Resources section and a list virtually appeared in front of them.

The list was long. The names were on the left and the price was on the right. Each item was placed in an organized order.

[1. Heavenly Dragon Blood Essence- 1 Billion Points (Needs S-Rank Contribution Badge)

2. Chaos Energy Crystal- 1 Billion Points (Needs S-Rank Contribution Badge)

3. Holy Sword Excalibur- 1 Billion Points (Needs Sword Domain)

4. ......

.......

1032. True Dragon Blood- 10000 Points

......….

1524. Dark Energy Crystal- 200 Points

......….]

The list was so long that they needed to scroll a lot just to find the True Dragon Blood. Of course, they could have searched directly. But they surfed through several items hoping to find something they might need.

There was even Holy Life Potion but it costs fifty thousand points. Jenny suggested buy it after they gather enough points. But Mike already had thousand years, so he wasn't worried. He denied her and made a simplified lie. Although Jenny easily caught his lie, she didn't speak a word.

She had seen that blue interface in his eyes that only he could see. So, she had many doubts. But she didn't ask him anything about it.

"Alright, we will try to gather at least fifty thousand points within a week. Forty thousand for true dragon blood and ten thousand for dark energy crystals." After Jenny takes back the tablet, Mike thinks for a while and finally speaks.

"Okay!" Lucas and Jenny nod their head. Lucas returned to his room while Jenny and Mike return to their room. While walking up the stairway, Jenny asks "You should sleep tonight. Although you have been sleeping for three days, your body needs to be in perfect condition to awaken Slaughter Will."

Mike thought for a while and finally nods his head. Up entering the room, they saw Sunny still sleeping on the bed. This time, they didn't do anything. Mike sleeps in the middle while Jenny sleeps on another side.

.......

Castle of Demon King Atharos, One of the Three Forbidden Dungeon

It was tall as a sky, filled with grim clouds and purple lightning. Thousands of dead skulls of humans were scattered around the castle. The castle itself was on the top of a hill.

Inside the castle, there was a huge hall made out of gold and silvers. But the ground was filled with dead bodies. There were dozens of heads hanging on the tall walls like trophies. At the end of the hall, there was a massive golden throne.

A massive body with crimson armor was sitting on the throne. The massive body had a helmet over his head. There were countless complex signs around the armor. Slowly, the armor disappeared piece by piece until a man with a bare chest and black pants were revealed.

He had a humanoid face. His complexion was pale white and charming black hair. But when the armor disappeared, few chains bind his upper body. The man didn't do anything. He turned right and looked at the three lamps.

They were placed with numbers from one, two, and three. Lamp number one was still burning along with lamp number three but lamp number two had extinguished. Upon seeing this, he fondles his chin and murmured "One of them died huh!"

"Who changed their destiny? Although it doesn't matter to me, I am still curious about that person. I hope the number one will not die. That person has already reached eighteen and should have remembered their awakening."

While murmuring, he took out three small potion jars filled with red blood. Looking at the jars, he once again murmured "One of them died means one will be useless. Should I throw it?" Saying so, he tried to drop it but suddenly stopped.

"No, I can't make any mistake. It doesn't matter one of them died or not. I have waited thirty thousand years for this. I can't believe it. One of the most fearsome clans could produce a single capable person in thirty thousand years."

"Ancestors of Mixed Breed, Green Family, I am waiting for you."

At this moment, an army of thousands marched in front of him. All of them had humanoid shapes and faces but their eyes were completely white as if they had no mind.

"Celestial Race, after thirty thousand years I can finally use these puppets. Undying Puppets, with these I will rise above other races and rule this universe. Hahahahah! Hahahaha!"

But suddenly, the armor suddenly covered his body once again. After few seconds, an angry roar resounded from the armor "Damn these chains!"

Somewhere in the Divine Fire Continent,

A middle-aged man with a brown beard walked outside of Athens City. He had few scrolls on the bag he was holding. His eyes rolled around and narrowed. Suddenly, he stopped walking and thought 'Is he planning to escape? Whatever It doesn't matter to me.' He shook his head and started walking towards the forest.

'But...  Since I am trying to find the detailed map of the world, let's visit the forbidden area.' He stopped after hesitating for a moment and finally changed his path.

.....

In Ethen State,

Mike was still sleeping even though it was already eight in the morning. Only when a finger pokes at his cheeks, he waved his hand but still didn't open his eyes. Because of the pain he had gone through yesterday, he felt tired after a comfortable sleep.

The finger poked him few more times but he didn't show any sign of waking up. The finger no longer poked but suddenly kick smashed in his butt.

"Wake up Lazy butt!" A hoarse voice resonated throughout the room.

"Hehehe!" Three people who were peeking from outside started giggling when Mike smashed on the wall. The person who was poking his face was none other than his master. Even Claire was giggling inside his mind.

"Ouch! Master, this is not a way to wake someone up." Mike opened his eyes after the collision and slowly stood up. Although he wasn't wounded, it still hurts.

"You are telling me what to do? Did you forget what I said yesterday? This will be your training week. It might not be hellish but I will definitely make it harder." Mad Beast Emperor slowly walked towards him and yelled in his face.

He had to bent a lot to do so. After all, he was very tall. But when Mike lifted his face, he saw two potatoes at Mad Beast Emperor's head and then looked at his door.

"Master, why can't you duck when you enter the room? Do you have to destroy the door?" Mike shouted when he saw the cracks over the door. Although it wasn't destroyed yet, it wouldn't take a long time either.

"Humph! It is not my fault that your doors are so small. At least, think about some guests before constructing the house. There are plenty of tall people in this world." Mad Beast Emperor's face turned right as he snorted in a proud manner.

"We do not build houses for others. And, you could clearly find the difference in the wall before walking in." Mike's veins popped out from his forehead upon seeing his master's attitude.

"Alright, you two! Breakfast is ready. Let's go down and eattttt." Just when she was about to finish her words, Mad Beast Emperor had already disappeared while Mike also ran down. For him, the best cook would be Jenny.

Although his mom was also a great cook, she wasn't comparable to Jenny. When he reached in front of the dining table, he saw his master sitting in the chair while praying for the food already. He sighed and sat on another chair.

Because his main chair was already reserved by his master. Slowly, others also came down. Lucas also sat down while Jenny and Sunny started serving breakfast. In no time, six different items were already at the table.

Fried Egg, Toast, Pancake, Orange Juice, Coffee, and Doughnut. Every plate had fried egg, toast, pancake, and doughnut. Four others had orange juice while Mad Beast Emperor alone had coffee.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Alright, let's start the training." After finishing the breakfast, Mad Beast Emperor stood up and took them out. After going out of the house, Mike stretches his hands and took a deep fresh morning breath. Suddenly, his eyes expression changed.

"Ugh! This stinks!" Upon smelling the surrounding, Mike realized everything around them stinks. The whole environment was filled with the smell of dead bodies.

"Wear a mask, you idiot!" Jenny gave him a mask while showing up her mask. It was a normal mask but contains an air purifier. It had a normal shape of a medical mask and comes in different colors. The mask in his hand was blue.

'Although I never used a mask, I heard they use nano fans to purify the air.' While wearing the mask, he praised it but suddenly, a thought struck his mind 'I wonder if they have Air Purifying Underwear or Gas Blocking Underwear.'

...

'What the hell am I thinking? This is the not right time to think about it.' Mike slapped his own head to get out of his imaginative world where he was eating different delicacies all day long knowing things will never get out of his underwear.

"Mike, focus here on running!" Only then Mike saw others were already running away. Mike immediately hastened his pace while thinking 'I will browse it tonight.'

His group of five ran five kilometers without stopping for a single second. For Mike, Jenny, and Mad Beast Emperor, it was nothing. But, Lucas and Sunny were panting on the ground. Seeing their condition, Mad Beast Emperor sat on broken rock and looked at Mike.

"Mike, I will call you 'boy' from now on. Will it be okay with you?" Mad Beast Emperor asked

"It doesn't matter. I think calling me disciple would be old fashion." Mike nods his head with agreement.

"Alright, so before we officially start this training. I would like to give this to you." Saying so, he took out a crimson orb. Seeing this, Jenny's pupils shrunk. But others were confused.

"You should already know about Original and Inherent Innate Ability, right?" Mad Beast Emperor asked with a smile on his face.

"Don't tell me this has Inherent Innate Ability?" Mike looked at him with shock on his face and asked.

Lucas and Sunny also looked at the orb with wide eyes.

"Yes, this orb has S-Rank Innate Ability- Darkness Spear. Although Inherent Innate Ability isn't comparable to Original in growth, it can still show its power during battle. I think you should absorb it. Take this as my first meeting gift." Mad Beast Emperor spoke while stretching his arm.

"Master, I'm sorry but I won't accept Inherent Innate Ability. I have Brute Force and Fire Element. Although both of them are A-Rank, it won't take long to reach S-Rank. S-Rank Inherent Innate Ability only has the growth speed of Original A-Rank Innate Ability." Mike instantly rejects it.

"Huh! Are you freaking serious? When did your Brute Force reach A-Rank? Wasn't it C-Rank a few days ago?" Mad Beast Emperor instantly grabbed his hand and shouted with amazement in his eyes. Suddenly, a powerful aura swept inside Mike as he tried to look inside.

When he saw the Silver Core, he was speechless. It took him so long while his disciple only took a week or two.

"Master, you are doubting my earning ability. I might not be a businessman. But I know what advantages I have and how to use them." Mike made a proud look on his face and slightly gazed at his little brother and nods his head.

"And, here I spent years to evolve my Innate Ability." Mad Beast Emperor suddenly got disturbed by Mike's exclaim. He almost fell to the ground but noticed the orb in his hand was gone.

"Although I won't use it, I will still accept your first gift, master." Saying so, he rushed towards Lucas and Sunny. He thought for a moment and stand in front of Sunny, passing her the orb "Take it and absorb it!"

"Huh?" Sunny and Mad Beast Emperor looked at him with confusion. Suddenly, Sunny's hand started shaking as she took a step back and denied "M-Master, it is not a good idea to waste it on me. Both Lucas and Mistress have A-Rank Innate Ability, it would be good for them."

"Unfortunately, it's not suitable for them. Jenny already has something better. Even though I don't know what it might be, but it would be better than Inherent S-Rank Innate Ability. Am I wrong, Jenny?" Mike made a mysterious smile when he turned back and asked her.

"No, you are right. I have something ten times better than this. So, I won't accept it." Jenny shook her head and answered.

Then, Mike pointed to Lucas and said "As for him, he has already chosen Sword as his weapon. If it was anything else than a weapon, then I would've given it to him. But since it is a spear, he won't take it. Not to mention, he already has A-Rank Lightning Innate Ability."

"In our team, only your talent and strength are at the lowest. If you don't improve, you will be left behind. After all, you shouldn't have forgotten about the position Jenny has granted you, right?" Mike finally asks with a crafty smile on his face.

Hearing his words, Sunny's face darkened. He was right. She was behind everyone. Even with dual cultivation, she wasn't sure to catch up with others without proper talent. Finally, she mustered up the courage and took the orb in her hands. But still, she looked at Mad Beast Emperor for his approval.

"Girl, since he has given it to you, it's yours. Well, this settles my first gift. After I give him some task, I will guide you for absorbing the orb." Mad Beast Emperor released a deep breath with a helpless sigh. No one really cares about its price, do they?

Even Jenny was cool with it even though she knew the price of it. But it wasn't her fault. She treats Sunny as a part of a big family. So, she doesn't think it would be wasted on her. But still, the market price of S-Rank Inherent Innate Ability would be fifty billion dollars.

If Sunny finds this, she would be petrified. That's not a normal amount. And, more importantly, it's only the starting price.

Sunny nods her head and gripped the orb as if it was the best treasure in the world. The smile on her face widen and she took at Mike with grateful eyes. But suddenly, her heartbeat jerked because she noticed Mike was leaning very close.

He came closer to her ears and whispered "Once you absorb it, you can be a real help for me for dual cultivation."

Hearing his words, her face turned red as her heartbeat increased. She knew what he meant. And, she felt like floating up high in the sky for a moment. She didn't know how to describe this feeling. (A/N- I don't know how to describe her feeling. Just think if she has won one billion dollar lottery in our world)

"Ahem!" Mad Beast Emperor cleared his throat to gain Mike's attention. Mike also understood it and turned around. He walked in front of Mad Beast Emperor.

Then, Mad Beast Emperor looked at Lucas and Jenny "I only have the training plan for Mike. So, you can do whatever you want."

Just when he stopped speaking, Lucas turned around and walked away. He wasn't going towards home rather towards the Zombies. There was only one thing in his mind. Battle!

While Jenny retreated near Sunny, she also looked at Lucas with surprise. Sunny also looked at Lucas's back and spoke "He feels responsible."

"A man who was held like a prince by his elder brother and sister would feel the same way after losing one of them. While they were living a hard life to give him an easy life, he was only thinking of ways to repay them. But, just before he could get stronger to protect them, he lost his brother. I just hope he won't do anything stupid." Jenny had a trace of worry in her eyes.

She has begun to treat Lucas as her little brother. And the feeling of being an elder sister made her understand his pain.

"Mike, he chose the sword path because he lost his brother, right?" Mad Beast Emperor also looked at Lucas's back and asked.

"Yes!" Mike's voice carried a deep emotion. He almost choked because he had the same feeling as Lucas. Although it might not be deeply carved as Lucas's, it was still there.

"This is really infuriating." Mad Beast Emperor fondles his head and took out a potion bottle with red blood inside it and a book. Then, he looked at Jenny and called her.

"Catch up to him and give these! Tell him to practice sword only if he is truly determined. Because without a desire to practice Sword, he can't awaken Sword Will or manifest Sword Spirit. As for the blood, tell him to swallow it at once."

"I have set some Spatial Restriction on it. It will be stored in his central core and he can only absorb a certain amount of energy from it. This is the blood essence of Half-Saint. It will temper his body better than true dragon blood."

When Jenny took them, she looked at Mad Beast Emperor with visible shock.

"Thank you, Master!" Mike immediately thanked him but he didn't understand why Mad Beast Emperor gave him such a luxurious gift?

"I just want you to have a hundred percent focus on your training."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mad Beast Emperor and Mike walked in front of the horde of zombies. But, they didn't show off and tried to hide their presence using Anti-Aura Spray.

"So, am I going to slaughter them to awaken Slaughter Will?" Mike took a look at those zombies then turned his head at his master and asked.

"Not exactly! You are going to slaughter them but currently, your goal is not awakening Slaughter Will. You might need to kill ten thousand zombies. And, we can't do it and ignore our training. First, let me explain about the Training Plan. I have divided your training into three sections."

"If you can't complete one section within two days, then you are not allowed to have sex with your slave or girlfriend." Mad Beast Emperor spoke while crouching down behind the rock. He naturally didn't want to interfere, so he wants to hide.

"Master, what kind of person do you think I am? This is a serious matter. How can I consider having sex?" Mike couldn't help but feel amazed by his master's frankness. From his short hours of impression, his master seems to be like a wild beast.

Just when he thought about that, he suddenly remembered something and asked "Master, I heard you didn't kill that lady from Zeon Race. Where are you keeping her? And why didn't you kill her?"

As for the sexual reasons, he didn't even bother thinking about it. Although he doesn't mind having interracial sex, he doesn't want to do it with a lady that has a dick on her mouth. Just looking at their tongue after transformation, he felt like that would be the most disgusting thing in the world except for that genderless monster's droll.

In his previous life, he didn't like earthworms. They were the top disgusting creatures on his list. Although he wouldn't call himself a clean freak, he liked cleanness done by his mother in his room. In short, he was a lazy guy who doesn't like dirty things but doesn't clean them either.

"Mike, I hope you understand this clearly. This is the most important lesson for your life. Listen carefully!" Mad Beast Emperor grabbed his shoulder and spoke with sharp eyes.

Gulp!

Mike didn't understand but seeing those sharp eyes, he felt it must be something very important.

Mad Beast Emperor opened his mouth and said "When you look at the women, you need them for only one reason. For satisfaction! This doesn't apply to someone who has foolishly fallen in love. But someone who wants to have sex. You don't look at their race, their culture, their cultivation, their appearance, or their background."

"Listen, every man wants to bring a beautiful lady to bed. But, a true man only seeks pleasure. I-Cup Boobs, a pussy that can stretch and contract perfectly, mind-blowing blowjob technique, nice flappy ass, and a flexible body. That lady from Zeon Race possesses every single quality from below."

"In fact, she has already entered the top ten list of mine."

Gulp!

When Mike heard his description, his little brother slowly stood up as he swallowed the saliva.

"See! Even your dick knows her better. As your master, I am obligated to tell you about my life story harem. I have fucked up four thousand women till now. I am not married. But I am still taking care of three thousand. As for the remaining one thousand, they couldn't satisfy me."

"The race which you see ugly like hell has risen up to top ten in three thousand. Just imagine how good she is. In my top ten list, there are three succubi, one dragon lady, two elves, two humans, one angel, and now one Zeon. So, nev...…."

"Stop! Stop! Stop! Can we focus on training?" Mike who was getting flustered just by hearing his harem felt pitied. He shouted and forcefully stopped his master's life story.

"Alright, that's all! Let's focus on your training now." Saying so, he slowly stood up and walked in front of the horde of zombies. Mike followed him while he picked up a stone and threw it at them.

Mike instantly rolled his fire energy while looked at them intensely. But suddenly, Mad Beast Emperor patted his shoulder and said "Don't use fire element! Fire is easier to train. So, I will start with Brute Force. You have a lot to learn about Brute Force."

"Now, go ahead and punch the zombie at the very start. This will be your assessment."

"That's it?" Mike looked at him with confusion.

'How the hell is that training? It's just a normal fight.' Just when Mike was drowned in his thoughts, Mad Beast Emperor spoke with a smile "Of course, there are some single conditions. How many zombies are there?"

Mike looked at the upcoming horde of zombies and said "Nearly forty!"

"The conditions are very simple. When you punch the first zombie, your strike must kill ten zombies behind it. If you kill more, it doesn't matter but you can't kill less. And you can't use anything but Brute Force. Also, for now, you are not allowed to use Gravity Domain."

"What the hell? How can I strike one and kill ten of them without using Gravity Domain or fire element? And, how did you learn about my Gravity Domain?" Mike asked in confusion. But suddenly, his expression changed when he saw the zombies reaching near him.

"Oh no!" In an instant, he bursts the Brute Force out of the core and condensed it in his fist. He kicked his foot on the ground and dashed forward. He clenched his fist and smashed towards the zombie. The zombie was also coming with a fist.

Bang!

When both of them collided, the zombie flew several meters away knocking down other zombies. Mike also retreated few meters behind.

Pat!

Suddenly, Mad Beast Emperor slapped on the back of the head.

"Why are you hitting me? They attacked us in an instant. I had to fight back like that." Mike yelled upon receiving a slap on his head.

"Even your fighting style is a mess! Hush! With such a poor fighting style, I doubt you will be able to complete the training with seven days." Mad Beast Emperor sighed with deep regret in his eyes. He doesn't blame Mike since every youth is like him. But he does want Mike to get stronger with seven days.

"What do you mean by my fighting style is a mess? Isn't this how a Brute Force user fights?" Mike asked him with confusion on his face. He tried to make an innocent expression so that his master won't get mad at him. Because he had no prior knowledge about it.

"That's how a Brute Force should be displayed. But, you are not going to slaughter a chicken with a divine sword, are you?" Mad Beast Emperor sighed and asked him.

"But I use a spear, not a sword. So, even if you give me a divine sword, I will still use a spear. And, why would I need a sword to kill a chicken? Just a single strike from a rod will be enough." Mike spoke with an innocent expression.

"Well whatever you get the point, right? When you fight against the enemy, you first observe their strength. If they are weak, why would you need to waste so much energy? That zombie from earlier was just a fifth rank soldier. Even if you had let him punch you, it would be nothing."

"Of course, I am not telling you to get a punch. Rather, when the punch reaches few inches away, you could easily duck and dodge it. Then, you can knuckle your finger, form a punch and smash on his stomach from below."

"In such a way, that zombie will face a hundred percent of your blow. And remember what I told you about killing ten-person behind him. If you can punch him with hundred percent impact, then he will hit the people behind him with the same force."

"But when you attacked earlier, you collided with his fist. That collision canceled fifty percent of your strength. Even though you killed him, you couldn't succeed in killing zombies behind it. So now, I think we should start with a new strategy."

"But Master, zombies are already coming. Hey, what are you doing?" Just when he tried to make his master remember the existence of upcoming attacks from the zombies, he found his hands were tied by his master.

"Now, I will throw you in the middle of those zombies. Your goal is to stay alive and well without fighting back with your fist. Of course, you can use your head and leg but your hands are tied. You need to survive it for half an hour." Saying so, his master picked him up and threw him at the middle of the zombie horde.

"Master! This is not A GOOD IDEA?" Bang!

While flying in the sky, Mike shouted until he landed in the middle of the zombie.

"Ouch! Damn him!" Mike felt serious pain in his back when he landed on the ground. Suddenly, a zombie appeared in front of him and looked at him with a deep stare. It was a female zombie with a slim and slender body.

"Oh! Hello, remember me! I was the one who made you carve for my dick." But suddenly, he saw the zombie girl smashing her fist towards him.

Bang!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Holy crap! You don't have to be so aggressive. I know you are not one of those zombies." Mike slides his body and dodges it. He had a good experience rolling on the ground. He used the experience but this time, he looked at her fists closely.

This allowed him to realize the speed of her fist, direction, and power.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

'Weird enough! Either she is not using her innate ability or her innate ability is improving her physical strength.' Mike was a little confused when he saw the power of each punch. They were not very strong and nothing weird ability was used.

Suddenly, Mike raised his right leg and stomp on her face. But her punch didn't stop. So, he lifts his left leg and blocks the fist. When both of his legs were on her body, he pressed his right leg and somersaults. His strength pushed the zombie girl a few meters away.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

But he was soon greeted with punches from other zombies. He took a deep breath and tried to feel each punch. Suddenly, the time seems to have stopped and a voice rang in his ears.

"To dodge them, try to feel the aura. Every living creature has an aura. You just need to feel it. But to feel it, you need immense concentration. At the same time, try to feel your own Aura as well. For the next lesson, it will be very much helplful"

"And, you might get a punch right into your face. But, do not worry about it. Your physical body is enough to bear the strength of these monsters. And, for your information, none of them has Innate Ability now. After the death of that sixth prince of Zeon Race, every zombie and vampire has lost their innate ability with their mind."

In just a few seconds, many words were spoken in his ears. But when he turned around, his master wasn't there. He leaped on the air and looked around. But, he couldn't find his master.

At this moment, Mad Beast Emperor had returned back to Jenny and Sunny. But he was surprised to see two mats on the ground.

'We are not here for a picnic.' A thought rang in his mind.

When Jenny saw him coming, she walked to the second mat and sits there. As for Sunny, she nervously looked at Mad Beast Emperor who walked near Jenny, and asked "Are you also cultivating right now?"

"I am going to use Third Serum," Jenny spoke with a cold and indifferent tone which was surprising for Sunny. But Mad Beast Emperor didn't look surprised by her tone rather but still made a shocked face and asked "Are you sure?"

"Yes, I need to improve my talent." Jenny nodded her head and took out a syringe. It was had a green liquid inside its tube.

"Don't worry! I will take care of the rest." Mad Beast Emperor looked at her with a solemn face and spoke.

Jenny nods her head and injects the syringe into her left arm. The moment she pushes the piston, the green liquid enters her body through the veins. She closed her eyes and nothing happens for a moment.

Mad Beast Emperor walked in front of Sunny and says "Let's start!"

Sunny was startled by him but still nods her head. She takes out the orb and looks at Mad Beast Emperor with confusion.

"Now, crush this orb, and the moment you cross, drink the liquid coming out of it. It might taste like shit but don't spit it out." Mad Beast Emperor's answer clears her confusion.

She didn't waste a single second. As for taste, it doesn't matter. After all, she finally knew how much this costs. Fifty billion dollars were spent on her. She crushes the orb that broke like glass. She instantly puts it above her mouth and the red liquid falls in her mouth.

...…

That really tasted like shit. Wait a minute, how does shit taste like? She has never tasted it. So, she only knows it feels like eating Natto, Bull's Penis, Fruit Bats, Maggot Cheese from the people who have shares their experience. But, the energy from that red liquid slowly enters her veins while the red liquid stays at her stomach.

The energy revolved around her and starts creating havoc. Her blood veins started twisting in pain but suddenly, powerful energy spread out of Mad Beast Emperor and calmed those blood veins.

Even though it only lasted few seconds, that heart-wrenching pain made her cry with tears. Mad Beast Emperor looked at with pity in his eyes. She was a normal person. She didn't have any strong endurance, especially towards the pain.

She should've fallen unconscious. Unlike Original Innate Ability, inheriting others' innate ability brings chaos inside their bodies. Their body simply won't let anything take over. But the energy was very powerful. So, a clash between energy and the body started.

As painful as it might get, she held on without losing her consciousness. During her conversation with Jenny, she found only with strong Will can get stronger. Even if she doesn't have strong talent, if she makes her Will stronger, then she can improve a lot faster.

It inspires her to get better and improve even without talent. Actually, she has a powerful motivation. She wanted to beat Scarlet. She wanted to prove that every time talent is not everything. But she knows that's not true. Because no matter how much she wants to decline. Talent still plays a major role in cultivation.

At this moment, it wasn't a normal awakening. She was going through hellish pain with her skin rupturing all around her body. Mad Beast Emperor fell in confusion. He has never seen anyone inheriting S-Rank Innate Ability before.

But he knows that it shouldn't be this painful. After all, he has read some instructions about. While she was going through such pain, Jenny was also in the same condition.

In fact, her condition was even worse. She was also inheriting the Innate Ability. It was very weird but it wasn't S-Rank. At least, her aura seems to be a lot powerful especially the sword condensed out of her ability energy.

But on another hand, her entire skin was crumbling with torn muscles and broken bones. The sword hanging above her was a little weird.

It was a dark-golden sword engraved with countless mythical words. It was one meter long and two inches wide. It was a double-edged sword. While this sword hovered above her, information filled her mind.

"Kusanagi- A sword for containing the power of Eight Divinities. Each divinity is separated from the Sword. Once all divinities are gathered, even Immortal will die."

While she was reading the information, each of it shocked her to the limit of her shock-bearing capabilities. According to this information, this sword condensed out of her Innate Ability is known as Kusanagi. And, it was SS-Rank Innate Ability.

More importantly, it was just an incomplete Innate Ability. As long as she found other eight divinities, she can easily surpass SSS-Rank. But the problem would be finding them. Each divinity is the soul hidden in the depth of the universe, no one knows where.

Just a single one of them can cause a bloodbath in the universe. After her awakening was complete, her torn muscles, broken bones, and crumbling skin were restored back to their original state. The hellish pain also disappeared.

She slowly opened her eyes and faced Sunny who was still in the midst of an awakening. But her awakening was weird. It was weird to see C-Rank Innate Ability dominating S-Rank Innate Ability. Although S-Rank Innate Ability wasn't original, it was still S-Rank.

But, Sunny's Will to stay awake for some unknown reason caused the mutation in her body. The mutation continued while Jenny took out another serum. She gave Sunny another look and muttered "I never thought she would bear so much pain keeping her consciousness on. Such a poor girl!"

Although she said that, the next second when serum entered her body, she screamed in pain "Ahhhhhhhhh!"

The pain was so intense that her roar echoed throughout the city. The muscles and bones inside her were completely destroyed. There was an intense killing intent gushing out of her body. Her cells were getting mutated.

This serum consists of a Genetic Modification Liquid. It was changing her genes into something very powerful. And, that power was releasing all these killing intent.

Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!

Suddenly, powerful footsteps resonated near them. Mad Beast Emperor already knew about the pain she has to through, so he wasn't looking at her. After all, she couldn't bear to look at her suffering with such intense pain.

But the killing intent released by her body was condensing a domain. It was a red-blooded domain. But suddenly, a figure walked passed through the domain. That person also had a thick layer of the red aura. Although it wasn't as intense as the red domain, it was still very thick.

Thud!

When the figure reached in front of her, he instantly fell to his knees. Looking at Jenny who was going through the hellish pain of her body and soul getting crushed by the cells modification, two lines of blood flowed down his cheeks.

He clenched his hands right, the blood veins in his hands burst with an intense scarlet essence flowing in his veins. He raised his head with blood tears coming out of his eyes, and roared "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

The roar resonated throughout the city.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Please don't cry, okay?" When Jenny opened her eyes, shock appeared on her face. In front of her, Mike was crying. But instead of tears, blood came out of his eyes. It was surprising. But at the same time, she could see the veins near his eyes were broken.

He was overwhelmed by the outburst of Slaughter Will. Jenny recognized that because her new genes allow her to manipulate blood. It also allows her to sense and create Slaughter Will. After all, blood hides the deeper meaning of Slaughter.

The most shocked person here was Mad Beast Emperor. Because not just one but two miracles happened at the same time. But, Mike awakening the Slaughter Will. Was it really a miracle? Inside his mind, Claire sighed "I told him he could easily awaken the Slaughter Will if Mistress falls in the detrimental situation."

The love between Jenny and Mike has grown to the point where one can easily sacrifice everything for another. It was conflicting but Claire can't explain why this happened. After all, one would never know how he/she truly fell in love with someone.

Everything is just a coincidence. But a single coincidence changed many destinies. One of them would be the death of Luke.

Upon feeling her soft hand on his cheek, Mike leaned closer and embraced her tightly. His mind slowly calmed down and the bloody tears stopped falling. For a moment, he felt intense pain in his eyes. But, he didn't cry this time.

In her embrace, he just wanted to relax. Healing Lotus began to heal his injuries. Surprisingly, Mad Beast Emperor wasn't looking at them. His eyes were still on Sunny. Because, at this moment, the mutation was finally getting completed.

The wounds around her body also disappeared. And, she slowly opened her eyes. When she saw the big face of Mad Beast Emperor up close, she cried in shock "Ahhhhhh!"

Her voice started him as he took few steps back. At the same time, Mike and Jenny also turned their head at Sunny. Mad Beast Emperor shook his hand and said "Girl, I mean no harm. I was just surprised by your Innate Ability mutation."

'Huh?' Mike whose mind had barely calmed down got astonished upon hearing the Innate Ability Mutation. Then, he looked at Jenny and found her wounds were also gone. He was slightly confused about everything that happened, so he looked at her and asked "What happened? Why were you in such pain? That pain seems to be the same as genetic modification."

"Yes, I asked my dad for genetic modification fluid. But...… wait a minute, when did you get genetic modification fluid? And, why didn't I saw you taking it?" Jenny nods her head in response but suddenly his words resonated in her mind. When she thought over it, she got confused and asked.

"I bought it a few days ago. I used it inside the Virtual Space, so you couldn't hear the voice." Mike answered with a smile. It wasn't a lie. But she couldn't possibly think about the existence of the system, right?

'By the way, Claire, why did she go through the same pain as me? I thought genetic modification fluid created by the humans weren't supposed to be so painful.' Mike asked her through his thoughts.

"Host, that man is a genius. His genetic modification is ninety-eight percent the same as us. Even I am confused about how he did that? The humans living in the core of the universe aren't able to create something of that caliber. But, the properties of genes also matters. Her genes are very powerful." Claire's response was filled with an astonished tone.

"Jenny, what kind of gene did you take?" Her body wasn't showing any kind of transformation. But, the extreme killing intent from her eyes and bloodthirsty aura around her made him tangled. He didn't know what changes she has gone through.

"I don't know. My father said that it belongs to one of the extinct races in the universe. I haven't gone through any transformation. But I received a gene ability known as Blood Manipulation. I guess this might be related to Blood and killing." Normally, most girls would show disgust and horrified expressions but Jenny was very calm.

So calm, that even Mike was a little worried about her. But he gave it a second thought 'She was always calm and collected. She doesn't act like a shy or proud girl. Instead, she gives the feeling of a perfect housewife. I guess, there is nothing to worry about her."

"Alright, let's see what happened to Sunny," Jenny spoke as she walked towards Sunny who was constantly questioned by the Mad Beast Emperor.

"Boy, I have to say you have an eye for women. This girl is one of the kind. Her original Innate Ability is also one of kind. Her Innate Ability dominated over S-Rank Innate Ability and mutates into a new kind." Mad Beast Emperor patted his shoulder with a proud expression as if he was the one who has awakened mutated Innate Ability.

"Wow! Congratulation Sunny! You are amazing." Upon hearing his words, Jenny gave her a warm embrace and congratulated her with a warm smile.

"It's all thanks to Master and his master." Sunny gave Mike a bright smile with a red glow on her face and spoke.

"Tell me! What is the rank of your Innate Ability? And, what kind of mutation did it have?" Jenny who was amazed by her mutation kept asking her questions. At this moment, she thought 'I was right. It really wasn't wasted on her. Well even if it was wasted, it doesn't matter. She is a part of our family."

Although Jenny accepted her, she wasn't this close to Sunny. It was only after Scarlet's interference. She was shocked and accepted her whole heartily because Sunny picked a fight with Scarlet because of her. Even though she was thrashed, it still touched her heart.

And, she found Sunny completely accepts her as Mistress and herself as a slave. Those who accept their position do not betray others at least not in normal circumstances.

Seeing her excited face, Sunny also laughed and spoke "Mistress, my Innate Ability has reached S-Rank. The Darkness Spear merged with my innate ability and pushed it to the S-Rank. My Innate Ability mutated and transformed into Dark Illusion Realm Innate Ability."

"Wow! That's amazing but..." Jenny's smile gets even brighter but suddenly it dimmed down as she continues "You could leave us now that you are the top genius."

"Mistress, please don't say that!" In an instant, Sunny gave her an octopus hug and wept "I got this talent because I met you and master. I will never leave. Please, let me continue being your slave."

The human heart might be unpredictable. But, Sunny is not a person that will leave just because of her what she gained. Mike was right. She knew how to benefit herself. Even if she becomes their slave, she is Mike's exclusive sex slave.

Now her talent has soared, she could dual cultivate with him as well. How could she miss such an opportunity?

"Alright, alright, you don't have to cry." Jenny patted her head with a smile on her face. Sunny slowly leaves her embrace and Jenny continues "Don't worry! As your mistress, my talent will always be above you."

When she said that, she took out the dark golden sword. It was the Kusanagi Sword. Seeing this sword, Mike looked at her with confusion and asked "Hey, did you also inherited the Innate Ability?"

Hearing his question, Sunny also looked at Jenny with confusion on her face. Seeing their confusion, she giggled and explained "Yes, I did. But don't worry! It is still SS-Rank Innate Ability even though it's an incomplete sword."

"If I can complete this sword, my talent will surely soar."

"Alright, if you say so." Mike was a little worried about that. He doesn't want her to inherit other's Innate Abilities. If she wants, he could increase her talent with his chaotic sperm when his Pioneer Body evolves.

"By the way boy, how did you awaken the Slaughter Will? Don't tell me you did that because of her condition?" Mad Beast Emperor turned his head at Mike and asked with an astonished tone. He thought it would take a long time to awaken the Slaughter Will.

But it turns out, a small spark can lead to a devastating fire.

"Ehh...… I think so." Mike didn't know how to reply. He knew Claire had suggested this a while ago. But he didn't want to see Jenny in danger. So, he never thought about it. But coincidentally, she got herself in a painful situation making his heartache.

He couldn't control his emotions and led to the outburst of Slaughter Will.

"Mike!" Jenny was very much touched by him. But when she walked in front of him, her words were opposite of what he expected. She stood in front of him while he waited for praise with cute puppy eyes.

But only harsh words came out of her mouth "Mike, never do that again! I know you love me. But when love someone doesn't mean you must lose your mind. I know you care about me. But once you start overly caring about me, you will no longer be a Mike that I love."

"You might be an idiot. You might be a person that thinks with his dick. You might be a carefree person who loves to make jokes. You might be a scum who wants to fuck all the ladies."

...........

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"But I don't want you to be a person who loses his mind over emotions. When you lose somebody, when you see the person you love the most in pain, don't lose your mind."

"If you lose your mind, you will become the same as Mantle. But if you don't lose your mind, you will become a human. We humans do not awaken dark power or super cool ability just because we lose somebody. We feel pain and we cry."

"Nobody is strong enough to stop these feelings, neither you are. So, please cry, cry for me, and cry for others whom you love, but don't lose your mind. Lauren, Sunny, and I even Lucas will always support you no matter what you do."

"You slaughter the entire town, you slaughter the entire state, you slaughter the entire race, and it doesn't matter. We will never stand against you. But if you ever do that with foolish, conflicted, and irrational minds, I will always be the first to stand against you."

"Two times! It has been repeated two times. And, I don't want it to repeat for the third time. Anger doesn't solve everything. Yeah, you don't use to be in trouble, neither we do. But, when we see you in trouble, we still think before we make any decision."

"Just imagine if I was getting killed by someone and you lose your mind seeing that. As your first mistress and someone you love the most, I know you would do everything to stop me. But if you are not the opponent of my enemy, what would you do?"

"You would still try to save me. But others do not want that. Because you will only kill yourself while doing so. So, Lauren and Sunny will try to stop you. And, if that ever happens, you will release the frustration of being weak and not being able to save me on Sunny and Lauren. In the worst case, you might even end up killing one of them."

"At that moment, your love to me will change to selfish love from true love. When we love truly love somebody, we never help them if they do not need it. Because we want them to stand right by our side. Because that's what true love represents."

Mike stood there silently listening without uttering a single word. Sunny was shocked by her mistress's words. She gave Mike a deep look but couldn't speak a word.

Slowly, Jenny walked in front of him. She held his fingers and lifted them. His fingers touched her cheeks as she tried to rest. She looked at Mike with a smile on her face and spoke "I know you love me the most. You don't need to show off."

Both of them looked at each other's eyes for a long time and embraced each other until Mad Beast Emperor coughed from behind. Then, he looked at Jenny and spoke with a satisfied eye "It seems you inherited most of the genes from your mother."

"Hmm!" Mike looked at her while holding in his embrace with confusion on his face. Then, he looked at Mad Beast Emperor and asked "What kind of person is mother-in-law?"

Before Mad Beast Emperor could reply, Jenny spoke "Mother is an easy going lady who doesn't mind her husband having a harem. She knew he loves her the most. On other hand, the father doesn't want to have another wife. He thinks if he brings another bride home. His love might be selfish."

"After all, he still loves her the most and it will be bad for his new bride."

"Oh! ...…. So, you don't mind?" Mike understood their personality with a short description. But when he thinks again, he is completely the opposite of her father.

"I don't mind. As long as you don't harm or betray other women because of someone else, I really don't mind. After all, no matter how long a speech I give, I can't change that love is selfish. I think there is nothing balanced in the world. Nobody is completely good and nobody is completely bad."

"Nobody is completely selfish, nobody is completely selfless. But, we should try to make balance as much as we can. After all, Balance is Eternal." Jenny's smile bloomed like a flower as she spoke. Her final words made him a little shaken but he didn't ask anything.

She leaves his embrace and walks near Sunny. At the same time, Mad Beast Emperor looked at Mike and asked: "Since you arrive with so much Slaughter Will, you must have used everything you have?"

Mike embarrassedly turned his head and nods his head but suddenly, he lifts his head and shouted "Master, even if you don't have the teaching experience. You can't give the wrong instruction like that. How can a dead person have an aura? They were like mindless puppets."

But his master shook his head and explained.

"Every living being possesses aura even after death. The slight difference would be the type of aura they possess. While living beings possess a white aura, dead beings possess black. But these are just a term to understand aura."

"After all, you can't see anyone's aura. No matter how powerful you might be, you can only feel them. And, people divided these aurae based on color, realm, and mythical beings such as dragons and gods. Slaughter and Killing, although both of them have a similar meaning, are represented by the same color of the aura, and spawned from the same form of desire. When it comes to their uses, they are vastly different."

"Killing means to take the life of a living being. It might be one life or several. While slaughter means to take the life of several beings. When you kill somebody, their aura transformed into black. In the black aura, massive regrets, sadness, gloominess, resentment, and all kinds of negative emotions are hidden."

"If you kill one person, then those emotions wouldn't matter since they will be wiped out of the dead soul. But if you slaughter many, those emotions will combine and grow. Then, you will be haunted unless you destroy that aura. Some people call these emotions ghost, evil spirit, or even curse."

"But destroying the aura doesn't seem possible, right? After all, Aura is intangible for you. You can't touch them. So, how can you destroy them? But on another hand, they are not completely intangible, especially for your aura. If you feel their dead aura, you can feel your own living aura."

"If you can't manipulate your aura, you will soon face a bigger problem. That is why I wanted to teach you about the aura." Mad Beast Emperor explained but Mike didn't understand the problem he would face.

"What kind of problem are you talking about, master?" Mike asked.

Mad Beast Emperor released a deep breath and spoke "While Slaughter Will might be powerful, it has a major drawback. Unlike other spirits, Slaughter Spirit can give you an extra power boost based on your emotions to kill."

"But, no power comes without a price. When you kill someone if you can't control your aura. Then, your Slaughter Spirit will absorb it. Once it absorbs dead aura, it will be filled with resentment, sadness, gloominess, thought of revenge, every single negative emotion."

"Yes, these emotions can give you power. But, when you use these powers, you will slowly drown in the sea of resentment. It's like a slow poison. When you completely fall in it, you can never escape and become a slaughter machine."

"That is why I wanted to teach you how to feel aura first. Well, it doesn't matter too much. But you still have to be clear. I might have seen many people awakening Slaughter Will with ease but you seem to be easiest. And, it was also the most foolish."

"From this, I get you are emotionally weak. Well, I can't say that you must be strong from the start. But you need to start training your emotions too. Your slight mistake can change someone's destiny. So, be careful with what you do."

"You need to get physically and mentally strong within a week. After this week, we have a tournament to attend. So, let's get back to the training." Mad Beast Emperor finished his words with a loud voice scaring them for a moment.

Somewhere far in the Western Part,

A man stood in front of five zombies holding a sword in his hand. There were dozens of zombie dead bodies on the ground. He smashed his foot on the ground, lightning coiled around his legs, forming a pair of lightning boots.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

When he moved, his body flashed like a lightning. He reached few inches in front of the zombie while infusing the lightning energy into his sword. When he felt the zombie standing in front of him, he swings his sword horizontally.

"ZZZZ" Bang!

The sword released an arc made out of a lightning bolt. Instead of vertical shaped, it was shaped in an arc until it smashed on the zombie's body. The impact of the collision sent the zombie flying towards the building.

Thud!

"96" The cold sound resounded from his mouth.

With a powerful collision, the zombie fell to the ground with many broken bones. Suddenly, Lucas stopped in the middle of four zombies. The lightning released out of his left hand forming a sword. He held them tightly and glanced at the zombies around him.

When zombies attacked with their fists and kicks, he spun his body along with his hands. He had pushed himself in air to give himself a powerful spun while his sword also spun horizontally.

The lightning followed his rotation and both swords released two lightning bolts that spiraled around him. At the same time, his physical strength sucks the dust from the ground forming a giant hurricane with lightning inside of it.

Bang! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

The spiraling lightning bolt pierced through their bodies.

"Lightning Dragon Sword Art- Lightning Hurricane"

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

"100" When four bodies fell on the ground, his cold words resonated once again with the cold look on his brown pupils.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Huff! Huff! Huff!"

Lying on the ground full of dead bodies, Lucas was breathing rapidly. The tiredness was showing up in his eyes while he was slowly drowning in the darkness of his own guilt.

He held the sword in his hand tightly and covered his eyes with his left hand. Two lines of tears fall down from two different sides and he murmured "Why did you leave me, brother? I feel so lonely without you."

For a long time, he mourns losing his brother. After he stops crying, he sits on the ground and closes his eyes. He focuses on his body and blood inside his core trembled.

"Ahhhhhhh!"

In an instant, the powerful energy burst out of his core and spread throughout his veins. This powerful energy was chaotic and filled with intense dark and negative energy. This energy tempered his cells and the mutation starts. Even though this energy was powerful, the amount was very low.

This amount was only five percent of total energy in the blood essence. But it was already painful to absorb. In fact, three percent was already the capacity of Lucas. But due to the hunger for strength, he was screaming in pain and absorbing five percent energy.

His cultivation rapidly rose but more importantly, it increased his physical strength like the dragon blood. But unlike dragon blood, it could still improve his cultivation. Lightning rumbled around his body. The purple lightning was very strong as a single bolt of five-meter-long lightning was creating a deep hole in the ground.

After cultivating for eight hours, he stood up with a bolt of purple lightning flashing from his eyes. He puts the sword back to the sheath and murmured "I need another sword. Dual Sword Style would be much easier for me."

It was already getting evening. When he passes through the same place, he didn't see Mike or anyone else. He nodded his head on his own thoughts and ran towards the house.

Click!

Opening the door, he entered the house. When he lifted his head, he saw Mike and Mad Beast Emperor sitting on the couch while Sunny and Jenny cooking in the kitchen. Mike's eyes were closed while Mad Beast Emperor was instructing him about Spirit.

"You are back! Wash yourself! Food is almost ready." Jenny saw Lucas walking inside, and spoke with a gentle smile on her face. She was wearing a white apron while holding the knife in her hand. Behind her, Sunny was cooking something.

Lucas nods his head and entered his room. He took some clothes and entered the bathroom. After ten minutes, he walked out while wiping his head with a towel. He was wearing a blue t-shirt and dark moss green shorts that reach his knees.

He was wearing a watch on his left hand which seems a little more high-tech than normal watches. It was given by Jenny in case he needs to contact them. It can turn invisible. You can call, message, log in, and use a browser with a holographic display.

"Ahh! You are already here. I thought I need to go out and find you." When Mike saw Lucas walking out of his room, he chuckled from the dining table.

"I still have a better sense of direction than you." While walking towards the dining table, he spoke. He wasn't smiling but his tone wasn't cold as the previous time either. He was still having a hard time excepting the truth though.

There were several foods served as the dinner. The chicken pasta was also present. There was an Instant Pot Chicken Marinara with Polenta, Ratatouille Sausage, Pork Chops with Mushroom Cream Sauce, Tikka Masala Soup, and Rice.

There was some vegetable combo like Broccoli with Carrot, Lady Finger with Potato, and Cabbage. There were some drinks too. The entire table was filled with food.

"Alright everyone, let's start!" After jamming his fork on the chicken breast, he happily shouted.

Others glared at him but didn't stop. Mad Beast Emperor prayed before he started eating. While everyone was eating, Lucas looked at Mad Beast Emperor and spoke "Thank you for the Sword Book and Blood Essence, Emperor!"

While putting the mushroom in his mouth, Mad Beast Emperor spoke "Don't overly rely on this. I am only giving you a boost until you gain solid belief in your sword. It can improve your cultivation speed and physical strength till Commander Realm. After that, you must rely on yourself."

"Since you have no prior knowledge of sword, you should follow every instruction written on that book. Although it is not some sword fighting style, it has a record of all basic and advanced sword mastery."

Hearing his Lucas nods his head with a solitude expression. Hearing their words, Mike thought 'Now that I remembered, I should check on my status. Maybe, I should also take a peek at Sunny and Jenny's status since their strength has grown.'

'Claire, show my, Jenny, and Sunny's status!' Mike commanded through his thoughts. In an instant, three panels appeared in front of him.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Eight Rank (Fifth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Scarlet Brute Force- +80STR (A-Rank)

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-6)

STR: 838 (Divine Sun Body +30)

AGI: 741

INT: 752

STM: 730

DEF: 828 (Divine Sun Body +30)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+400 STR), Super Speed (+400 AGI), Super Endurance (+400 DEF)

Skills- Inferno Booster, Meteor Fist, Fire Spear Strike, Howling Tiger Spear Art, Ultra-Sonic Punch, Storm Steps and Fire Demon Fighting Four Direction

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence, Golden Buddha Kong Body, Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 339860

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1, Beast Taming Gas, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Bodhi Leap*1, Evolution Stone*25"

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"Name- Jenny Flora

Age- 17

Cultivation- 10th Rank of Soldier Realm (Seventh Evolution)

Innate Ability- Raging Dark Demon Dragon (A-Rank), Kusanagi Sword [Incomplete] (SS-Rank)

Genetic Ability- Blood Manipulation

STR: 1152

AGI: 497

INT: 485

STM: 370

DEF: 1121

Status- First Mistress (Wife)"

"Name- Sunny

Age- 16

Cultivation- 5th Rank of Soldier Realm (Fourth Evolution)

Innate Ability- Dark Illusion Realm (S-Rank)

STR: 216

AGI: 235

INT: 268

STM: 204

DEF: 217

Status- Sex Slave"

'Wow! Sunny's stats really bloomed. And, I can see Jenny's genetic ability. Wait a minute, Claire, didn't you say that I can't look at their cultivation technique or fighting art. So, why can I see her genetic ability?' Mike was amazed by their stats. But he sighed a breath of relief since Jenny's stats haven't surpassed her.

But he was still surprised that he could see her genetic ability.

"Host, you can't see their art of technique. But, you can see their bloodline, innate ability, and genetic ability since these are merged with their bodies." Claire explained in his mind.

'Oh!' Mike nodded his head as his confusion cleared a little.

"By the way, I am going to use Dragon Blood tonight. Nobody has an opinion, right?" Although it didn't matter much, she still said to make them motivated. Lucas was already motivated after hearing her words.

Puff!

But, Mike spills every single inch of food he was chewing on the ground upon hearing. He stood up from his seat and shouted "Jenny, we planned to cultivate together. Did you forget that already?"

"Huh! When did you plan that?" Jenny asked him in confusion. Even though she doesn't mind dual cultivating with him whenever he wants, she was still in dark about it. After all, Mike hasn't told that to her.

"Just now." Mike calmed his expression and spoke while sitting down. He starts eating his food without even waiting for her reply. After all, he knew he forgot to tell her. After all, without dual cultivation, it would be hard to reach the thirteenth rank within seven days.

"Oh! By the boy, since you want to cultivate at night. Then, take these!" Mad Beast Emperor was a little surprised by his words. But he was satisfied with Mike. After all, he had trained all day and now he wants to cultivate diligently at night.

He took out hundreds of white orbs from his dimensional ring and place them on the table inside a bag. But suddenly, he thought for a moment and takes out another hundred white orbs.

"There are two hundred white orbs in these bags. Split them between the four of you and cultivate hard. Each orb holds the energy of a million mutated cells. These can surely help you increase one rank within a single night."

Hearing his words, their eyes shone brightly. Mike almost drooled and spoke earnestly "Master, you are so good to us."

"Haha! Do you think so? If you really feel that good, then enter top ten in this event." Mad Beast Emperor leaves an embarrassed laughed. Unfortunately, that laugh didn't last long and got replaced by a serious tone.

"But Master, I don't understand. Why are you so invested in this event? You are already half-Saint. I don't think the earth has anything that can catch your eyes, right?" Mike looked at him with confusion and asked. After all, his master was too generous.

Mad Beast Emperor hesitated for a moment and finally spoke "Umm...….. First of all, these resources are gained from another Half-Saint that came to kill you. As for why I want you to enter the top ten, it's because ..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It's because I want to leave the earth." His answer made them dumbfounded. They didn't know what he really meant by leaving the earth. And more importantly, who could actually stop him?

Seeing their confused face, Mad Beast Emperor explained "As a Half-Saint, I can't grow stronger in the earth. But, I have made a promise to leave the earth only when my disciple participates for the King's Title."

"In King's academy, King Title holds a special authority. If you have King Title, your status would be equal to that of the Academy's Dean and other emperors. Even if you are just a Soldier, you can do anything you want with that title."

"But not everyone can participate in the competition for King's Title. Only a few students are selected regardless of their background. Even if I am a Half-Saint, I can't choose you as a participant for King's Title. So, you must reach the top ten to participle in it."

"If you reach the top ten, my promise would be fulfilled and I can leave the earth. I also want to travel the universe and get stronger."

Hearing his words, four of them silently looked at his expression. They could only look at his expression filled with an earnest feeling for adventure. At this moment, Mike couldn't help but stare deeply at him for a long time.

'Is this also a destiny? Or, is it because of newly changed destiny? Or is it just a coincidence?'

He couldn't tell the answer. There were too many similarities for it to be a coincidence. Both were sex lovers. Although Mike only likes beautiful babes, both don't care about races in most cases. Both had Inborn Brute Force Innate Ability.

Both of them started from the lower Innate Ability Rank. Both of them shared the same dream. The only difference between him and his master would be the system. He wanted to hold the title of God of Sex because of the system.

It's not his dream. It was never was.

Immortality? No, it was never his goal either. Yeah, he wants to be an immortal like any normal person would. But that's not his goal or dream. He wanted the greatest adventure that a man can never dream to have.

Women, money, power, control, politics, love, tragedy, wars, being a hero, saving the world, fighting against the entire race, life is too short, he wants to live and go through everything. This was his goal when he started his life even before the system's interference.

Of course, he doesn't hate the system for involving him in something different than his real goal. In the end, he could still achieve all these while flirting with Heavenly Maidens and Supreme Fairies. Remembering these, Mike's expression suddenly changed.

'No, I don't want tragedy. My quota for tragedy should be completed. I don't want more.'

Thinking of this, he bitterly swallowed his meal and suddenly stood up. His action made everyone surprised as they looked at his face with a confused expression.

He looked back at his master and said "Master, I will definitely reach the top ten." Then, he sat down and starts eating without caring about his expression.

His master made an astonished expression when he looked at him eating. Suddenly, a burst of laughter rang in the room.

After finishing dinner, Mad Beast Emperor entered the Virtual Space. His Virtual Space is almost the same as a dimensional ring that could store living beings. Lucas also returned back to his room.

As for others, they went to Mike's room. Although he said that he would reach the top ten, he knew this is going to be hard. He knows there should be some geniuses from rich families consuming more than ten drops of dragon blood.

Although it's just ten drops, the strength will be increased to four thousand STR stats. Even as a general, Lauren's strength would be less than that. That's why Mike will do everything he can to improve his strength.

At the same time, he used fifty million mutated cells worth energy and twenty evolution stones on slime. He also used one hundred thousand system points to manipulate the evolution to a certain extent.

Even though it is still not fixed, the slime will certainly have human transformation ability and regeneration. After entering the room, he instantly grabbed Sunny and Jenny into his embrace and jumped on his bed.

"Are you so hungry already?" Jenny pinched his nose and giggled while Sunny started undressing. Although she was getting stronger, she wasn't ignorant. She had still kept the special condom to keep his strength.

Mike smirked at her words and took down her track. At the same time, Sunny unzipped his pants and took out his little dragon that was slowly rising up.

First Heaven, Second Heaven...… Nine Heavens, but it didn't stop there. It continued and only stopped upon reaching thirteenth Heaven. Seeing that thick rod in front of her, Sunny swallowed her saliva but once again produce a lot.

She came closer to his rod and spit on the tip. At the same time, Jenny got above his head while sliding her panty. Mike extended his tongue out and licked the outer part of the cave while feeling the bottomless pleasure at his lower half.

Then, he slowly pushed his tongue inside while swinging it around. He carelessly pushed different parts of her cave and slowly moved his tongue towards the G-Spot. At the same time, he made several movements inside her cave.

"Ahh! Hmmm! Yesssss! That's the spot!"

As her moan got louder, he revealed his bare teeth and took a bite at the tip, giving her a torturous sensation. But soon, that sensation merged with the pleasure as his tongue went deeper. Whether it was pain or pleasure, Jenny started enjoying it.

At the same time, Mike was enjoying themself as well. His little dragon was coming in and out of her mouth pussy. At the same time, her movement of the tongue with the friction of her lips caused him to shiver with pleasure.

He slowly understood the pleasure of having a prostitute babe sucking his dick. It was a heavenly pleasure. But Mike soon realized he wasn't here for pleasure alone. He needs to cultivate as well. So, he revealed his Sex Aura and made Jenny cum.

After that, he instantly removed Sunny and placed Jenny above his dick. Seeing his intention, she slowly moves down while taking half of the monster inside. She obviously couldn't take it all in. So, she started moving her hips up and down.

At the same time, Mike started fingering Sunny like usual. But this time, he didn't use Pleasure Hand Divine Ability. He simply used his finger technique as usual and made her moan.

While doing so, his mind was focusing completely on the Chaotic Path towards Harmony. When yin and yang are combined, chaos blooms. But only when there is harmony, chaos will be present.

Otherwise, it would be impossible for chaos to appear. And, because of harmony, chaos only does evolution and nothing else. The Chaos Energy produced by each pounding was getting larger and larger. After Jenny inherited another Innate Ability, her talent soared.

Especially because her original ability was already A-Rank and now, she also has SS-Rank. Even though it is inherent which decreases the cultivation speed by one rank, it is still S-Rank. Mike pounded her for ten intense minutes in several positions until she cums.

After that, it was Sunny's turn. And now, he didn't need to break his concentration over Chaotic Path towards Harmony. Her talent has soared to S-Rank. So, when he started pounding her, his cultivation also soared.

Sunny was better than Jenny. Unlike Jenny, she was not only giving him intense pleasure but also having sex for a longer period. At this moment, Mike realized another benefit of having sex with a professional.

When Chaotic Path towards Harmony runs, it just wants to flow like water in the river. But, he can't continue like that. Once his partner gives up, he needs to start again from the scratch. After going over ten minutes, the chaos energy produced by each pounding was twenty times higher than the chaos energy at the start.

Each time his thick rod enters her cave, yin and yang merge together. It takes time to adjust harmony and to make a complete harmony is even harder. Even after fucking her for fifteen minutes, the amount of chaos energy was only increasing.

But at the same time, Mike's speed of pounding was also increasing. But, he soon noticed a problem. Although yin energy was coming out of the condom, anything from outside wasn't going in. This technology was flawless but at the same time, it made him a little depressing.

So, after fifteen minutes, he stopped Chaos Path towards Harmony. In an instant, he realized Sex Aura. Then, he positioned her. She stood on her legs while facing the opposite. Mike caught her hand as she bent down and slams his thick rod inside her.

"Ahhhh!"

"Yesss" "Oh man!" "Fuck! I love it!" "Harder Master, do it harder!"

Sunny drowned in pleasure as she kept moaning like a bitch. Her expression was extremely lewd with her tongue out drooling just like a genderless monster. Except that her drool didn't stink. In fact, he enjoyed that look.

After five more minutes, she came. So, he went in front of her and said "Suck it!"

With no hesitation whatsoever, she started sucking and drilling it inside her own mouth. That time she realized what Mike wanted to do. So, she started utilizing each and every technique she knew to make him cum.

"Take all of it in!" After two minutes, Mike pressed her head as his dick entered deep in her throat. The fresh and hot sperm mixed with chaos energy entered her stomach as she gave a satisfied expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On the Seventh Day

Bang!

Mike stood in front of the zombie that was throwing his fist at him. When the fist reached few inches in front of his face, he slightly dodged it by shifting his head at left. At the same time, he clenched his fist and jabbed on its stomach.

The punch sent zombies flying several meters across the road. But at the same time, he was surrounded by dozens of zombies and Halflings. He slammed his foot on the ground, giving him a short leap. When he was in the air, he raised his right foot and slammed it on the neck of a zombie.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

When that kick smashed the zombie, it flew in a circle. Every zombie and Halfling in the first circle were smashed by that zombie. And each had an equal share of impact. In an instant, five of them were defeated.

Whoosh!

When he landed on the ground, a powerful fist attacked him from behind. It was fast but Mike ducked down. After six days of regular training, he was able to sense the aura around him to a certain extent. Not to mention, he could easily surpass the zombie punching speed by five or ten times.

Bang!

When he ducked, he raised his right leg backward and slammed on the chest of that zombie. An intense Brute Force burst out of his feet and smashed the zombie at the crumbled building behind him.

As both of his palms were on the ground, he slightly exerts some force and front flips his body. But the number of zombies and Halflings wasn't slowing down. There were still a lot of them. He closed his eyes for a moment even though some of the Halflings were already throwing their punches and kicks.

A White Layer of energy coated around his fists. For a moment, it seems very peaceful. But when the coating finished, extreme violence erupted from his fists. It was the Slaughter Spirit. After training for six days, he was able to manifest the Spirit using his body as a medium.

Spirit has a different cultivation system, unlike the normal cultivation system. It can't be trained with the help of the Ascending to Godhood either. The only possible way to train the spirit is by training your soul and body.

The soul is the storage. It stores the spirit upon merging with it. With the soul, the spirit will grow with it. But there is a limit to how much his body can hold the spirit. If his spirit is too strong, he might not be able to handle it properly with a weak body.

And so, he will get tired very soon. At the same time, if his spirit is weak, he might run out of spirit in the middle of the battle. Either case is disastrous against the strong opponent. That's why he must balance both requirements.

The spirit is stored in his soul and the body manifests it. Both need to be equally strong. Upon coating his fist with the spirit, he released an intense Slaughter Will.

But at the same time, another spirit burst out of him. It was also white so one couldn't see much difference. But when it was released, the blood inside his body boiled. His mood for fighting also changed. As if he was addicted to it, he started punching and kicking those zombies with a big smile on his face.

But soon, after two minutes, he started feeling tired. Using two Spirits at the same time was toiling his body a lot. But it was also the only way to get used to this. His master was surprised when he awakened Fighting Spirit with Slaughter Spirit.

Both are heavily influenced in battle. And, awakening both is kind of like a plus point. Unfortunately, he still needs to adapt to these spirits. So, when his body started feeling tired. He instantly released his Gravity Control.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

Most of the zombies didn't even get a chance to strike him. With an immense force of gravity, every single one of them was buried six feet underground.

Now, he was able to use Gravity power without pressuring himself to a certain limit. After all, Gravity has no limits. But he has. So, he needs to be careful while using the power of Gravity.

"Claire, show my status!" Mike took a deep breath after killing all the zombies and Halfling. He sat on the broken stone and spoke.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (First Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Scarlet Brute Force- +200STR (S-Rank)

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-7)

STR: 1052 (Divine Sun Body +35)

AGI: 951

INT: 962

STM: 940

DEF: 1043 (Divine Sun Body +35)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Supernova Explosion, Bright Stars Fall Evening, Burning Tiger Howling Spirit Spear Art, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Fire Demon Fighting Four Direction, Storm Steps, and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist), Explosion Domain (Inferno Booster)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 98562

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Bodhi Leap*1, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

There were many things that changed during six days. He not only practiced spirit but also most of his skills. Using a lot of enlightenment stones, he recreates many skills.

Supernova Explosion- Although it sounds like an attack move, it was created to be used for movement. Condensing the scarlet essence in his palm or feet, he can shot the flames with ten-time more forces and soar with speed close to Mach 1.

He can also use it for attack by shooting a fire stream on the opponent.

Bright Star Fall Evening- Romantic but also a deadly move. When it is used, he needs to release Gravity Control. Using the Gravity Control to affect the gravity vertically towards the space, he can move the chunks of rocks residing in the upper atmosphere.

At the same time, he also needs to release Scarlet Essence. So, when Gravity Control attracts several chunks of rocks, the scarlet essence will change it from its core. It also acts as a protective layer until it reaches the ground.

So, the molten pieces of rocks will fall like the star fall, brightening the battle better than the sun.

Burning Tiger Howling Spirit Spear Art- It is an incomplete art. He still needs to realize the Spear Spirit to complete this art. But each and every move in this art has been completed. He just can't bring each move to life.

Heavenly Dragon Melody- It was specifically created in the memories of Luke with the power of Ultra Sonic Punch. Now, he can shoot the sonic blast or sonic attacks without punching. But no matter how he uses it, each wave of sound will produce the massive phantom of a dragon.

Hyper Speed Spear- After completely mastering the first stage of Void Killing Sword Art and Spear Will, he was able to merge the spear with space to a certain extent. Bending the space in his Will, he could create a spear with the power space that can travel faster than light.

Of course, from his current strength, it's still impossible. But, it does have the speed next to teleportation. Unfortunately, it doesn't have power or sharpness. So, he can only use it for one last strike that can completely take his enemy's life.

After he pushed his Inferno Booster to A-Rank, he was able to manipulate the explosion in a certain domain. Due to the Inferno Booster reaching A-Rank, he was able to make some small changes and create Supernova Explosion.

Rather than saying he changed, he just merged Explosion Domain with Inferno Booster. Now, that's why he was able to stack up an enormous amount of force in his palm in a short amount of time. Fortunately, Explosion Domain is much safer than Gravity Control.

Because even when he explodes fire inside his body, he wouldn't get hurt unless he explodes all of his fire energy. His Golden Buddha Kong Body also improved a lot. Now, he won't get hurt by any kind of physical attack within the Soldier Realm.

It was a really powerful divine ability. And, now including his own current physical defense and unique ability, he can fight even first and second rank generals. But that is only for normal generals. If he fights against A-Rank or even B-Rank Innate Ability General, he will be miserably defeated.

At the same time, he wouldn't be able to win easily against geniuses like Jerry and Jenny. And, if Harry and Daniel also consume dragon blood, then it would be much harder. Fortunately, due to the number of zombies his team has slaughtered, he will get two drops of dragon blood.

It has already been delivered to his home. After all, today the war has been officially finished. Those remaining zombies and Halflings will be soon teleported to Hell. After finishing these zombies and Halfling, he didn't slaughter more.

He knew they will be soon teleported to Hell. So, why waste his energy? Unfortunately, Mike doesn't know what kind of trouble earthlings will get if these zombies and Halflings are teleported to Hell.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Umm!" A slight moan came out of a young man that was sleeping on a bed. His eyes slowly fluttered. When he opened his eyes, he saw a white ceiling. At the same time, he felt immense pleasure from the bottom.

"What's happened?" For a moment, he couldn't comprehend his current situation. He was sleeping on the bed and a beautiful lady was sucking on his dick and kissing his balls. That seductive movement of her tongue was bringing an immense pleasure.

Slowly, he found information bit by bit and finally gave a laugh "Hahaha-Hahaha!"

"Hmm! You're awake." When the lady heard his hectic laugh, she immediately stopped sucking his dick and gave him a cold glare. She slowly stood up and covered his dick.

"Hey, shouldn't you finish what you started?" Mantle saw her leaving and shouted.

"One hundred thousand dollars!" The lady didn't leave after hearing him and walked to his side. She spoke with a seductive smile on her face. That sexy face, big boobs, and curvy ass was giving the feeling of a succubus.

"Fuck! You are toying with me." Only then Mantle understood her reasoning. One hundred thousand dollars was a lot even for him.

"Lie down! You are not strong enough to move. I was just healing your wounds so that you can recover fast." The lady gave him a snort and leaves with few words.

Mantle could only see that big ass swinging around as she leaves the room. After she leaves, three figures enter the room. Two of them were Harry and Daniel. As for the man standing in the middle, he was the Blood Demon King.

Wearing a crimson t-shirt with jeans, he was over six feet. He had a muscular chest and few muscles on his arms and legs. He wasn't bulky like Mad Beast Emperor rather like Lucas. He had a pale white complexion and red pupils with red hair.

There was a hint of bloodthirsty expression on his face. He had a long nose and a clean shaved face. As they walked near Mantle, he tried to get up. But the Blood Demon King pressed him and said "Stay down! You need to heal faster. You don't want to miss training, do you?"

When he spoke, his voice was a little heavy like a middle-aged man. This heaviness also holds his power.

Hearing his words, Mantle settled down and looked at them. He was a little confused about how to face him. After all, he has never served anyone till now.

"Daniel told me about everything that happened in Ethen State. Congratulation on clearing one of the obstacles in your path. After you recover, we can start training your Spirit. At the same time, you will receive the Blood Demon God's blessing."

"Thank you!" Hearing his words, Mantle's eyes were filled with gratitude and worshipping as he thanked him.

"No need to thank me like this! After you finished your training, you need to show your thanks by completing the tasks given by me. Your Devil's Spirit has unlimited potential, so you are granted Marquis Rank from this moment onward."

Saying so, he turned around and left the room without giving a single glance.

"Holy shit! You are amazing, newcomer. You already got the Marquis rank for which we had to complete three deadly tasks. I guess this is the disparity of talent." Harry made an exaggeration as he patted Mantle and praised him. At the same time, his mood also got worsen.

"Seniors, you shouldn't lie to me like that. Your talent is S-Rank while mine is only B-Rank. How can you still remain as Marquis when I just become with Devil's Will alone?" Mantle felt it a little unbelievable when he said both of them are in the same rank.

"Of course, you don't know anything about Will and Spirit. For a human, awakening Will might not be very difficult. But, do you think any good or normal human will slaughter ten or even twenty thousand people to awaken Slaughter Will which was supposed to be the easiest Will to awaken."

"Not to mention, you awakened Devil's Will. It might be equal or even better than the Demon Will awakened by the Blood Demon King. Of course, he also has awakened Slaughter Will since it is a lot easier once you kill enough." Harry explained while looking depressed.

'A talent stronger than him? ...….. So, why am I following him?' A doubt arose in his heart but soon calmed down 'No, I can't believe in others. I must improve myself before taking any steps. I can't risk my opportunity in blind guess.'

After thinking for a while, he finally calmed down. He didn't want to create any suspicion. After all, he was still just a marquis in the Dark Raven Organization. Although he didn't know Harry and Daniel's rank, he knew about the ranking of the Dark Raven Organization.

Commoner, Viscount, Marquis, Duke, Prince, King, Emperor, and Sage.  While commoner was the starting point, Sage was the highest rank. As a Marquis, he had more authority than many but was still considered low in status.

After all, there were five ranks above him. And each holds immense power. As a Marquis, he can only enjoy the resources of the Dark Raven Organization while a Duke can create his own small force. As for the Prince, he can do a lot more than creating some forces.

He can easily control Duke and do some crucial tasks. King has the authority to create the forces like Blood Hand Organization. And, Kings are the only people who can actually manage the entire Dark Raven Organization because Emperors only make top-level decisions and Sages rarely appears.

While they started talking to each other, Blood Demon King strode straight inside a hall. While walking, a shadowy figure appeared upon his call "Blood IV, I need you to gather all the higher-ups including emperors for the major discussion."

"Tell them, it's about Lesser Divinity Tomb"

The wind blows and Blood Demon King murmured "They still can't hide the flow of wind. It seems I must make some harsh punishment. A shadow should be a shadow and nothing else."

15 minutes later,

Blood Demon King was sitting on a chair. There were fifteen to twenty chairs surrounding a round table. Most of the seats were packed with shadowy figures while some were empty. The Blood Demon King stood up from his chair and spoke "I want to personally visit the Lesser Divinity Tomb."

"Impossible!"

"We will never allow you to take such a huge risk."

"Blood Demon King, your existence is very important to Dark Raven Organization. You must be safe."

Bang!

"I didn't come here to hear your rejection. I was simply informing you. Two months from now on, I will enter the Lesser Divinity Tomb with my new attendant. If you really have the time to complain, then find out how Revolution tracked our teleportation and took away those zombies and Halflings." Hearing their answers, Blood Demon King suddenly slammed his fist at the table and spoke with a hoarse tone.

"Trevor, just because you are talented doesn't mean you are above us. Don't forget you are still the King!" Suddenly, a middle-aged man stood from his seat and walked in front of Blood Demon King. He was nearly seven feet as he looked down on him and spoke with a murderous aura coming out from his eyes.

Blood Demon King's name was Trevor Shah. Not many people know his true name. Only a few have knowledge about it.

"You know what? Fuck you!" Showing the middle finger of his left hand, he clenched his right fist. He took a step forward and slammed a punch. The middle-aged man was enraged by his action as he also clenched his fist and slammed a punch.

Trevor's fist was blooming with Blue energy that coated his fist. When his fist moved, the surrounding changed as if it was covered in blood.

Bang!

Suddenly, a figure appeared between them and caught their punches in each hand. The man standing between them was another middle-aged man. He caught their hands and looked at the middle-aged man, saying "Trevor Shah is allowed to enter the Lesser Divinity Tomb and that's the final decision."

Then, he turned at Trevor and said "You can raise your point but don't think you can decide everything on your own. Your talent is strong and your strength complements it. That's the only reason why we are allowing you to enter the Lesser Divinity Tomb."

After he spoke, he lets their hand down. Trevor gave him a deep look and then returned back to his seat. The middle-aged man also did the same. The middle-aged man standing had a unique dressing style. He was wearing a shirt, tie, and a coat in his upper body while wearing shorts below with slippers.

It was a really weird combination. But, he had a serious expression on his face as he threw a book at the table and said "Alkiwon and all six governments has finally formed a truce. This time, it won't be just other humans. They will also enter the Lesser Divinity Tomb including one of the two geniuses of Alkiwon Race."

"Since Alkiwon Race has finally formed the treaty with them, it will be much more difficult for us. We need to start our pact with Witch Race as well. Abraham, Nick, and Jones will visit the Witch Race as envoy and proceed with the discussion for the treaty."

When he spoke, three people looked at him with narrowed expressions. One was a young man, while the other two were middle-aged men.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After entering his house, Mike stood at the front door with shock all over his face. He was frozen from his body and soul. Because Lauren was sitting in front of him. She was sitting on a stair with Lucas and Jenny trying to calm her down.

Tears were falling down her cheeks as if they were everlasting. Those red eyes seem to be soaked in tears for a long time. And, it indeed has been a long time. Because Lauren already knew that her brother was dead.

It was only Mike who couldn't face her. He was emotionally very weak and so he couldn't muster up the courage to call her or even think about her. But now when he stood in front of her, he didn't cry. If he was as same as one week ago's Mike, he would have cried.

That's why he cried with Lucas. He was emotionally weak and so he cried because Lucas was also crying. Even though only one weak has passed, he was able to hold back his tears. But he still couldn't speak a word. He stood there frozen like wood until Lauren fell on his arms.

He saw her coming but he could neither dodge nor embrace her. He was just standing there like a frozen wood.

"Waaaaaaaa! Why Mike? Why did he leave us? How could he lose?" Even till now, it was hard for Lauren to believe that Luke lost to Mantle. Lucas asked the same question. Because he didn't believe that his big brother would lose to Mantle.

"W---- we were weak. Sorry, I couldn't protect him." Finally, when her hot tears wet his t-shirt, he sobbed. He tried not to cry but his voice was slowly changing.

At this rate, he might really end up crying. But before that could happen, Lauren wiped her tears while sobbing and spoke with hideous eyes "Mike, I want to kill him. I want to avenge my brother."

"Lauren, we already told you. We can't fight him now. Not because he is strong, rather he is now protected by the Dark Raven Organization. Unless he appears in front of us, we can't do anything." Jenny walked to the front as she spoke with a helpless tone.

"But, my brother! How can I call myself an elder sister if I can't avenge my brother?" Lauren clenched her fist with hatred beaming out of her eyes. At this moment, Mike understood she was just like him. This much hate was the same as the previously released.

"Lauren, calm down! We can't act now. You can't defeat them. I can't defeat them. Even my master can't defeat them alone. We need to get stronger. Then, either use an organization as strong as it or create our own organization. For now, we can't do anything. So please! Please calm down!" Hearing Mike's words, she slowly calmed down.

But then again, she started sobbing in his embrace. But this time, he didn't have the mood to cry. He could only keep consoling her.

.........

8 Hours Later,

Mike walked out of his room while everyone else was waiting for him outside. He gave Lauren a deep look and walked near them. But before saying anything to her, he walked in front of Lucas and said "You are her only brother now. If you make your sister cry, Luke will curse you from the hell. You are emotionally stronger than me. So, look out for her! Don't let her cry!"

Then, he walked in front of Lauren and said "You still have Lucas. Or rather, he still has you. Although I am not good enough to educate you about emotions, please don't make Lucas alone. He only has you and that's why his heart is still holding. If you try to take revenge now, that heart will be broken. Because we all know the consequences."

Deep down, Mike already knew that she was much more emotionally stronger than him. Unlike him, she was crying for someone very dear to her. He understands Luke wasn't too dear to him. Lucas was his best friend plus little brother but Luke always remained a good friend type.

But he did cry. First, he was emotionally weak. Second, he still loves Luke as his good friend. And, they recently started a new relationship of brothers-in-law. Just when he was about to walk away, Lauren spoke "Mike, can you promise me something?"

"I can. As long as it's not something that I can't do." Mike nods his head and stayed in his position.

"I want you to reach my cultivation rank within a month. Can you promise that?" Lauren's words made everyone startled. They didn't understand but Mad Beast Emperor's eyes flickers. If Lauren motivates him enough, then Mike may really reach the Fifth Rank General Realm.

"Alright, I promise you." Mike made a joyful smile and promised her. Although she didn't smile, deep down she got excited.

After that, he walked in front of Jenny and Sunny. He puts a helpless smile and said "I will be gone for some time. Don't hang out with any guy until I return!"

"You! Can't you be a little more serious?" Although she tried to scold him, she still fell in his embrace. Sunny didn't jump into his embrace and watched them cuddle for a moment. After he separates from her, then he looked at his master and asks "Shall we move?"

Mad Beast Emperor nods his head and walked out. Standing fifty meters away from the house, he takes out a spaceship. He looked at Mike and spoke "I could easily fly you to the Imperial State. But, it would be much more exciting to see the world while traveling."

"Let's go!" Sliding his head a little, he walked towards the spaceship. It was almost identical to NTHB Version 5.0. But it was a little different. It couldn't transform the hoverboard. But, it could fly with fewer resources and higher speed. It was bigger too.

Mike also entered the spaceship as its back door was opened. While entering Mad Beast Emperor spoke, "A.I. set the destination to Imperial State!"

As his words fell, the door starting shutting down. Lauren, Jenny, Sunny, and Lucas watched from outside while the thrust started pushing the spaceship up. When it reaches two hundred meters high, the back thrusters were activated.

Whoosh!

In few seconds, the spaceship disappeared. Inside the spaceship, Mike muttered "I didn't even get to meet mom before heading out. Hush!"

"You can always call her, you know." Mad Beast Emperor suggested while sitting on one of the sofas. This spaceship was completely different. Those black metal covers of the spaceship became transparent as he could see everything from inside. Although they were traveling at high speed, his eyes could still see everything.

Upon hearing his suggestion, his eyes lit up. He called her through his watch. After five seconds, his mom picked up the call. It was a video call. Her face was showing up in the virtual holographic display played by the watch.

"Hello, Mike! Did you miss your mom so much? Don't worry I will be home by tomorrow." On the seventh day, the cleaning had already started. The streets were cleaned up. The houses were rebuilt using 3d object creation with nanotech.

It doesn't make the house high-tech but creates the house with high-level technologies. This assures that house will be renovated or created with one or two days. And, millions of droids are deployed for this job.

Droids are run by the Revolution and government in case nothing bad happens. After all, humans know they shouldn't mess too much with A.I.

"Mom, I am sorry but I am leaving the Ethen State for few days," Mike replied to her with a smile but also a helpless expression on his face.

"Huh! Leave the state! Why? And, will you be okay? You have never left the Ethen State." Suddenly, confusion and anxiety flashed on her face as she spoke.

"Don't worry, mom! I will be alright. And, now I have a master who is supporting me and teaching me a lot. I am participating in a competition." As he continued, he showed her his master. Mad Beast Emperor Smile and said "Hello, mam! I am Mike's master. Don't worry about him! He has trained a lot this week. He will be just fine."

"Ah! Aren't you Mad Beast Emperor? Oh my god! You are my son's master." Both of them expected a concern or anxious reply from her, but they could only see admiration and confidence beaming out of her face.

Mike sighed and suddenly his mood changed. He made a serious face and said "Mom, I have bad news as well."

"What is it? Are you hurt perhaps? But, with Mad Beast Emperor as your master, it's hard to believe that you could get hurt." Elizabeth spoke with confusion and also the confidence of his master. It was surprising to see how much his mother believed Mad Beast Emperor.

He even began to doubt that his mom (aunt) has a crush on Mad Beast Emperor. If that was the case, then he could try matchmaking. But he didn't ask her right now. After all, he doesn't want to make an awkward.

So, he didn't change his mood and spoke with a serious tone "Luke, he passed away."

(A/N: For mass releases or bonus chapters, support me with Golden Tickets.)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The death of Luke was really a heartbreaking point for his close relatives including Elizabeth. After she learned about his death, she tried to return to Ethen State. But fearing the difficulties she might suffer, he asked his master's help to take her home today.

Soon he learned that Miller's family had sent some people to spy on his mom. Later they found, these people were sent to protect her. Still, he asked his mom to wear three-hand bands that he left in Jenny's hand. Those hand bands were S- Rank Version of Life Exterminator, Invincible Defense, and Void Escape.

Each costs him five hundred thousand points. So he ended up using two billion dollars to get two million points. Previously, he didn't think he would be rich so soon. But now that he was rich, he wanted to give her something that can assure her safety.

After all, he felt very insecure after the death of Luke.

Inside the spaceship, he was calmly looking at his current status.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (First Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Scarlet Brute Force- +200STR (S-Rank)

Physique- Divine Sun Body (Rank-7)

STR: 1852 (Divine Sun Body +35)

AGI: 951

INT: 962

STM: 940

DEF: 1843 (Divine Sun Body +35)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Supernova Explosion, Star Fall Evening, Burning Tiger Howling Spirit Spear Art, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Fire Demon Fighting Four Direction, Storm Steps, and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist), Explosion Domain (Inferno Booster)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 598562

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Bodhi Leap*1, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'My stats gives me strength enough to fight someone who has taken four drops of dragon blood. Fortunately, a person can only take up to five drops of dragon blood. If I hadn't known this, I would be worried to death.'

'I must learn more about this world. Summing up everything that has happened right now. This is the world seems to be like a combination of Superpowers, Sci-fi, and Cultivation. These worlds' rules are mixed up here. But at the same time, this amalgamation has created new rules.'

'Superpowers exist due to the existence of Innate Ability. But thanks to that, some people are less selfish and use their strength to protect others to become a superhero. Cultivation is not something we created. We inherited this from other races.'

'And so, we became cruel. The cultivation world is supposed to be a cruel world right from the start. And, rules of cultivation world awakens the arrogance and pride of most people. Good and justice doesn't exist in the cultivation world.'

'But, both of these worlds are maintained by Science. Because of Science, we are much more knowledgeable and know what's wrong, what's right. While science allows us to establish the rules and laws in real-world (earth), it also allows us to release our negative or evil side in Ascending to Godhood.'

'I don't know the exact reason why those races combined to create a game where people will die. But, if humans from the core of the universe are the same as humans from earth, they must have the same thoughts.'

'If we suppress a beast for a long time, once it goes out, only carnage will follow. Governments and Revolution know this, hence they established a complete and forceful law for unawakened people. But at the same time, for these people, nothing has changed.'

'Nobody can make a complete good or complete evil world. They can only do something to maintain the balance. Hehe! Balance is Eternity. It seems these belong to her father rather than her.'

While Mike was drowning in his own thoughts, his master suddenly pats his shoulder and says "Mike, are you sure you want to do this?"

"Huh?" Mike looked at him with confusion since he was suddenly brought into the world of thoughts. But when his brain process those words, he made a helpless expression and said "Master, I already said this three times. Since a person can't absorb more than five drops of dragon blood, I have nothing to fear."

"But, you do know that is not the end, right? They can still rely on other resources. What if they consume Black Tortoise Blood? It can significantly boost their defense. What if they consume Qilin's Blood? It can significantly boost their speed."

"I really want you to participate. But when your mom puts your survival responsibility on me, I got a little scared. This tournament doesn't have many restrictions. Since the reward for the top ten is worth it, they don't really care if what method participants will use except burrowing the strength of someone stronger than him."

"You can be poisoned. Someone could use missiles on you. Or, someone might even have strength of a dragon, defense of a black tortoise, speed of a Qilin, and ability energy amount of an elf." There was a trace of anxiety in his eyes. The Mad Beast Emperor was regretting involving Mike in this tournament.

After all, Mike hasn't got any chances of increasing strength like those people from the top families. He never thought about this deeply until Elizabeth handed Mike's safety in his hand.

Mike sighed when seeing such an expression from his master. He never thought his master would be this worried after talking with mom. He looked at the cities below him as they were silently approaching the Imperial State also known as the Capital of the Asian Empire.

Then, he looked at his master and spoke with a smile "Master, I am not going back. I have already considered those problems. And if I ever face such a situation, I will abstain without a single thought. Only if my life is in danger though."

"This is my chance to face the geniuses from the entire continent. How can I simply give up? But, I have a question. Is this final reward really worth the death of many geniuses?"

Hearing his question, Mad Beast Emperor's smile shone brightly and he spoke "Don't worry! The main reward will be announced by the Asian Emperor himself. It's definitely worth it."

"Alright, I will wait then. But master, can't you spill the beans?" Mike made an adoration and innocent eyes when he looked at his master and asked him.

"Hahaha! I can tell you but it won't be fun that way. But don't worry, it will definitely excite you." Mad Beast Emperor laughed but didn't explain anything else.

"Okay!" Mike pouted and turned around. He started enjoying the scenery from the spaceship. But soon, he drowned in his own thoughts once again.

'One month! I don't know whether my cultivation speed is fast or slow. But, I succeed in reaching the thirteenth rank soldier within a month. Well, Jenny also had the same cultivation speed. But this will only be difficult from here on.'

'I was right about it. Even if we dual cultivate, we can't improve without enough energy. While dual cultivating, we ended up using fifty thousand orbs given by the master. And, I don't have many resources with me right now.'

'Although master promised to share half of the wealth earned by selling the body of the half saint, it will not be enough for the future cultivation. More importantly, I never thought we could kill a Half-Saint or even Saint with a single stroke if we have a strong Spirit.'

'Master has Purple Level Spirit. It is only two-level beneath the highest level. Master said he can contend with top rank Saint with his Half-Saint Realm due to his Purple Level Spirit. Of course, only if his enemy doesn't have the Spirit.'

'But it will be hard to encounter Spirit. After all, most of the other races inherit Will. And so, they don't have enough quality to manifest the spirit. Though, if an angel race who inherits light element became a slaughter then there are high chances of awakening Slaughter Will and Slaughter Spirit.'

'For now, let's not give deeper thought into it.' Mike finally takes a deep break from his thoughts. As he came out of his thoughts, the spaceship started landing.

Two minutes later,

Mike and Mad Beast Emperor walked out of the spaceship. It had landed on the top of a building. As they came out, a person in a black coat was standing in front of them.

That person was none other than Daniel Stark. Coincidentally, one of his enemies also had the same name. Mike was really surprised on seeing him. As they walked forward, Mad Beast Emperor spoke "Did you finish registering Mike in this tournament?"

"Yes, Master!" Daniel spoke in a polite tone as he gave Mike a deep look. He never thought Mike would be ready for the tournament within a single month. Even Mad Beast Emperor took five months. But on a different note, it wouldn't be much of a surprise.

After all, Mad Beast Emperor didn't have S-Rank Brute Force from the start nor he had the system.

"Master, Emperor Christian, and Emperor Lewis want to meet you!" After distracting his thoughts from Mike, he looked at Mad Beast Emperor and reminded him.

"Alright, let's go and meet them. I heard their disciples are also participating in this tournament." Then he looked at Mike and said "It would be a good experience for you. Take your time and make friends with them. It will be helpful in the upcoming tournament."

"How?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Because the first battle will be Duos Battle. Due to the high number of participants, each of them is teamed with another for the Duos Battle. If you succeed, you will move to the next round. If you lose, you will be disqualified."

"If it is possible, we need to find a suitable battle partner for you. In the middle of the battle, your partner is allowed to give up leaving you alone against two. Since many top families are participating, they will do everything to manipulate those people coming from the weak backgrounds."

"It would be easy if you face against the Duos with the weak background. But if you end up facing the Duos with strong background, you will be in trouble. If you can't find a suitable partner before the Emperor's announcement, your partner will be selected randomly." Mad Beast Emperor explained upon seeing his curiosity.

"That's exactly the reason why they want to meet you, master," Daniel spoke from the side as they entered the Elevator. As the elevator moved down, Mad Beast Emperor asked "Huh! Don't tell me both of the Fire Bird's disciples are participating?"

"Yes, Master!" Daniel smirked when heard Fire Emperor's nickname. It's not uncommon to see the nickname between two friends.

"So, that bastard Lewis got no choice but to join hands with my disciple." Mad Beast Emperor frowned a little and spoke in disgust. His expression was noticed by Mike. He didn't ask his master rather looked at Daniel.

Seeing Mike's gaze, Daniel thought for a while and finally decided to explain "Emperor Lewis is one of the ten emperors of King's Academy. He comes from Xavier Family. This family is very ruthless. Unlike other families, they quickly accepted the rules of the cultivation and trained their people cruelly."

"Seventeen years ago, Emperor Lewis had twins. Well, it would a happy occasion if it was a normal family. But for them, it was considered a curse. Both of them were daughters and more importantly, their innate abilities were shared."

"One of them awakened Berserk Innate Ability and another awakened Regeneration. When berserk is used, it slowly destroys your own body. If it was a single person with these two abilities which was supposed to be, then Berserk side effect could be negligent."

"But, they were born as twins. More importantly, both of these Innate Abilities were S-Rank. Emperor Lewis also has an S-Rank Innate Ability known as Laser Eyes. As it name suggests, he can shoot lasers beam from his eyes. Those lasers have the extraordinary destructive capability. It can bend as well. And, it can also tail his opponent."

"Normally, he would ignore twins since they didn't have much use in the family and produce others for inheriting his Xavier Family. But none of his other children succeed in inhering S-Rank Innate Ability. So, he was forced to train his daughter with Berserk Innate Ability ruthlessly for winning top ten."

"The final reward might give him another chance to have an heir that can inherit S-Rank Innate Ability. Although it is not confirmed, his daughter with Regeneration is ruthlessly tortured so that his other daughter will work hard."

"Even if the head is split, S-Rank Regeneration can grow a new head. To be tortured wouldn't be enough, she was killed on many occasions. Otherwise, do you think the berserk girl would have reached the thirteenth rank within two months?"

"Well, I am not comparing her with you. Since you are a complete freak to reach the thirteenth rank within a month, but it is still admirable. Master wanted to beat Emperor Lewis but other authorities don't allow them to fight without a proper conflict. And, Master is also not allowed to interfere in others' family business."

"So, he might ask you to join her."

When Daniel finished speaking, Mike stood eyes brightened as he spoke "This tournament is like a festival."

"Huh? You didn't get it, do you? Most of the geniuses might be compelled to win due to their tough position. But no matter what, you can't let them soften your heart." Daniel was confused when Mike mentioned the festival.

He thought Mike was literally taking this as a festival, so he tried to convince Mike.

But Mike shook his head and answered "I completely understood. It's just you didn't understand me. For me, this is just a festival where you can buy one and get one for free."

"Hahaha! Hahahahaha!  Oh my god! That's my boy." Upon understanding the meaning behind his words, Mad Beast Emperor started laughing like a maniac and patted his shoulder, praising him.

"Huh!" Daniel who didn't understand his meaning kept looking at Master-Disciple laughing with joy. But slowly, his mind blew up as he understood everything.

'Holy shit! This disciple is even more daring than his master.' In an instant, his view of Mike changed to the same as the views of Mad Beast Emperor.

.........

Forty seconds later,

The elevator stops and three of them walked out. Daniel guided them to their room. This building was a big hotel reserved for these participants. It was constructed with gold, silver, and higher quality construction materials.

There were several golden pillars and lots of well-furnished structures like statues, a hallway, and even lighting. Following Daniel, they reached in front of room no. '303'. As they walk in, Mike seems to have entered the rooms of a billionaire in his previous life.

Not only everything was high-tech, it even had perfectly crafted structures and materials such as a bed, lighting, extra chairs, and a table, a wardrobe, a TV. But these were just beginnings as Daniel walked forward and explained these room features to Mike.

"Young Master, your room is on the left side. It has B-Rank Virtual Space Creator where you can practice during this tournament. As long as you don't enter the General Realm, you can continue strengthening your strength."

"You can order food into your room or simply walk to the dining section with me or master. As for your entertainment, I don't think you might need any as hardworking as you are."

Mike's expression changed as he pointed the finger at himself and asked "Me? Young master?"

"Yes, Emperor is my master. But this relationship is not like your master-disciple relationship. I am his slave and he is my master. Through this relation, you are my young master." Daniel calmly explained without any signs of shame or willingness just like current Sunny.

"Daniel, how many times do I have to tell you? You are not my slave just a subordinate." Mad Beast Emperor helplessly turned his head at Daniel and spoke.

"Master, it is my freedom to do what I want, right? A man shall never abandon his promise. When you saved my family that day and the whole city, I promised to be your slave." Daniel made a serious look on his face and spoke.

"Hey! Hey! Wait a freaking minute! I thought government and revolutions were protecting the world. How come you almost lost your family and the whole city?" Mike freaked out for a moment and asked with confusion.

Hearing his question, Mad Beast Emperor and Daniel looked at him with pity. They both sighed and Daniel spoke "Young master, since you have never traveled out of the state, you might not know this. And, I can't blame you either."

"After all, Ethen State is also one of the safest places on earth. But, not all states are in the same condition. Especially states of Europe and Australia. Yeah, Empire's Government and Revolution are strong. So what? Can they change every single person in the world?"

"While they are forcefully suppressing the arrogant, evil, and prideful side of the human until they are awakened, they are forgetting you can't suppress the beast for a long time. Humans do not possess any attribute from birth. They are born with nothing special."

"But that makes special. They can adapt to everything situation. Not all people are good, not all people are bad, even revolutions and governments are corrupted. Wars between states, alliance with Dark Raven Organization, and surrendering to the higher-level races for strength, humans are now divided into good and bad."

"Even Ethen State is a prime example. Otherwise, why do you think a war happens every year in your state?" Daniel gave him a deep look and ask.

Mike couldn't reply. He was unable to hold the shock of the information he gained.

"Ethen State is peaceful, not because it is protected by others. It's because Ravens wants to brew a lot of blood from those awakened teenagers. Soon, everyone will leave the Ethen State. And, it will be transformed into an abandoned state like states of some other continents."

"Every continent was supposed to have thirty states. But now, Australia has only ten states. Europe has fifteen. Asia and North America have twenty-five. South America has thirty. And the strongest Africa has all thirty-five states."

"With the blessing of God of Death Anubis and Sun God Re, Africa has retained its strength. Although other empires also pray to gods, many people can't seek god's protection. Some states of Europe have stained life even though Europe was heavily destroyed by Ravens, Traitors, and other evils people because they have some gods they could pray."

"Same goes for us. Even though it might be hard to believe but you can get the blessing of a god. Especially now when you have a clear chance to communicate with the gods. It's hard to believe that we will return to believing in gods after extending science and technology to this extent."

"Of course, they do not believe in god-like in past. Now, they believe in God because they believe they can also become one."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wow! Are those gods Higher Divinities? And, how can we get the blessing?" Mike asked with an astonished expression on his face.

He was really shocked by this information.

"Yes, Gods are generally Higher Divinities. But, it is hard to reach that realm. Even with my talent, I am not sure whether I can reach it or not. Not to mention, other gods won't let me reach that realm. As for Blessing, I don't think that's suitable for you." Mad Beast Emperor spoke with a sad expression on his face.

"Why? Isn't blessing good?" Mike asked in confusion.

"Of course, Blessing is good. But only good for people who can't awaken Spirit. You see, not every person on earth wants to choose the hard route. In fact, nobody wants to choose the hard route. That even includes you and me."

"But, sometimes we are just forced. And under such conditions, we surrender ourselves to someone else's. Blessing is a kind of Inherited Will. If you receive the blessing from a god, you will become his faithful servant."

"Many people do not understand this. Even if they do, they won't choose this path. They simply want to cultivate faster. This is very fatal for humanity. Since humanity is supposed to awaken the Spirit. Do you know the history of Ascending to Godhood?"

When he was asked, Mike thought for a moment with his hands on his chin and replied "I heard that Ascending to Godhood was created by the help of all three thousand races across the world."

"That is not the correct answer. It's true but not correct. Ascending to Godhood was created by the Universal Spirit for humanity." Mad Beast Emperor's answer was like a thunderbolt to Mike. He was shocked upon hearing those words.

"How can it be? How could other races help humanity?" Mike found it overwhelming. He naturally feels hatred between other races and humanity. So, how can they help humanity?

"Of course, they won't help us. But, things are a little different. When the first group rose from adversity, it was for evolving the universe. When the universe was evolved, the universal spirit was created. Upon its creation, it was going to evolve everyone and set the rules of cultivation."

"But, a person or rather a human from that group asked the universe spirit not to evolve humans. It was hard to understand his meaning. But an entire group wanted other races to evolve because they come from one of those races."

"There were around a hundred people of different races in that group. Each of them had the highest mastery of several spirits, strong bodies, and souls, and more importantly, they came from different races. So, when others evolved, humans remained constant. But that human had another idea for humanity."

"He asked Universe Spirit to build a virtual reality world that can help humans grow through leveling system,. It was the first universal-level virtual game. It had almost everything. And, other races were used as stepping stones for humans to grow stronger."

"Thousand years passed, but none of the humans awakened Spirit. Instead, they started drowning in arrogance and pride while respecting and praise strong. Soon humans are useless in war. The level system developed to improve their soul and body made them nothing but a brawling fighter."

"At this moment, other races got a chance and made many terms with the Universal Spirit. They want humans to evolve and follow the cultivation path. And doing so, humans were evolved and they started following the cultivation."

"Many of them also used the blood of other creatures and grow stronger. When they reach the Higher Divinity, humanity started praying to these gods. At this moment, other races were finally able to turn the tables. Now, humanity serves another human and so they can never awaken their Original Will, and even if they can, it would be almost impossible to improve it."

"The human who asked universe not evolve us could only watch us fall in monster's trap. Slowly, we realize our mistake but until then everything was already done. Due to the monsters terms, the entire universe is a game now."

"Humans and Monsters turned into NPCs. The universe was split into several sections. At that time, primitive human-made some other changes. Due to his status, nobody could blame him. He separated the world based on power."

"Those who are not evolved won't be accessed by other evolved creatures. This slowly turned virtual reality into true reality. In fact, the world we live in is a world overlapped by virtual reality. Divine Fire Continent and Nine Elements Galaxy could be found in the real world."

"Due to the separation made by the primitive human, the universal spirit changed the reality into a virtual reality where you can't tell what the difference is. There are many things I can't tell you here. And many things that I can't understand myself."

"But, remember what you see might not be true. But you believe in what you see. So, start believing in something that you hadn't seen with your eyes because that might be reality. Of course, you can access the virtual world through servers all around the universe."

"The stronger you get, the more you will discover. One day, you might even be able to find that primitive human. For now, there are no benefits to knowing too much. Just remember, if you serve someone, you won't be able to improve your spirit." Mad Beast Emperor made Mike feel in deep contemplation.

He found it hard to believe. In fact, he was told that the virtual game was created by other creatures. It seems, other creatures did make it but only the difficulties for humans, not the game.

'Wait a freaking minute! If I am living in this kind of messy world, then am I having my harem correct? What if Jenny, Lauren, Sunny are virtual? What if Luke's death is also virtual? No wait, it's not possible.'

'This world can't be virtual. If it was virtual, then the system wouldn't exist inside the virtual world, right? After all, the universe spirit created the world, so how could it let the entity as mysterious as the system to live in this world?'

'But on another hand, this system doesn't have anything to do with my cultivation or strength, at least not directly. So, what exactly is this system? Is it something less powerful than this universe or is it something more powerful?'

'But, it did bring me back to life,.... didn't it?' Mike asked himself with doubts.

"Ahhhhhhh!" But when he was thinking deeper about the system, pain struck his nerves. A screaming made Mad Beast Emperor and Daniel shout "Boy!" "Young Master!"

Thud!

Without any further movement, Mike directly fell unconscious and landed on the ground. But, he was truly unconscious. At this moment, his mind was somewhere else.

In front of him, everything was white. It was the same as when he first swallowed the Bodhi Leaf. But this time, nothing changed, only a voice resonated throughout this white place.

"Oh! So, you finally dug deeper into your brain. You really don't use your brain on a regular basis, do you?"

This voice was very familiar. When Mike heard this voice, both of his hands covered his face as he crouches down. In an instant, the unknown sweat covered his face. The entire body started sweating. Mike barely stayed like that for a minute, until he got up.

At this moment, his face was revealing utmost excitement and shock as he shouted "You are that person. You are the one who reincarnated me into this world."

"Indeed! I am the one who reincarnated you in this world, filled with adventures, superpowers, and women. Well, every world has women." The voice sounded again. But this time, a figure appeared in front of him.

This figure was very handsome. He had a whitish pale complexion. His black hair was long like a cultivator. He had an ancient Chinese fan in his hand. He was also wearing a white shirt and white pants with blue stripes on them.

It was very ancient and belongs to the cultivation world without a doubt. His eyes were crystal black.

"But, why couldn't I remember you at the beginning?" Mike was envious of his looks. So, he directly shifted the topic.

"Because I sealed that memory into your brain. You could only access it when you think about the system's existence. But, you turned out to be a playful guy who completely believes in those novels. You thought you need a proper strength to find the background of the system, and so you never tried."

"I can't say whether you are taking this very seriously or not taking this seriously at all. But no matter what, I finally got to meet you after so long. How many years has it been? Eighteen! Oh my god, you made me wait eighteen years."

"But still, since we have finally met, let's not discuss the past." Only when he stopped talking, Mike breathe a sigh of relief. But suddenly, he realized this wasn't his real body.

"Alright, let's get this straight. Are you more powerful than the gods of this universe or not?" Mike directly asked after taking a short imaginable breath.

"What do you think?" The handsome man gave him the proud smile and asked.

"So second question! Are you the God of Sex?" Mike thought for a moment and asked.

"Hey, what about the first question?" The handsome man slaps air and asks.

"Since you didn't reply, I assume you are weaker," Mike replied in a flat tone.

"Hell no! I am thousand times powerful than them." The handsome man replied with an angry tone and then continued "And, I am ....."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"God of Sex!"

"Okay, third question! What did you mean when you said I was born to inherit you?" Mike nods his head upon his reply. He had already guessed after remembering those memories. But, even in those memories, he still had the questions that he wanted to ask.

"Hmmm! First, answer me, what do you think 'God of Sex' means?" The God of Sex puts his hands on his chin and asks him.

"God of Sex huh! I don't know. I never really thought about it. But if I have to answer, I would say someone who can acquire every lady in the universe." Mike messes with his back hair and answers after thinking for a long time.

"Wrong answer!" The God of Sex shook his head and continued "God of Sex has two meanings. Although you can perceive it through different definitions. These two are the core definition of God of Sex. One, he will never get betrayed by a woman. Two, he will always improve his cultivation through dual cultivation."

"This is what I taught by the God of Sex before me. But, I found it was wrong." The God of Sex mood gradually falls into depression. Seeing his mood, Mike asked in confusion "What could be wrong. Your answer seems to be correct."

Hearing Mike, the God of Sex sighed and explained

"Hush! This is a little hard to explain. So, listen carefully! When I was the God of Sex. I had thousands of women and thousands of Sex Slaves. I was living life to the fullest. But I realize something. I was the God of Sex. So, why is it wrong that I fucked Goddess of Life?"

"I know she is the wife of God of Destruction. But if I can't even reveal my sexual relationship with her to the world. How can I be qualified to be a God of Sex? There is another goddess known as the Goddess of Lust. She could fuck every god in the world and reveal her relationship to the world but why can't I?"

"When women started a revolution of equality, we agreed. But, why weren't we equal now? Why can she do things that I can't do?"

"But soon, I realize the problem. You see, this world is played by beauty and strength. She has the beauty and strength is acquired by men. If she can manipulate men by her beauty, she can acquire strength. And, slowly those goddesses who had a relationship with me got punished by their husband god."

"And the reason was the Goddess of Lust. Of course, I can't blame her. She was using what she had practiced all her life. So, I found something that I lacked even though I was the God of Sex. I thought I could use these women in case those god tries to kill me."

"But, when I found these women were punished instead of me, I got mad. Because they were part of my harem. And, I couldn't protect my women. How can I myself the God of Sex?"

"At that moment, I desired strength. I wanted to protect my harem. I wanted to beat the shit out of those gods. But I couldn't. I could neither improve my cultivation nor surpass the top gods in Battle. I found the reason why?"

"Primal Chaos Physique, Divine Dragon Treasure Body, Indestructible Golden Buddha Body, and different other powerful bodies."

"I realized I needed a powerful talent for battle. So, I started creating the replication of those physiques. Some were successful, some were failures. Even if they were successful, so what? They were just replicas. And, I couldn't create original."

"I tried harder and created a bunch of cultivation techniques, bloodlines, physiques, and many other scopes of talents. But, none of them were able to make me stronger than top gods. So, finally, I decided to do something extreme."

"I used every bit of power to search the entire Multiverse- Lower or Higher Plane, every inch just to search for the perfect inheritor. There, I found you." At this moment, Mike understood why he said 'You were born to inherit me.'

Pioneer was born from chaos, and Pioneer created everything. But then, what about Primal Chaos Physique?

The God of Sex continued "You were born with a body that could create yang energy and motivate a female to create yin energy. This wouldn't be any surprise but what surprised me is when both energies merged to create chaos."

"But that chaos is something destructive. While chaos can evolve everything, it needs to be created in a harmonious state. If there is no harmony, the chaos will only cause destruction. And, that's why you died in your previous life."

"I was just in time. But soon I realized I couldn't save you."

"Huh! But, you did. I am alive, right?" Mike now started believing in virtual reality even more.

"No, you didn't understand me. When I found you, I was alive. But now, I am dead. Why do you think so?" The God of Sex smirked but with depression in his eyes couldn't be hidden.

"Y-----you died saving me?" Mike's face changed in an instance. He began to tremble. He never thought a person would sacrifice himself to save someone else. And, that someone was just an ant in front of a God.

"Yes and No! I did save you. But I actually didn't die saving you. I died because I used my power to bring that talent with you. Well, I had to fight against the rules set by your galaxy. It was something that I couldn't fight against."

"So, I sacrificed myself to bring you into this world with the same talent."

"Wait a freaking minute! What do you mean by fighting the rules set by my galaxy? Our earth had no cultivator or superpowers whatsoever. And, you are the god of the higher plane, right?" Mike got even more confused when he heard the reason behind his death.

"Well, didn't I tell you? I used every bit of power to find you or rather someone with talent like you. I didn't just search around space. I searched through time. I bend the Space-Time to find you. And when I did, I only had fifty percent power left in me."

"From the current timeline, your world is at the 25th Century. Many things have changed. And now, there is a powerhouse whom I couldn't defeat even with my remaining power. Your world was in the lower plane but that man had the power stronger than my full strength."

"When I traveled to the 21st century to bring you to this world, I was spotted by him. He didn't allow me to change time and space. So, I had to fight. You see when a frog lives in the bottom of the well. He doesn't know the vastness of the world."

"You and I were the same. I couldn't see the power beyond Higher Plane. You couldn't see the cultivators roaming around the universe. Since your world was protected by Space-Time Barrier. And in the future, your world also changed like this one."

"I used a bit of remaining power to place you inside a womb of a woman whose child was cursed even before he was born. That curse was painfully killing the child without his parents knowing anything about it. So, I didn't do anything wrong by replacing you with that child."

"Instead, I gave him relief as well as a chance for reincarnation. With that, I stored this spiritual thought inside the system and sealed those memories. This system was developed to help you. And, it has just more than few stores and other rewards."

"For current you, it is the only source of harmonization of yin and yang. When you pull your little brother out of a lady cave, you suck the yin energy from the lady and thus, your yang and her yin will merge to create chaos."

"Do you think you could create the harmony by reading few words from the script written in the paper? Hell no! Even gods can't possibly create harmony between yin and yang combinations. Only the Universal Spirit of every universe has this power."

"And, your system has this same power."

At this moment, Mike thought for a moment. It was really hard to digest things about space-time manipulation. And, his world cultivation stuff was even crazier for him. At this moment, he remembered his master's words.

'You believe in what you see but what you see might not be true. So, start believing in something that can't be seen because what you can't see might be reality.'

"I have a question. You said even gods can't create harmony between Yin and Yang. You created this system. Technically, you shouldn't be able to create something that can maintain harmony between Yin and Yang. But this system can do. So, how?" After accepting everything God of Sex told him, he asks with confusion flashing in his eyes.

"I knew you would ask that. But I think you forgot something." The God of Sex smirk and continue with the laughter "Who do you think I am? Even if I couldn't protect my harem, I still had a lot. I am the God of Sex. And, when you become the God of Sex, you can convince every lady in this world."

"...….."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I could tell you about my harem story. But, I don't have the time and energy to do so. Let's make it short. I saved one universe. Due to my charm, the Universal Spirit became my slave or wife I would say. I asked her to take a human girl form. Then, I fucked her for three days and night."

"After few hundred years, a girl was born. She had the body of a human and the power of the Universal Spirit. When I decided to sacrifice my life, I asked her to be the A.I. of the system. She is none other than Claire. She is also one of the harems that I chose for you."

"Although I would like to make my daughter your first wife, I didn't do it. Since first wife or First Mistress bears the heaviest responsibility in your harem, maybe even higher than you. If she is not fit for it, you could never get the first mistress in your life for the second time."

"Wait a freaking minute! What do you mean by heaviest responsibilities? Aren't I the one who needs to protect my harem?" Mike asked with confusion on his face.

"Of course, you need to protect your harem. But you can't stop it from crumbling if you don't have a perfect First Mistress. Originally, you were supposed to have the First Mistress from the Higher Plane. Being the first person to have sex doesn't make her the First Mistress, so when I looked through your memories, I am surprised that she was accepted by Claire and system's functions as the first mistress."

"When I made the restrictions and rules in her mind, I did set the First Mistress to be someone from the Higher Plane. About this, I hope you can solve it yourself. I will just explain the cost of having a harem and geniuses' harem."

"As weak and average you are, you shouldn't be taking the virginity of the Supreme Fairy so soon. But, your destiny sure seems to be changed a lot. But, you need to be careful about the fact that Supreme Fairies and Heavenly Maidens are very scary."

"Titles represent their talent and talent represents their pride. They will never agree to share their man with someone else. That girl named Lauren only accepts Jenny as the first mistress because she doesn't have the talent same as a Heavenly Maiden for now."

"And, she also loves you the most. But another girl is having an attitude because she was born for that. Supreme Fairies are even above Heavenly Maiden. So, they possess immense pride. They will never let another woman steal their man."

"And, even you are the one who takes the initiative, they will only blame the girl. So, in the future, it will be a war. At that moment, you need to learn to accept something. Love is only possible through mutual understanding. If a girl doesn't understand your feeling, then she is only admiring you and your talent. That's not the love."

"Love can be true or selfish. It doesn't matter. But, love can't be built on admiration. Remember, if a girl leaves you, don't feel sad for her. From those memories, I can see the attitude of the First Mistress in that girl. But, attitude without talent is simply nothing."

"As the First Mistress, she needs to be the strongest and someone who can share the burden with you. Yeah, Supreme Fairies and Heavenly Maidens won't be much weaker but their identity will still be below her. If she lost against anyone, the Harem will crumble."

"You are very weak. I am not talking about physical or cultivation strength. You are mentally weak. You need to grow, Mike. The life of a God of Sex is not easy. It's not just about fucking girls every day. If the First Mistress can't become the strongest among other ladies, then only chaos will spur."

"One lady will kill or scheme against another one behind your back, slowly decreasing your harem. Until, the strongest lives. When your lose someone, you mourn for thirteen days, forty-five days, or even a year, but after that, you no longer mourn for them."

"You will slowly forget them. The same goes for the harem. If you lose someone, you will only feel sad for few days. After that, you will forget about her."

After hearing his words, Mike slowly realized how naïve he was till now. He began to realize his weakness even more. But, he couldn't change his emotions in a matter of seconds. Instead, he had the fear burning in his heart.

If what God of Sex told him was right, then Jenny might get into a big problem. But, he can't help her either.

God of Sex looks at him with some tenderness in his eyes and said "Mike, I know this going to be hard but you need to accept. Remember what you told me before I reincarnated you."

Mike clenched his fist and gritted his teeth speaking with his head down "I want the greatest adventure that one couldn't even think of."

God of Sex smiled and suddenly a picture of the universe appeared in front of him. Countless twinkling stars, massive heavenly bodies, and lots of black space. God of Sex pointed his index finger at it and said "This universe is waiting for you to explore."

"What you see might not be real but trust me. People you meet are going to be real. Don't trust your eyes, trust your instinct. Whether it is real or virtual, you can have the adventure you want while fulfilling your mission to be the God of Sex."

"You can't run away. You have chosen this path the moment you agreed with me. Every man in the world will be your enemy. Even if you don't steal their women, you are still going to have thirteen Heavenly Maidens and Four Supreme Fairies. Do you think they will just let you have them?"

"The world is filled with evil and good. But, you don't choose. Just do what you want, but never lose your mind. When you do something, think of the consequences. Live life without burdening your family. You versus the world, prove the talent you possess and find every single mystery around you."

"Treat my daughter well. Don't burden yourself because of my death. I sacrificed myself so that one day you will surpass every God of Sex that has ever been born in this multiverse. By the way, since you haven't acquired true and complete Heavenly Maidens, you might face a little problem by recovering these memories."

As he spoke, he slowly vanished. The white space started crumbling until Mike completely disappears from that space.

In the bed,

Mike slowly opened his eyes and mourns "You gave your life for me. Don't worry, I won't waste my life without completing my dream and the mission."

"Young Master, you woke up!" Daniel moved like the wind as he approached Mike. There was tension and anxiety on his face when he looks at Mike.

"How much time has passed?" Mike was a little worried about the time. After all, he didn't want to miss the first round.

"Young Master, there are still two hours before the first round starts. I will call Master and let you register with Emperor Lewis's daughter." Saying so, he takes out his phone and calls Mad Beast Emperor.

'Claire, are you alight?' Mike asked in a worried tone. After all, Claire was God of Sex's daughter. And, it would be painful to see the death of her father. But instead of Claire's soft voice, her cold system's tone rang in his mind.

"Alert! Alert! Alert!"

"Host overriding System's Authority!"

"Host recovering his sealed memories!"

"System's Inference Failed!"

"Host recovered his memories!"

"Deleting Memories Failed!"

"System's forceful Shut-Down started!"

"A.I. Claire overriding System's function!"

"Using Creator's ID"

"Overriding Successful!"

"System Shut-Down's stopped!"

"Forced Quest Activated!"

"Force Quest- Acquire a True Heavenly Maiden

Quest Description- The host has overridden the system's functioning by recovering memories before upgrading the system. It has been detected that the Host has a relationship with Half Heavenly Maiden. Please proceed with this quest and make her a true Heavenly Maiden.

Time Limit- Two Months

Quest Reward- System Upgrade

Quest Punishment- System Disintegration"

'What the hell is happening here? What do you mean by System's Disintegration? And, why did this force quest get activated?' Mike screamed in his heart with a trace of panic on his face.

"Host, you made a big mistake by recovering your memories before upgrading the system to level two. As your previous destiny, the system was set up to reveal those memories once you upgrade the system to level two. And, if it wasn't changed, then Lauren would already be the Heavenly Maiden and the system would be level two."

"Everything changed but the rules of the system can't be changed. I lied previously because I didn't want to reveal Lower and Higher Plane information. But now, Jenny is the first mistress and you also lost a chance to turn Lauren into a Heavenly Maiden. So, you have to complete this quest now." Claire's soft voice rang on his mind.

'Claire, what would have if the system disappear?' Mike had already guessed the answer but he was still pinning his hope on Claire.

"If you fail, then...…."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"If you fail, you will lose the system. Once you lose the system, the path towards God of Sex will be cut off. You won't be able to improve at your current speed. You might be pinning your hope on me. But, there is a problem."

"Although I have the power to maintain the harmony, I can't do it on my own. If I was grown up like my mom, I would have been successful. But it will still take one hundred thousand years. Dad used a powerful treasure and modified it with my power."

"I am like a source. That treasure is the system. And, that is why it is called Yin-Yang Harmony System. Otherwise, it would be Yin-Yang Harmony making Claire. If you fail, the system will crumble. And, current you do not have knowledge of Yin and Yang Laws."

"So, it's not possible to create harmony by yourself. Once you reach the top of this universe, you can have such power. Can you wait till then? If you delay your progress, then a Heavenly Maiden could lose her virginity. Every second counts, so you must work hard and make Lauren a Heavenly Maiden."

'Hush! Why did it have to be so tragic?' Mike could only see his fate darken while standing up. His body was gradually adapting to his previous state.

"Young Master, are you going to be alright?" Daniel asked with concern on his face. After all, Mike literally lost his consciousness for almost no reason. If the same thing happens on the stage, it would be very bad for himself and his reputation.

"Don't worry, I am alright now." Mike nods his head but still continued asking in his mind 'Claire, I will be fine, right? I don't want to fall unconscious before the battle in front of the crowd.'

"Don't worry, Host! You will be just fine as long as you don't get heat stroke." Claire giggled in his mind.

Mike decides to ignore her and followed Daniel. Both of them walked out of the room and soon reached a big hall. People were passing by and everyone was busy with their own jobs. There were some youths with the age of around seventeen hanging around in duo.

After walking for three minutes, they reached in front of the group where his master was standing. It was a group of six. Three of them were youths like him while the other three were clearly at the age of his master.

But suddenly, he remembered he doesn't know his mater's age. Although he guessed him to be around thirty. He wasn't sure. But he didn't ask anyone.

"Oh! You are finally here. FireBird, let me introduce my disciple to you!" When Mad Beast Emperor spotted Mike, he instantly appeared near him and dragged Mike by his shoulder in front of the middle-aged man wearing a stylish red coat with red pants.

He had crimson hair with a clean shaved face and red pupils in his oval eyes. His eyebrows were a little irregular like the flames. While the body was nearly six feet tall and slender. He was the Fire Emperor.

Beside him, there was another middle-aged man with a big mustache and seven feet tall body. He had short black hair with black pupils. His neck was little long and his hands too. He had buffed body with a tough attitude on his face. He was wearing a black coat just like Daniel.

When Fire Emperor and Emperor Lewis saw Mike, they were pleasantly surprised. They obviously knew that he chose Mike as his disciple three weeks ago. And Mike has awakened four weeks ago. It was has to noted that, he only visited his disciple one week ago.

They had already checked his background. Unlike David, nobody could find the abnormalities in his background. But, they do know about him crossing the Hell-Level Difficulty. So, they weren't abnormally surprised.

In fact, they were a little unsatisfied with his act. Especially, the Fire Emperor felt little pity for Mike. After all, rapid improvement of cultivation might hamper his strength. As for Emperor Lewis, he didn't care about Mike.

"Hello Mike Tyson, My name is Callum Knight. Nice to meet you!" Fire Emperor extended his hand for the handshake which surprised Mike. After all, the person standing in front of him was an Emperor.

Seeing his easygoing attitude, Mike also extended his hand for the handshake. But suddenly, he felt a powerful suppression that was pushing him to the ground.

'Damn it! I knew it wouldn't be a simple handshake.' While Mike was having a hard time resisting the pressure and staying on his foot, the expression of Callum changed. He exerted a little more pressure but Mike instantly used his Unique Ability and stood straight in his foot.

But the Callum didn't stop. He exerted even greater pressure on Mike. At this moment, the red light bloomed from his body. In an instant, energy in the liquid gaseous state emerged around him. In an instant, a powerful slaughter spirit burst out of him.

"Hey, what is going on?"

"Who is emitting so much killing intent?"

"Look! It's coming from there. Is that red energy around him releasing this much killing intent?"

Many people started gathering as they felt the killing intent burst out of Mike. Normally, the pressure from Fire Emperor was only on Mike. So, they didn't know what was happening. More importantly, most of the people in this hall were Kings and Commanders.

"Well, I admit I was wrong." After Mike withstood the third wave of pressure, Callum takes his hand back.

"Huff! Huff! Huff! Huff!" After he was released, the Slaughter Spirit returns back to his body as he started panting hard. In just a few seconds, his stamina was also halved. His body was covered got covered in sweat.

"Here take this!" Seeing Mike panting so much, Callum passed a bottle of green juice to him. Mike took the green juice as he instantly understood the effect. But, he gave the Fire Emperor a hateful gaze and returned back.

"Boy, where are you going?" Mad Beast Emperor was a little confused by Mike's action. He didn't know Mike would throw tantrum over such a small thing. But Mike didn't reply and ran off to his room.

"Mad Beast, did I do something wrong?" The Callum was confused by Mike's action. That glare was telling him that he did something very wrong.

His two disciples, Emperor Lewis, and his daughter were also confused, thinking.

'What a baby?'

"Master, I will go check on him." Daniel felt a little embarrassed by Mike's action. But when he reached the room, his expression froze for a moment.

5 Minutes Later,

Mike and Daniel walked through the same path. Some people recognized Mike but seeing him again, their expression froze too. When Mike appeared in front of the Emperor's gaze, they also looked at him with confusion.

Mike completely ignored their gazes and walked in front of the girl near Emperor Lewis. She was five feet eight inches tall. Her skin was glowing with a white complexion. Her pupils were crystal black with soft cheeks. Those rosy lips were melting his heart. And that black hair was falling behind her.

That curved body with C-Cup-sized breasts covered by a black leather jacket. She was also wearing the same type of pants. It was made for close combat. (A/N- Black Widow's Dress)

Even the girl was surprised by Mike's approach. When he reached in front of her, he made a gentleman's gesture with a slight bow and said "Hello Milady, My name is Mike Tyson. I am glad to be your partner in the first round."

'Fuck you, dude? Did you just took a five-minute bath for introducing yourself?' Every single youth cursed Mike when they saw him introducing in the gentleman's position.

Callum's face twitched as he finally understands why Mike gave him that look. He found Mike hated him for ruining his looks and a chance to introduce himself to Lewis's daughter.

"Olive Xavier!" Olive wasn't disappointed by his act rather she was surprised. Her tone was still cold as she introduced herself. But soon, she turned around and walked towards the Fighting Area.

"Olive!" Lewis seeing his daughter act shouted at her but she didn't turn back. He sighed and looked at Mike, speaking "Hello Mike Tyson! My name is Lewis Xavier. I can discuss her ability with...….."

While he was speaking, Mike interrupted him with a bow and his words "I apologize, Emperor Lewis. I would like to talk with a beautiful lady rather than an old man."

Saying so, he instantly ran away. The veins in Lewis's forehead popped out but he released a long breath and muttered "Master was bastard, disciple turned out to be a super bastard."

"Old Gorilla, who are you calling the bastard?" Although his voice was small, everyone near him could hear him. When Mad Beast Emperor saw Mike chasing Olive, he was smiling. But his smile froze upon hearing Lewis's comment.

"Wow! He is so cool." One of the Fire Emperor's disciples, Tori Pratt was nearly as tall as Olive. Except, she was wearing a red mini-skirt with a red thin hoody. She was revealing her long leg with that messy hair. She had a pale white complexion as well. But, her beauty was seductive.

Her lips were colored with red lipstick. And those eyebrows were polished in black. Her pupils were black matching with her black hair. She bit her pink tongue with white teeth and muttered "But, why didn't he introduce himself to me? Do I lack something?"

She spoke as she glanced at her B-Sized Breast. But, the youth standing near her spoke "No, he left because you look like a slut."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The man standing near her was six feet tall. He had a slender body with a white complexion. His eyes were a little long with blue pupils. He had blue hair that matches his eyes. With the jeans on his lower body, he had a blue t-shirt. His name was Andrew Matt.

He was wearing a pair of silver shoes. Hearing his words, Tori's expression darkens as she lifted her leg and stomped on his foot.

"Ouch!" Those flat shoes didn't have piercing power like hills, so he only felt powerful stomp. Although it didn't pierce, it still hurts.

"Humph! How dare you insult your senior?" After stomping his feet, she crossed her arms and snorted at him.

"Sorry, Senior Tori!" With no choice left, Andrew apologized. Seeing this, Callum shook his head.

On other side,

Mike caught up to Olive. He walked by her side and spoke while facing her "Miss Olive, I think we should discuss our strength. After all, you don't want to lose in the first battle, do you?"

Olive stood frozen for a moment. She didn't reply instead she gave him a deep look and nodded her head. Seeing this, Mike revealed a gleeful smile and spoke "Miss Olive, let's go and have a cup of coffee!"

Olive gave him a sharp look as if he was trying to flirt with her. She didn't have the time to joke around. But at this moment, Mike revealed another smile and said "Miss Olive, if we talk here many people can hear us."

"Although it doesn't matter too much if top families heard us, then they might prepare a counter-attack. After all, I am Mad Beast Emperor's disciple. While you are also related to an emperor. So, let's have a cup of coffee in the room and discuss our strength."

If Mike hadn't spoken those words, he would have got scolded for being very close to her. When he gave her the identity, he didn't say Emperor Lewis's daughter or even revealed Xavier Family. This made her realize just how much he cared while speaking.

And, so she didn't get angry at him. Instead, she lowered her head and nods at him. Receiving her reply, he showed his bare teeth with a big smile and showed her the way.

But after walking for fifty meters, he stopped. He turned back as his face turned red. He fondles the back of his head and said: "Sorry Miss Olive, I don't know the direction to the café."

"Pu-chi! Hahaha!" Seeing his embarrassed face, Olive suddenly smiled and started laughing.  When she realized what she was doing, she caught his hands and ran away with embarrassment.

She took him to a café. When they stood in front of the café, Mike looked at her embarrassed red face and muttered "That smile was so beautiful."

He wasn't lying. Her laughter really made her beauty shines. Olive also accepted his compliment with a blush on her face. Both of them entered the café and walked towards the private room. Surprisingly, no one stopped him but then he realized this café was still inside the hotel.

He ordered the coffee as they started looking at each other. The blush on Olive's face slowly fades away which made him a little sad, but he couldn't do anything about it. He could use the Sex Aura. But he wasn't sure about it.

He naturally found the flaw of Sex Aura. If he uses Sex Aura now, she might feel uncomfortable. If both of them were trapped from where she couldn't escape, then it would've worked. And, if her mind was weak or if she had some kind of adoration towards him, then it could work.

But this situation doesn't have any favorites for Mike. So, he can't use Sex Aura otherwise she might directly leave.

"Miss Olive, now that we are here. Let's talk about each other's skills and power. Of course, you can keep some of your trump cards secret. I am thirteenth rank soldier like you. My Innate Ability is S-Rank Brute Force. I do have a Fire Element but it is not an innate ability."

"I have three major skills. Supernova Explosion which is an A-Rank skill granting me Explosion Domain. I also have Stars Fall Evening which is also an A-Rank skill granting me Gravity Control. And finally, I have a spear skill known as Burning Tiger Howling Spirit Spear Art.'

"I have consumed two drops of dragon blood. But my physical strength is strong compared to others."

After Mike stopped, Olive gave him a silent but alert look. Even though he was her partner in this battle, he was still an enemy. So, she was very surprised and alert by his innate abilities and skills. But she calmed down and spoke.

"I am a thirteenth rank soldier with eight evolutions. I have an S-Rank Berserk Innate Ability. Because this ability destroys my body, I can't use it much often. I do have the powerful physical strength unlike others and I've consumed four drops of dragon blood."

"I have also consumed two drops of Golden Tortoise Blood and one drop of Qilin Blood. I have four skills. White Tiger Boxing Style is an A-Rank skill. I have completely mastered it and so I have Berserk Domain. Floating Steps and Mountain Bear Body Protection Shield are B-Rank skills. Razor Claws which is a C-Rank skill."

After giving a short explanation of her power, she stopped. At the same time, coffee arrived. While taking a sip, Mike asked "Miss Olive, which kind of opponent do you find comfortable to face?"

"I can handle any kind of an opponent. But, I still have some problems facing speed type. Though I can take them down if I can make a single hit. After all, speed type does not have the strong defensive body." Olive explained as she took the sip as well.

"I have no problem dealing with speed type. My Sonic Explosion gives me enough speed. But my Stars Fall Evening covers a huge area, so you should immediately arrive near me once I use this skill." Mike who just wanted to have a longer conversation kept speaking whatever came to his mouth.

"Okay! All of my skills are at close range. So, you won't have any problem when I use the skill. But as I previously stated, I won't go berserk unless necessary. Although my ability energy has the properties of the berserk, it still needs to be completely activated." Olive didn't know why but she started telling him about her weakness as well.

Although she already said that, she didn't clarify it. Of course, it is still unclear how much damage will she suffer. But what made him a little flustered was her consumption of resources.

Unlike him, she was well prepared about her defense and speed as well. Finally, Mike understood his master's worry. But he still had the situation under control. His unique ability doubles everything. And, he also has Gravity Control.

Except for defense, he has good control over strength and speed. For strength, he already had the strength of someone consuming four drops of dragon blood. And for speed, he can use his Gravity. After one week of training, he has learned how to use gravity while not affecting his body.

"I think that's all we need to know about each other for this battle. But I would be more than glad to talk anything with Miss Olive." Mike smirk as he finished the conversation for the battle and shifted it towards the general talk.

"But, I have nothing to talk with you." Olive's attitude was a little rude. But he can't get angry with her. After all, he understands that she just wants to reach the top ten. Suddenly, Mike asked "But, we still need to finish the coffee, don't we? So, let's talk until we finish it."

After that, they started talking about the general things while finishing the coffee. Both of them walked out after Mike pays for the coffee. While walking side by side, Mike whispered "This feels like a date."

Although he said that in low voice, Olive still heard that. She glared at him but soon turned her head down with a slight blush on her face.

She did so because she noticed most of them were doing the same. Many duos were in the group boy and girl. Not only that, but most of them were also walking while holding each other's arms. They were enjoying the scenery.

"Miss Olive, how about we walk until the completion starts?" Mike suddenly asked her while extending his elbow towards her. She felt a little irritated but just when she was about to leave. She suddenly stopped and returned back to his position.

Then, she folded her arm through his arm and whispered "Please act as my boyfriend for now! Please!"

For a moment, Mike didn't understand what was happening here. He was pretty confused. But suddenly, a female voice rang on his ears.

"Olive!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

30 minutes later...….

Mike, Olive, and her old friend 'Alena' were sitting in the same café, drinking a cup of coffee. And, at this moment, Mike witnessed a miracle. The smile that was lost from Olive's face reappeared upon talking with Alena.

Both of them seem to be old friends. Although her family was able to identify her mutation and her innate ability early, she still awakened it at the age of sixteen. Hence, she was mistreated by her father only.

Except for him, everyone else seems to love her especially her mother. So, she had some friends during her childhood. Alena was her closest friend. She was also from a top family named Babbage. And, it turns out they promised each other to find a boyfriend next time they meet up.

Olive was very cautious about losing a friend. She feels as if she can't make a boyfriend. She will lose Alena as her friend. After all, her other friends gave similar reasons while breaking the friendship. She didn't know that those of her friends were threatened by her father.

Babbage's family was strong as Xavier, so she couldn't be threatened. But Olive was really scared. While they talking with each other, Mike kept looking at Olive but instead of romantic feeling, there was only pity in his eyes.

"Olive, it seems your boyfriend truly loves. He has been looking at your face for half an hour." Alena was a tall girl with a slender body. She was slim or curvy like Olive rather stays considerably slender like Mike.

That makes her ass and boobs flat. Although she didn't seem to be bothered by it. She was wearing a black tracksuit. She was wearing a pair of sneakers and had her hair tied.

Upon hearing her words, Olive glanced at Mike and blushed a little. Mike also heard her and smiled "Of course, I couldn't watch enough of Olive."

"Hehe! You are pretty romantic, Mike." Alena giggled hearing my words. Surprisingly, she didn't dive deeper into finding their relationship. That was a little confusing considering her relationship with Olive.

But, Mike didn't dive deeper into her either. Rather, he already found what was wrong. There were CCTV cameras attached to most of the corners of the room. And, so he saw a youth like him sitting at a different table, watching him for a long time.

For a moment, he considered that guy to be gay.

But then, he thinks again and finds eye contact between Alena and that guy. He was wearing a black jacket over a t-shirt, a cap and a pair of jeans. Suddenly, a smirk appeared in his eyes. The moment he released Sex Aura.

He concentrated the Sex Aura on two ladies. In an instant, they noticed the difference. But Mike wasn't going to let go so easily. He looked at Alena and asked "Miss Alena, do you perhaps know that guy?"

His question jerked her heart for a moment. She squeezed a fake smile and spoke "No-no, I don't know him. He might be one of the participants who came here for the cup of coffee."

"Maybe, you are right," Mike muttered as she got distracted and forgot about the changes occurring in her body.

"Hey babe, are you alright? Your face is turning red." Mike approached Olive, putting his hands on her forehead out of nowhere. At the same time, he instantly activates Pleasure Hands.

"No-no, I am fine." Olive's heart also jerked but for a different reason. She quickly dodged his hand and shifted near Alena. Mike starts laughing in his heart. But he noticed that guy was still holding a phone. He didn't know why but he got skeptical about that phone being a normal one.

But he still kept his eyes on Olive and Alena while speaking "Ladies, I think you two are not feeling comfortable here. How about we leave?"

Just when he finished his sentence, the guy shook his head until Alena got his signal.

"Yessss, we should leave." Olive was trying to find a reason to leave this situation. She didn't know why but she was getting aroused just by looking at Mike. Originally, Mike planned to win her heart romantically.

But, Claire suggested not to do so. The reason was pretty simple. He wasn't having any romantic feelings about Olive. He was just feeling pity for her. He just wanted to save her. Claire opposed his mindset but he couldn't change it on the spot.

Finally, he got no choice but to accept her suggestion. Because of his average looks and charm, it would take a long time. Presumably, when he frees her and her sister from her father. And, Claire didn't allow him to waste time like this.

And more importantly, Mike also got suspicious about Alena and the guy in the black jacket. Simply because he felt they were here for him rather than Olive. But he hasn't met both of them. And his doubt became realistic when she said "No Olive, let's stay here for a while."

"It's very chaotic outside. I think you just want to hold your boyfriend's hands while walking. You can do it here as well, you know."

Then, she turned his head at Mike and said "Mike, how about you sit between us? This way you can be close to Olive while we can still talk with each other."

'Holy shit! Is this the protagonist's luck or what? I am getting what I need.' For a moment, he forgot that Alena was doing this only because the guy in the black jacket told her.

'Damn! I need to calm down. Just five more minutes! After that, I can leave this damn place. Why did I even agree to meet this bitch in the first place?' If Mike could read her thoughts, he wouldn't be shocked. Because he guessed the relationship between Alena and Olive would be like this after observing her for half an hour.

Alena was trying to have the conversation with Olive as if they meet regularly. No more feelings, no more love, just pretending to be a friend. As a reader in his previous life, Mike understood the fact that Alena no longer treats her like a friend.

On other hand, Olive was trying her best to make conversation and maintain the friendship. This is why he pities her. That's why he couldn't generate a romantic feeling for her.

Mike wasn't an idiot. Since he was given an opportunity, he will definitely use it to the fullest. And, he decided to ignore that camera of the phone pointed at him for almost ten minutes. Mike got between them and instantly grabbed Olive's hand, giving her a gentle smile.

Olive who was tied between the friendship and irritation, could only let him hold her hands. But, this was exactly what he wanted. Due to the immense pleasure released by the touch of his hand, Olive's face turned redder.

"Miss Alena, I think Olive is not feeling good here. Should we move out?" Mike turned his head at Alena and spoke with an irritated and annoyed expression.

Seeing his expression, Alena panicked and sneak a peek at the guy in a black jacket. He instantly shook his head making her speak in a hurried tone "No, no, no! I think Olive is feeling shy. After all, you are holding her hands in front of me. But, she also wants to keep holding your hands. She is stuck between her feelings and embarrassment."

"So, how about you hold my hands? This way she wouldn't feel embarrassed."

'What kind of logic is that? And, how do you know that she is stuck between her feelings and embarrassment? Don't you think your plan is being obvious to find out?' Mike looked at her speechlessly but still grabbed her hand.

At this moment, Sex Aura and Pleasure Hands were working together. Mike's doubts were even clearer after hearing her words.

For an entire five minutes, Olive and Alena got drowned in the midst of pleasure and lust. They couldn't escape or say something. They could only rub their thigh together. After five minutes, the man stood up and walked out.

They weren't in the private rooms so he could see that man disappearing like a shadow when he reached outside.

"Olive, I think we should leave now. You need to prepare for the battle as well." After he left, Alena also stood up. But when she tried to wake, she felt her entire bottom was drenched wet. But suddenly, Olive also stood up and said "I need to go to the washroom. Alena, please wait until I return, okay?"

When she smiled and leave, Alena also felt frustrated. She also wanted to leave for the washroom but she felt she will end up masturbating. Suddenly, Mike pulled her down beside him and whispered "Miss Alena, I don't think you should go outside in this condition. Would you like to follow me for a minute?"

At this moment, Mike released his Sex Aura to the limit and his pleasure hand kept holding her hand. He stood up followed by her. He left a cunning smile and slowly walked towards the washroom. Because there were fewer people in the café. He wasn't worried about being seen.

After few seconds, he stood in front of the door but Alena froze when she saw the mark on the front door.

"Men"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why did you lead me here?" Alena got a little shocked and frustrated after arriving in front of the men's washroom. She took a few steps back. At this moment, Mike turned his head at her and said "You can leave if you want. But, will you leave with such a wet pussy?"

Hearing his question, she halted her steps. She couldn't go back. Because cleaning is not just enough for her. She wants to masturbate but she wants to get fucked even more. The power of lust was slowly overwhelming her mind.

Saying so, he slowly opened the door and stepped in. There was no one inside. He was still holding her hand. And, so she ended up entering inside.

When she entered inside, Mike closed the door and suddenly pushed her against the wall. For a moment, her heartbeat escaped, not daring to look at his eyes. But the Sex Aura was getting intense with each of his movements.

He grabs her chin and faced her with a smirk on his face. He leans his face closer and covers her lips with his. At this moment, Alena kept screaming in her mind 'Why? Why? Why? I want to leave. Why can't I? My legs! No, my whole body is not listening to me.'

"Wu! Hmm!"

Their kissing got a lot better when his tongue enters her mouth. At this moment, their tongues started playing around with a passionate kiss. The moan escapes her mouth startling her. She hurriedly pushes him away.

"So, I thought you wanted that. Sigh! I just wasted my time. I should instead go and do it with Olive." Mike sighed and slowly walks out.

"Don't kid with me! There is no way you would be her boyfriend. That bitch has lost every bit of her emotions. There is no way she would accept anyone before freeing her twin sister much less have sex with her." Alena caught his hand and pulled him in front of her. There was displeasure and anger in her face when she yells at him.

"Then, what about you? What are you doing in a male washroom with a completely unknown person? If a person who is as talented and wealthy as you can let me kiss you, why can't I fuck her by mentally supporting her? She is just a heartbroken person that needs someone to console her. And, look at you? Even though you seem rational, you are rubbing legs to calm that itchy pussy of yours." Mike took a step forward and pushed her to the walls.

He puts a big smirk on his face and speaks with pride and disdain on his face.

Mike was released both of his Sex Aura and Pleasure Hand to make her fall in the depth of lust. These divine abilities were creating the illusions that could give the utmost pleasure to them, only carving for more.

He slowly placed his hand on her belly and she screams "Stop!"

"Come on! Make up your freaking mind!" As she resists him, he instantly stops but still keeps holding her hands.

"You?" Alena clenches her fist with frustration. She couldn't understand whether Mike was a good guy or a bad guy.

"Look, miss! You are right about Olive. But, you are underestimating me. I have two girlfriends and two sex slaves. The former is better than you while the latter is equal to you. I don't need to rape you for satisfying my desire for sex. I was just helping you. Since you don't need my help. I shall leave." Mike made a serious expression and answers her with a straightforward look.

He turns around and walks away. But once again, he got caught by her as she pulls him near her. She bites her lips and muttered, "Please help me!"

At this moment, her pussy was itching so much that she wanted to release it. And more importantly, she wanted to get released by him. This was the effect of Sex Aura. It's like a precum. Until she rides his dick, she just wants to get pounded by him.

But, at the same time, she will leave if he can't satisfy her. Unfortunately, that's not possible. Mike shows a smirk on his lips and places his hand on her belly. He slowly moves his hand down while covering her lips with his.

"Uhhhh! Hhmmm"

As their tongue coiled like snakes, his finger reached her cave. He curves his middle finger and ring finger. Slowly, he moves them inside. While moving in, he slows down as he thinks of something else. He unbends his finger and heads straight to her womb.

Although, he was unable to reach her womb. His two-finger coated with Pleasure Hand Divine Ability, he was easily giving her the most pleasurable moment. And doing so, he started sucking her tongue to vividly enjoy the process.

He slowly moves his left and to her right breast. It was pretty small but the nipples were hard. Her clothes were making it harder to press due to the black hoody. He had slid his hands from the hoody and press her nipple.

There was another barrack between his finger and that nipple. He once again slides his hand and finally pressed her raw hard nipple.

"Mhmm!" As he presses it hard, Alena starts moaning. But he didn't stop. With one hand, he was playing with her pussy. With another hand, he was playing with her breast. And, he had another hand. The golden slime appeared on his left hand that was pressing her right breast.

The golden slime had a rubbery-sponge body. As he commands the golden slime, it changes into a hand that gropes her right breast.

'Mhmm! What's happening? Does he have three hands? And, that hasn't even been included yet.' For a moment, Alena freaked out. She didn't know it was the golden slime.

Mike didn't speak. He curved his fingers and start hitting her G-spot. He wanted to make her cum. With his technique and pleasure hands, he was able to make her cum in five minutes. But after cumming, her desire for his dick grew.

Just when she was about to grab his dick, Mike backed up. He lifted his hand that was covered in her cum and said "Suck it!"

As drowned as she was in lust, she didn't even care. She instantly sucked his finger clean. But after that, heartbreaking words rang in her ear.

"Since I have helped you, I shall leave. There are only two kinds of people who can continue forward with this pleasure. Either it is my girlfriend or it is my slave. I don't look down on you but you really suck in talent, looks, and wealth against my girlfriend. So, if you want to continue, be my slave."

"My room number is 303. I know it might be hard to accept. But, me taking you as my slave is already your blessing. Of course, the choice is yours. If you want to continue unsatisfied sex with your boyfriend, you should forget me. Otherwise, become my slave."

Saying so, he didn't waste a single breath inside. Her pussy was dripping the cum on the ground while she was making a shocked expression. She couldn't digest what she just heard.

While outside, Mike cleaned his face on the sink and walked out with a golden sponge in his hand. It was a little different though. There were two golden sponges or rather, one was still in hand shape while the other was in its true half-spherical shape.

"Race- Golden Slime (Teenage)

Age- 13-19

Affinity- Void (Main), Fire (Secondary)

Rank- E-Rank (Soldier Realm)

Bloodline Abilities- Transformation, Regeneration, Cloning, and Devour

STR: 500

AGI: 500

INT: 500 (It doesn't represent smartness)

STM: 500

DEF: 500"

When the slime evolved into the Golden Slime, he was shocked after looking at these same stats. It was almost half of a newborn dragon. And, the slimes are considered to be the lowest level monsters. Unless they have a special affinity like this slime.

Golden Slime is very unique. Even though this slime is only an E-Rank, it has already awakened four bloodline abilities. Cloning and Regeneration might be the common skills in unique smiles. But Devour and Transformation are still rare especially devour.

Of course, the main reason it has such bloodline ability is related to its affinity which is Void.

Void is said to be an existence that can devour anything even space. And more importantly, its bloodline abilities are like chain abilities.

If it devours metal, it can transform into a metal. Even if it doesn't devour it, as long as it touches, it can still transform. But, it won't possess the attributes. Like, if it devours fire and then it devours spear, it can transform into a spear that can produce fire.

Due to the master-disciple relationship, it already possesses a Fire attribute. And, if Mike transforms it into a spear and uses it in the battle. He can get all of its stats as bonus stats. But, there is a problem. It costs a lot of money.

If he wants this slime to reach D-Rank, at the very least, he needs to spend ten S-Rank treasures for it to devour.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Mike walks out, Alena also walks out but her face was completely red. Although she had cleaned her pussy, she still feels itchy. When she walks out of the café, a silent wind blows near her and the guy in a jacket appears and asks.

"What took you so long?"

"None of your business! Did you confirm his identity or not?" Alena's red glow slowly fades away and her expression turns cold as she spoke.

"Yes, it has been confirmed. He might have changed his surname. He can't change his DNA. Mike Darin, son of Michel Darin and Elizabeth Tyson. Michel Darin has been out of our radar. But, Elizabeth Tyson and Mike Tyson seem to be living in Ethen State."

"Due to having almost no relationship with cultivator, they were completely out of context. But now, we were able to find his existence. I have already informed the seniors. They are discussing the primary steps they need to make."

Hearing all this, Alena stayed silent with a cold look on her face.

The hand-shaped sponge dissolves in the golden slimes' main body, it transforms into a wrist band. Wearing the golden slime as a wristband, Mike walks towards the battle arena. Olive has already given her current location, so it didn't take long to find her.

She was standing with her father, his master, Fire Emperor, his disciple, Daniel, and a few other middle-aged men. The arena was just in front of the hotel. It was very big. And more importantly, there were two arenas like that.

Each had a size that can fit more than a hundred thousand people. After he greeted his master and others, everyone entered the arena from the participant's gate. It was an especial gate created for them. While the crowd enters from other gates.

When he saw the pathway, he was terrified for a moment. The path had a red carpet which was pretty much clean as a house of a hardworking housewife.

And, when he entered the arena, he was even more shocked. It was completely different from the arenas of his previous life. Not just a design created with gold that looks more like an auction house than an arena.

Fortunately, those designs were made for different and highly respected guests. The entire circle had one main stage at the east part. The stage was created up to the height of fifty meters. And, it was completely designed with several antiques and even the monster's bodies.

Like the walls seems to be made out of turtles shell. And, the seat the top was made out of gold. It was specifically created for the Emperor. There were several other normal seats around it. While other stages at west, north, and south were as big as it.

They didn't have that same golden seat. When he sees the big ground without a stage to fight, he got confused. But, he suddenly remembers there were only two rules. Either die or submit. So, there would be no knocking the opponent on the ground rule.

Mike had to wait another half an hour until a middle-aged stand in front of the golden seat while the entire arena gets filled with a crowd. But, suddenly he noticed that the man was just a hologram. Even though it was a hologram, most people kneeled to show respect to the Emperor.

He was the Emperor of the Asian Emperor. He was six feet tall with a board chest like his master but a lot less bulky. He had fairly rough skin. It was average. The Emperor spreads his arm saying "Rise, my people!"

With his command, everyone rose in their foot. Mike did the same. Except for other emperor rank cultivators, everyone else had to show their respect. Mike also noticed lots of teenagers of his age around him.

This specific area was for the participant. That's why he was looking at every participant he could see. The Emperor Hologram had a powerful sound system that was set across the arena. After everyone stood up, he spoke "My people, today we are holding the Asia Continent's Genius Tournament."

"I am very glad that every genius from each corner of the content has arrived for the battle. I hope everyone has outdone themselves for this tournament because this time we have five times greater reward for the top hundred and top ten specifically."

"And, today I am going to announce the most shocking information in front of the masses. I know many of you will disagree and agree with this decision. But, I hope everyone will have some faith in their leader. After all, we are chosen by you and we will only do what benefits you."

At this moment, the entire crowd looked at the Emperor's hologram with confusion on their head. The top-level ministers and officers were having a hard time while looking at the crowd.

"The Earth has sworn an alliance with the Alkiwon for the better future. This alliance has been signed by all six continent leaders including myself and the leader of Revolution. This alliance has several rules and benefits that I can't explain here. Since it is very long and distinctive."

"Noooooooo!"

"We do not agree!"

Just when the emperor was about to continue, people across the field shouted with anger and disappointment on their faces.

"Your Majesty, we will never alliance ourselves with the people that almost slaughtered us."

"Yes, we are good enough on our own. We don't need others' help."

"Emperor, please break this alliance!"

Many people started retaliating. Seeing this, Emperor sighed and shouted "SILENCE!"

......

"If you can fight and defeat S-Rank Monster then I will terminate this contract by myself. CAN YOU?" The Emperor voice's was loud and clear. With each word coming out of his mouth, the entire crowd got silent. It was indeed the truth.

They can't defeat the S-Rank monster. But suddenly, one of the people from the crowd shouted "If we surrender just because we can't defeat them, then why did we survive on that day?"

"Give us the answer! Why did our ancestors fight so hard for us? Was it because we will bow down to our worst enemy?" Another one shouted.

"Just because you are an Emperor doesn't give you the right to play with our dignity and feelings." Another one shouted.

"We will never accept this." "We will never accept this." "Change the emperor!" "Change the empire!"

"We will never accept this." "We will never accept this." "Change the emperor!" "Change the empire!"

"We will never accept this." "We will never accept this." "Change the emperor!" "Change the empire!"

"We will never accept this." "We will never accept this." "Change the emperor!" "Change the empire!"

These words were like the holy chant resounding throughout the arena. Mike puts his hand on his chin thinking deeply while looking at the crowd shouting at the emperor.

"What are you thinking so deeply?" Mad Beast Emperor asked breaking his concentration.

Mike puts his hand behind his head and said "I don't see tomatoes or stones around. I wonder whether they will throw their shoes at him."

"Then, you are underestimating them." Mad Beast Emperor spoke with a serious face on his face.

'That's just the dumb expression for the true answer.' Everyone near him slapped air and cursed him in their mind.

"What makes you say that?" Mike took his serious expression for a serious battle and asked with confusion while looking at him.

"Look!" Mad Beast Emperor didn't explain and pointed his finger at them.

Mike turns his head at the crowd and froze. He turned around and asks "Are we so freaking rich?"

"Not everyone! But the people who have spent one million dollars just to enter this arena are indeed rich." Mad Beast Emperor spoke with profound expression. His words twitched Mike's expression.

"But that doesn't give you a damn reason for throwing your gold chain, watch, and smartphones at the emperor." Mike smashed his palm at his forehead and spoke with deep jealousy.

He was thinking that if people can throw such valuable objects at him, he will definitely ally with every race in the universe.

Boom!

But suddenly, a firecracker launched at the sky and exploded attracting everyone's attention. When the cloud of explosion disappears, a huge holographic notice board appears. It was nearly ten meters tall and wide.

"Three Main Benefits of the Alliance to us

1. Alkiwon Race will give us the proper method and training for reaching A-Rank

2. Alkiwon Race will compensate us with Twenty Billion Dark Energy Crystals for the losses of that year.

3. Alkiwon Race will provide us 2 Million S-Rank Genetic Modification Fluid, 10 S-Rank Cultivation Technique, and A Ring World in our solar system."

"One Main Benefit of the Alliance to Alkiwon

"1. They can send 10 geniuses of their race to the Divine Grade Tomb each year."

When everyone read those terms, everyone stopped speaking badly about the government. At this moment, Emperor spoke "I know many of you are still dissatisfied with this alliance. But, yesterday's enemy can be today's friend."

"Yeah, we lost a lot in that war. But, we are gaining a lot through this alliance. Our earth is very weak at this moment. If we want to keep the earth safe, we must improve our strength. Many of you do not know anything about the realm above Emperor."

"We haven't reached that realm and we know how difficult it is. Not only do we need massive resources, but we also need many techniques and guidance. So, please swallow your anger and cooperate with our newly formed alliance member."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Although many people still had different views over the alliance, they didn't shout. In front of them, the emperor was no longer present. Instead, a man around the age of thirty walked out. He was wearing dotted black gray and pants.

He had the microphone attached near his mouth. Looking at the crowd that had lost their excitement, he spreads his arms and shouted "EVERYONE WELCOME TO THE TOURNAMENT OF GENIUSES."

"Let's not waste any more time and get ready for the awesome battles between our participants. As for the rewards, let's get the crowd hyped with the reward for top ten."

When he said that, everyone was confused initially because normally they start with the reward for the top hundred. But soon, the excitement appeared in their eyes as giant firecrackers explode in the sky. Seeing the excitement, the MC didn't waste a single moment and shouted "The main reward for the top ten is a chance to enter the Divine Grade Tomb."

"They will also get One Hundred Thousand Dark Energy Crystals, an S-Rank Genetic Modification Fluid, an S-Rank Cultivation Technique, A-Rank Weapon, and Ten Billion Dollars."

"Woahhhhh!"

"That's too much!"

At this moment, some even started complaining. It was almost ten times higher than the previous year. At this moment, MC continued "This time top ten aren't chosen on a regular basis. And, the numbers of competition has also increased."

"The entire tournament will be divided into Five Stages. Duo Battle, Trial Match, Five on Five Battle, Space Battle, and One on One Battle. Yes, this year we are going all out for the genius tournament. We have a total of Two Hundred Thousand Participants Submissions, so YOU CAN EXPECT THE BLAST."

When he shouts through his microphone, everyone gets excited. The entire crowd started shouting.

"Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!" "Start the Battle!"

The MC had a proud expression on his face when he saw the excitement of the crowd. MC took a deep breath and shouted "Two Hundred Thousand Participants will be notified about their partner and opponent through their email and direct call from me. The rewards for the top hundred will be uploaded on our main screen."

"Since we have changed the tournament structure, we got no choice but to change the rules as well. Well, nothing much has changed except we have added the time limit. In the first stage, you must either make your opponent submit or unable to fight within five minutes."

"Yes, five minutes is the time limit of the Duo Battles. And, if either of the duos does not succeed in defeating their opponent, both teams will be disqualified. Rules of the next part will be revealed when we reach there."

"For now, let's start the competition with our first Duos Battle."

At this moment, several drones flew up in the air, revealing the virtual screen with the participant's name and photos on it. The yellow light shone on two pictures and then randomly moves everywhere. After ten seconds, it stopped on two pictures.

"For the first battle, we have Alfred Mathew and Ren as the Team A."

"By the way, I forgot to mention. Different battles are currently held in twenty arenas simultaneously. But, since this was the basic information, it doesn't matter. Hahaha!" MC spoke with a burst of laughter. At the same time, the second team got decided.

"Team B includes Ale and Karen. Please welcome our two teams with a round of applause."

Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!

His words were followed by the loud clapping of the crowd. The enthusiastic crowd was mixed with several shapes and sizes. They had different clothing and complexion.

Two teams soon arrived on the battlefield. Mike was closely watching them. One team had one boy and another girl while another team had two boys.

Alfred was a tall boy with red spiky hair while Ren was a short girl with round and cute face. Ale was a muscular boy with a sandy complexion and a tough attitude. As for Karen, he was a tall guy with black hair. Both teams stared at each other with the battle intent overflowing from their eyes.

"Team A versus Team B starts!"

When MC finished his words, Alfred lifts his right hand and snaps his finger. In an instant, hundreds of yellow blades appeared above Ale and Karen.

"Ale, you go!" Karen shouted as two giant fans appeared in his hand. He positioned himself and spun his fans at those blades. With a single swing, dozens of wind blades were created that cuts those light blades apart.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!

Ale had already moved halfway. But suddenly he noticed, a giant shadow falling upon him. In front of him, a giant sheep emerged behind Ren. As Ale moved forward, the giant sheep smashed its fist at him.

Bang!

The fist collided against the ground creating a disastrous tremor. Ale who barely dodged the fist had a giant red scale on his fists. It was like the head of a dragon. When he stabilized himself, he pointed the dragon's mouth at the sheep and shots a breath of red flames.

Boom!

The flames changed into a stream as it rushed towards the sheep. But the sheep were already prepared. It caught both hands and smashed the flame stream. But upon colliding, the flames engulfed the sheep.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, a yellow light passed by him. Just when he was about to turn around, the sheep smashed both of its limbs in the air. In an instant, the sheep shrunk as the wool on its body fell off.

Whoosh!

Without giving him a single chance to do anything, the sheep without wool rushed out of the flames and smashed its fist at Ale. But those dragon heads weren't for fun. Ale separates his arms and pulls his right hand.

When the sheep punches his stomach, he raised his right fist and smashed the sheep's head. Suddenly, another giant shadow fell upon him and another fist smashed him on the ground.

Bang! Bang!

A few Seconds Earlier, Alfred's right leg kicks Karen's neck, smashing him on the walls. Suddenly, the yellow light flashed near Ren. Countless small yellow dots combined and formed Alfred.

When Mike saw this, he looked at his master and asked "Master, how can he transform into a light?"

"Of course, he can. Do you think S-Rank abilities are just for shows? You used gravity without hindering yourself only after Brute Force reached S-Rank. Light Element is also known for its speed. When you awaken S-Rank Light Element, you can transform yourself into the photons and move at the greater sped." Mad Beast Emperor explained him but his tone was a little harsh.

"But, doesn't that mean he is invincible with that speed?" Mike asked as he had seen the speed. In less than a second, Alfred covered the speed of two hundred meters.

"Of course not! Look at him!" Mad Beast Emperor shook his head and pointed his finger at Alfred.

Only then he noticed Alfred was sweat a lot. Not only he was sweating a lot, but he was also breathing faster as well with his hands on his knees. That means he was exhausted. The same goes for Ren. Both were exhausted.

Mad Beast Emperor then spoke "Although he can transform into photons, it takes a lot of stamina and ability energy. After all, Light Element is a powerful ability. Not only has it gives him the immense speed but also the destructive power."

"As for that girl, her sheep has the strength a rank one general combined with her own strength. Just summoning one would be hard for any cultivator. If her Innate Ability wasn't S-Rank, then she would have a hard time."

"Even though her opponent only had A-Rank Innate Ability, he was able to counter her with his overbearing dragon flames. He must have consumed dragon blood that can resonate with his innate ability and improve it."

"Although that Karen boy Wind Fans were pretty strong, it doesn't increase his speed. With such speed and destructiveness, you can only save yourself with a powerful defense. Of course, if you can feel his direction, then you can dodge it."

"Here is the best part! Light only travels in a straight line. That means you can predict his movement and dodge it. Of course, you need greater speed as well."

"Oh!" Upon hearing his words, Mike didn't panic. Although he was fascinated by the transformation, he wasn't afraid. Yeah, light is the fastest. But, can it surpass teleportation. As his master said, as long as he can keep an eye on his opponent, he would be able to fight properly.

After all, he has space genes. But at the same time, he was fascinated by S-Rank gene modification fluid. While this was on his mind, he did forget to ask this previously. Since he remembered it, he immediately asked through his thoughts 'Claire, Rank-7 was equal to S-Rank. Does the same logic apply to other ranks like Space genes?'

"Yes, Host!" Claire replied on his mind.

'So, if I get the S-Rank Genes Modification Fluid, can you modify it further with your technology?' Mike asked with a little expectation on his heart. His current Space Gene was just Rank-1. Getting a Rank-7 gene will be much more beneficial.

"I can. But, it will still cost." Claire replied with a rigid tone as if she was telling him she won't do anything for free.

'Yes, this makes things easier for me.' Mike rejoiced upon hearing that. But, at the same time, he heard the voice of MC that made him surprised.

"Team A- Zen and Seru"

"Team B- Mike Tyson and Olive Xavier"

"Please welcome them with a round of applause!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ho! It's our turn." Mike turned his head at Olive as he smirked. But soon noticed that she was already ten steps ahead of him. Then, he needed to speed up to catch up to her.

"Hey wait!" Mike sped up his legs as he moved faster but didn't run. It would be embarrassing to run here. Although he would very much like to make an entry from the sky, the time hasn't come yet.

Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!

As he moved towards the stage, the entire crowd started screaming. But then he noticed, they were screaming for Olive.

"Hush!" With a helpless expression, he reached the battlefield. Since you could have a chance of dying in their hands, you won't go shaking hands of your enemy, right?

Both teams stood at two different ends of the battlefield. Team A had Zen and Seru. Looking up at the holographic display, he found Zen was the short guy but slim body while Seru was a tall boy with wings behind his back.

Wing! Wing... Wings?

Mike blinked his eyes and then rubbed them. He leaned close to Olive and asked "Olive, do you think that is ability?"

"Isn't it obvious?" Olive gave him a disdain look as she spoke. He doesn't understand why but her tone was colder than usual.

"Okay, it seems he is a very cautious person." Mike nods his head understand this kind of cautious behavior. After all, Alfred kicked his opponent at a light speed (not literally). If you aren't cautious, you can get kick or punches at any given moment.

'Oh my god! Why am I feeling so excited? And, why is my pussy behaving like this? Have I fallen for him? No, I can't fall for him. I still need to save my sister. I must maintain this cold tone.' While her appearance seems to be cold, she was screaming with embarrassment in her heart.

She doesn't know why but she feels extremely lustful towards Mike. She even began to doubt whether she has truly fallen for him or not. Well, Mike doesn't have that charm. If he doesn't rely on Sex Aura and Pleasure Hands, he can't make women fall for him in such a short time.

To make a girl fall for you, charm is needed. But charm has a different scope. It would physical appearance unwavering love attitude, intelligent, kind, and helpful behavior, heroic tales, and immense talent. Each has its own attribute to the charm.

But, except these, there is another scope. It is sexual scope. A person can make a woman fall for him just with a single-sex session. Yeah, normally you wouldn't have a sexual relationship with people you don't love. But, not here. In this world, people do not care as they do whatever they want.

And sexual frustration is the most basic obstacle that everyone wants to cross. In his previous world, it wasn't possible. Because there were limited numbers of people who held the idea of 'who cares'. But in this world, many people don't really care.

They do what they want and whether they are men or women, they will do everything to release frustration especially sexual frustration.

Sex Aura and Pleasure Hand falls in that scope. Mike doesn't have amazing charm but these two divine abilities give him an amazing charm. It makes them sexually frustrated. And, it hypnotizes them about Mike being the only person who can release their frustration.

Since many girls do not really care if he can truly release their frustration, they go it. And, once that monstrous dragon enters their cave and shot the divine liquid in their womb, they will fall for it. In fact, Mike's unique ability gives him that dragon that has the power to make all women surrender.

That's why Mike doesn't have a problem with these girls. But with Heavenly Maiden and Supreme Fairies, it is a completely different concept. Yep, they will fall for him if his dragon enters their cave. That's for sure. But, they will never surrender to his Sex Aura or Pleasure Hand.

More importantly, they will never allow him to get closer or touch them in normal circumstances especially if he doesn't change himself. So, when Mike finally stood in front of his enemies, the first thing he thought of was his weak mentality.

'Alright, it's time to change my mentality.' Mike released a deep breath and released a Slaughter Will from his eyes.

'Mentality Training- First Stage!'

'Growing an Attitude"

According to his master, he must have an attitude to change his mentality. This attitude also determines the attributes of his path. Whether it will be easy or hard, humiliating or kingly way, everything will be determined by his attitude.

'Realistic, Decisive, Indifferent, Sympathetic, Tolerant and Confident'

These were the attitudes Mike wants to grow. He wants to be someone that can accept reality. He wants to be decisive over serious matters. He wants to be indifferent and cold to unknown people. He must be sympathetic to people who need him. But he also needs to be tolerant.

Just because people need him doesn't mean he should risk his life. If he can't do it, then he must tolerate it. And finally, he must be confident about his actions and beliefs. At this moment, only two attitudes were growing inside him.

Indifferent and Confident. Filled with these attitudes, he waited till the MC finally says "Team A versus Team B! Battle Start!"

With his signal, the birdman Seru kicked his right foot on the ground while leaning his upper body towards the ground. With his kicking, his body leaped on-air and falls horizontally. But instead of falling down, he spins his entire body and shoots dozens of features from his wings.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Seeing these features rushing towards himself, Mike uses Gravity Control on himself. With his feet stuck on the ground, he infuses his hands with scarlet essence.

"Supernova Explosion"

Boom!

Two streams of red flames shot out of his hand. Unlike the previous times, it was ten times faster covering the entire distance in the middle of a second. When the flames collide with the features, an explosion sweeps the surrounding.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

With the dust rising up, many people lost their vision of Mike and others. But, suddenly Seru came out of the dust cloud with his wings propelling him back. Mike was chasing him with flames coming out of his hands.

Thud!

When he reached in front of Seru, he kicked the ground a leap on air. While suspending upside down, his right palm appeared few inches away from Seru's face while a sharp features few inches away from Mike's stomach.

Boom!

But instead of the stream of flames, few green dots came out of his hands. While they falling towards Seru without having the destructive aura, Mike smashed the stream of flames from his left palm and shot up towards the sky.

"Explosion Domain!"

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

"Sacred Tomb of Phoenix Wings!"

Just when Seru noticed the danger, his wings enlarged as he covered his whole body with them. The wings hardened and those green dots exploded.

Whoosh!

In an instant, the entire surrounding got covered in dust. With a speed of a bullet, Seru flew up with the tattered wings that were slowly healing themselves.

"Feather Strike"

In mid-air, both of his wings combined and he spun. With his powerful rotation, the tip of his wings sharpens like a spear, moving towards Mike.

Seeing this, Mike didn't panic or changed his expression. He tried to keep his cool as the spear appeared on his hand. This spear was different than his howling tiger spear. It was a golden spear with black stripes on it.

It was two meters long with a sharp tip. In an instant, his stats were increased by five hundred. Holding the golden slime that has transformed into a spear, he deactivates Supernova Explosion. But with Gravity Control, he easily manipulated himself and moved towards Seru.

"Burning Tiger Howling Spirit Spear Art- Fire Horned Tiger"

Suddenly, the flames burst out of his spear transforming into a tiger with a horn. The red tiger created out of flames was domineering and filled with intense fire energy. The horn on its head was slightly dimmed. To be exact, that horn was supposed to be the spear tip.

And, it was based on Spear Spirit. Unfortunately, Mike hasn't comprehended Spear Spirit, so that horn lacks luster. Even so, it had a powerful impact as it collided against the tip of the feature.

Bang! Crack! Crack! Crack!

The intense impact after collision destroyed the surrounding, tearing the battlefield. Suddenly, the ground beneath Zen splits which made him unbalanced.

"White Tiger Boxing Style- Roar of Thousand Tigers"

Bang!

Taking this opportunity, Olive takes a step forward and infuses her ability energy into her fist. When the fist traveled through the air, branches suddenly tightens her hands. But the roar of a tiger didn't stop. When she released her fist, the roar broke those branches and smashed Ren to the walls.

Thud!

"Ouch! What the hell? Are you a phoenix or a chicken?" Just when Olive was about to move, Mike smashes the ground near her as he fell from the sky. In the sky, bright orange flames lighten the arena. As Mike stands up with potato growing from his forehead, he looks at the sky and shouts.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seru changed into a phoenix but that phoenix looked more like a chicken especially with wattles, comb, and beak. But his body didn't transform rather formed a flame body that looks like a phoenix/chicken. Seru's flames were scorching hot.

'Damn! That's an S-Rank Innate Ability. I hope Mike can cope with him otherwise we will lose.' Seeing a flaming bird in the sky, Olive's facial expression changed. She wanted to go but suddenly realized Zen was healing himself with a weird yellow flower.

'Calm down, Mike! This is not the time to joke around. I must defeat him within the remaining four minutes.' As his eyes shifted back from the clock, Mike glanced at Seru circling in the sky. But suddenly, his expression changed.

Seru's speed was faster than the wings of the helicopter. It was also creating the denser fire circle around it. When the flames condensed into a thick circle, Seru stopped next to the circle.

"Raining Stream of Phoenix Flames"

Boom! Bang!

A massive stream of red flames fell over Mike. But the next moment, Mike appeared ninety meters above the ground. He appeared just beside Seru. He raised his leg and smashed on the head of Seru.

Thud!

The leg was coated with red energy. With unknown to everything that happened, Seru collides against the ground on his chest, spilling out blood from his mouth.

"Stars Fall Evening!"

Suddenly, Mike raised both of his hands up in the air. The entire crowd was shocked by his escape. Even Olive didn't know how he got away. The Genetic Ability- Teleport finally came to the right use. While Seru was figuring out what happened, giant clusters of meteorites fell from the sky.

"Freaking amazing! Participant Mike Tyson is summoning the meteorites from space. And, these meteorites are burning like a molten pieces of rock. Let's see if participant Seru has a powerful escape route. I don't see any skills to block those meteorites. Can Participant Seru escape this skill?" MC shouted with his excited voice cheering the entire crowd.

The crowd didn't panic since they have spent one million dollars on the ticket. They knew the arenas have an unbreakable force field that can guarantee their safety without blocking their vision and impact.

"Well! You look that. A beautiful rain of molten rocks. It seems we have a powerful enemy. Don't you think, Ares?" A man standing six feet tall spoke with a wide smirk on his face. He had a slender body with pointy ears and a pale complexion. He was wearing a blue jacket and jeans.

He was a Half-Elf.

Beside him, there was a muscular youth standing with a tall body and an uncaring expression on his face. He had two horns on his head and a tail. He was wearing a black t-shirt and jeans as well. But, there was an uncanny aura around him.

This aura felt a little domineering but mixed with immense pride. He was a Half-Dragon. He also glanced at Mike from his seat and then shifted his gaze. Ares was a Half-Dragon that has the pride and confidence of a true dragon.

But, he also has the personal strength backing it.

"Aarav, you need to be a little more serious about it." A girly voice rang as the Half-Elf named Aarav's gaze shifted back. There was a girl sitting on a chair. She was around six feet tall with red hair and red pupils. She didn't look much different than normal humans but she was a Half-Vampire.

Her bloody aura was hidden deep in her shadow.

"Come on, Ava! I was just feeling excited. But, there is still nothing to worry about few bugs, right?" Aarav's smile gets wider with a trace of amusement in his tone.

"Are you sure?" Ava turns her head at Mike and muttered. She was completely not bothered by his heinous smile. Rather, she was curious about Mike's strength.

Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!

"A human awakened a month ago reaches the thirteenth rank of soldier realm while practicing two A-Rank skills to perfection. He has absorbed two drops of dragon blood. And, he has genes related to space attributes. I guess, he isn't a bug, is he?" Suddenly, a figure walked towards them with heavy steps.

He was seven feet tall with long hair. Although he was wearing a suit, he had a ferocious aura covering him. His body was slender with average looks. He had long nails like the claws.

"Oh! Look like you gathered quite an information about that human, Arthur!" Ava shifted her glance at him and spoke with a surprised tone.

"But, his opponent isn't easy either. Seru, a human who has awakened Red Phoenix Innate Ability. Due to that, he can't hide his wings most of the time. He has consumed five drops of Golden-Winged- Roc. This battle is about Strength versus Speed." Arthur didn't bother replying to her instead fixate his eyes on the molten rocks that were falling on the ground.

At this moment, Seru who was covered in flames was dodging each rock with an incredible speed. He didn't get hurt by a single rock as he moved towards Mike. With his speed faster than Mach Two, he was able to vanish from others' eyes.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The molten rocks fell on the ground, shaking the entire arena.

Whoosh!

With Seru's speed, he only had to land a solid punch at Mike. He clenched his fist and muttered "I can't beat him with raw strength. But my speed has a high advantage. With this speed, I can easily land a punch with force equal to that of a rank two general."

"After all, Speed is Power."

At this moment, Mike's eyes were closed. Numerous thoughts were running in his mind as he was analyzing his situation. When he saw Seru dodging all of those rocks, he knew this was going to be hard.

'Mike, let's focus on strength. He has nothing more than the speed. Even though his flames are as powerful as mine, it isn't destructive. He is relying on his speed. I must gather my strength at my fist. Impact! It's not just about destroying something from outside rather it needs to be destroyed from inside and outside.'

'Currently, I have one move that can focus on both. I need to be clear about his position. One-second delay will be disastrous especially with his speed. Covering my strength with Slaughter Spirit and Fighting Spirit, I can make a powerful impact. I just need timing. Here he comes!'

The moment he realized the position of Seru, he turned to his right. While turning right, he slams his fist on Seru. At the same time, Seru slams his fist on Mike's stomach. The fist coated with Slaughter Spirit and Fighting Spirit breaks his flames into nothingness.

"Fire Demon Fighting Four Directions- Western Hidden Punch"

Bang! Bang!

The impact spread throughout his skin as the brute force break the bones on his cheeks with his jaws. The flames enter his body and spread throughout his meridian. In an instant, intense burning pain struck Seru as he slowly losses his consciousness and fell.

But, the flames inside him were removed by his own phoenix flames. Mike got his ribs broken. Even though he was using the defense granted by his Unique Ability and Golden Slime, his ribs were still broken.

Gah!

As Mike coughed out blood from his mouth, he also blinks his eyes with tiredness. But suddenly, opens it wide as he sees the overwhelming flames burning out of Seru. Only at this moment, he saw Olive punching Zen deep on the ground.

As well, the flower over Seru's head. He realized that Zen must have healed Seru. But doing so, he damages his own body. Olive's punches weren't sucker punches. She was using her full strength in each punch creating a devastating blow.

"Hyper Speed Spear"

Splash!

Suddenly, a sharp invisible spear pierced Seru's stomach. The blood gushed out as he slowly closes his eyes and fell to the ground. Nobody understood how he got hurt. Nobody understood how he got defeated after getting healed.

But, Mike knew this all along. Although Zen healed Seru, he couldn't bring that same strength back. His stamina was consumed. The flames might be burning overwhelmingly but they were also weakening at great speed.

Although Hyper Speed Spear doesn't have a strong attack power, it can pierce anything as long as nothing blocks it. If his stamina wasn't consumed, he might be able to burn the spear even before it could pierce him. Since Mike can't attach Slaughter Spirit or Fighting Spirit in it.

But, with such a less amount of ability energy, his flames couldn't properly sustain themselves. Or at least, he thought so. Suddenly, the moment Seru reached few inches above the ground, red flames soar towards the sky.

At this moment, Seru's flames turned crimson and felt much more powerful. He slowly gets up with the domineering aura and the flames spread all around him.

'Phoenix Rising from the Ashes'

In an instant, his physical strength, stamina, and ability energy were at their peak. Although everyone was shocked, the most shocked person was none other than Seru as he questioned himself.

'What the fuck is the going on?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Seru was very much confused. But soon, he realized the source of this power. When Mike's flames enter his body, instead of destroying that flame, his flames swallowed it. It did remove it but by swallowing it.

His Phoenix Flame might not be destructive as most flames. But it is still the flame of a divine bird. If anyone low-level flames enter its territory, it will get devoured. The Phoenix Flame turned those flames into stamina and ability energy to refill him.

'So, he really put all of his strength and most of the ability energy in that attack. Otherwise, it would be impossible to gain so much energy. I didn't know that my flames could devour other flames. Probably because I didn't let other flames enter my body.'

'After all, who in the right mind will let enemy's flames enter his own body? But, it clearly can't swallow flames outside of my body. No matter what, I did get a chance. This time I won't make a mistake. Three minutes, I have three minutes.'

'His ability energy and stamina has been consumed a lot by using that teleportation and that weird spear strike. I still have the upper hand. Within two minutes and thirty seconds, I must attack him from a different place to knock him out in the last thirty seconds.'

'Alright, let's move!' After taking a deep breath and calculating everything inside his mind, he flapped his burning red wings and soars towards the sky. It was like a spaceship moving at the speed of Mach 3.

This time, he increased his speed by sacrificing his proper attack route. This means he can only maintain the speed and hit him with the flames around him. He cannot infuse the flames into his fist or feathers to attack strategically.

Mike who was on the brink of losing consciousness due to the heavy use of space element also felt the hotness increasing near him.

Bang!

Seru's body strikes him from the right side without giving him a chance to dodge. He couldn't feel the aura though he can feel the hotness of the Phoenix Flames.

Bang!

He tried to keep his mind calm but still couldn't succeed on dodge it The flames were striking him from different angles with Mach 3 speed.

'I need to find a way to defeat him. I can't go on like this. My ability energy isn't inexhaustible. But, what can I do? What can help me in these circumstances?'

He was using Whirlwind Boots. He had activated the Golden Buddha Kong Body. He was also using his spirits. But he couldn't find a way to defeat him. Suddenly, a scene rang in his mind.

It was a few days ago when he was fighting against hundreds of zombies. While he was pushed to his limit, he barely survived on his own. At that moment, he looked at his master and asked "Master, what can I do to come out of these situations? I think I will face a situation where my winning chances will decrease especially when the opponent pulls out some tricks."

"Boy, let me teach you something about Spirits first." Mad Beast Emperor sighed and spoke.

"Huh! Why aren't you answering my question first? What does this get to do with Spirits?" Mike interrupted his speech and asked him with confusion.

"Can you let me finish?" Mad Beast Emperor glares at his disciple and feels frustrated with such a mindset. Mike understands everything but still acts like an idiot. Or, that is something he thought. After all, he doesn't know Mike properly at that time.

Mike shuts his mouth after receiving that glare and listens to his master's speech.

"Spirit is the manifestation of Will. Will is desire. When you desire something, you do everything you can to complete it. While awakening Will can help you mentally, it can't support you physically. You need Spirit for that."

"The stronger your desires are, the stronger your Will can be. But, a strong Will doesn't make the Spirit strong. As I said, you can use Will mentally, but you can't use it physically. Only spirit can help you to do something physical."

"But, will you use spirit to finish your homework. Will you use Spirit to finish your workout? No, you won't use it unless it's in the battle. In other words, battles are the only space where you can use Spirit and it is also the only place where you can improve it."

"Remember this carefully, Spirits blooms in the midst of a battle. The more you desire to win, the better your spirit will get. But just desire isn't enough for improving your spirit. You need something that can trigger your mentally, something that can really push you to your limit."

As those scenes disappear from his mind, a smirk appears on his lips. He clenched his fist and murmurs "Spirit blooms in the midst of a battle. Something that can push me to my limit. Do I even have to ask? Claire, play Worst-Case Scenario Video in my mind?"

In the crowd, many peoples were looking at the flash of flame hitting Mike from different places. But they didn't see Mike coming down any time soon.

Boom!

Inside the room for Mad Beast Emperor and others, a chair explodes with immense energy. The excitement and surprise fall in his eyes. The Mad Beast Emperor stands with the immense energy shrouding his body as he muttered "He is doing it."

Suddenly that voice changes into words of excitement and laughter "Hahaha! My disciple doing it. He is going for it."

"Master, what's happening? Why is Mad Beast Emperor laughing when Mike is beaten so miserably?" Tori looks at Fire Emperor's face and asked with confusion in her eyes.

At this moment, Fire Emperor had a solemn look on his face just like Emperor Lewis. He knows what was going on. Spirit blooms in the midst of the battle. It was proven by few warriors but still, not many people can achieve it.

"Oh! That's interesting. It seems like wolfy is right. He might end up being a worthy opponent." Aarav looks at Mike floating in the sky covered with white energy that was slowly transforming into yellow. He glanced back at Alfred and mutters.

At the same time,

"I don't what he is trying to do. I just hope he can defeat that guy." Olive looked at Mike and shifted her gaze at Zen who was coughing blood out of his mouth and muttered. The healing flower on his head was healing him quickly making it harder for her to defeat him.

"Alright, I have played enough with you. This time let's settle this." Olive suddenly shrouds her body with immense red energy. Suddenly, her veins pop out and her eyes turn red. The moment a red domain surrounds them, her breath rise.

"Cough! It seems like I picked a pretty bad enemy. Well, I have to blame myself for having just an A-Rank Innate Ability to fight against an S-Rank. But still, I can't give up so easily." Zen spits blood out of his mouth and rapidly releases the plants around him.

These plants rise up with an immense growing speed. Suddenly, dozens of branches combine and formed two pillars to each side. Both pillars of branches had sharp tips. In an instant, they rose to the sky even higher, detaching themselves from the ground.

"Twin Thorns of Emperor!"

Two pillars with sharp tips moved their target at Olive who was still growing stronger. The moment those pillars moved towards her. She took a step forward. Just a single step on the ground creates six inches deep hole, sending her directly in front of those pillars.

Her nails had changed into ten sharp blades. Her red eyes glanced at those pillars, and the chill surrounded the arena. Suddenly, the red moon appears above them covering the sun. The entire battlefield was shrouded with madness.

Ka-cha! Ka-cha! Ka-cha! Splash!

Her finger blades moved like the wind slashing those giant pillars into pieces until her blades splashed Zen. The blood marks covered his body as he fell on the pool of blood.

"Berserk Domain- Slaughter Dance under the Red Moon"

Thud!

The moment she knew it was done, everything reverted back to normal. Those pillars slowly changed into dust along with the domain and the red moon. Olive looks at the sky where Mike was standing with the yellow energy surrounding his body, blooming twice as big as the white energy.

'Spirit blooms in the midst of the battle, huh! Something that can push me to my limits. I never thought I would end up using it. Nevertheless, I achieved what I exactly need.'

Whoosh!

Suddenly, the flame moved towards him but this time, he easily dodged it. Mike looks at the transformed phoenix flames and asks 'Claire, how much time is remaining?'

"Host, One Minute Remained for the battle to end!" Claire's voice rang on his mind

'Alright, give me the thirty seconds to get ready.' After saying that, he starts patting up the dust from his body leaving the entire crowd and Olive in dumbfounded expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days ago,

Mike was standing in front of the mirror while washing his face. After he cleans his face, he looks at the mirror giving a charming smile, and brags "How can the owner of this handsome have such a ridiculous weakness?"

"Ahh! This is so frustrating. Why the hell do I've such a weak emotion? Damn! I want to smash my head on the walls. But, that will only hurt me, so I won't. But what should I do? What can I do? Change? As if it would be easy."

"The previous God of Sex also said it takes some time to forget someone you love. Then, I definitely can't change my emotions in a single day. Although I will definitely get mentally stronger as I have already taken the steps to make my mind stronger from the master, it still takes time."

"Until then, what can I do?" Mike lifts his head and sticks his tongue out while stars slapping himself.

Waaawaawawaaa!

The weird sound comes out of his mouth irritating Lucas who was waiting outside. Hearing this sound, Lucas sighs and finally walks away. Inside the washroom, Mike kept slapping himself for ideas.

Wa!

"Wait a freaking minute! I am thinking with the wrong mindset. I should think like a protagonist. What would a true protagonist do if he was in my place? He will fall in the path of darkness. Might be? He will lock himself and try to find a solution alone. I don't think sooooo?"

"He will definitely find someone to help him. This might be the case? So, if I am the true protagonist, who can I ask for the help?"

"Jenny? Ahhh, I can't think of someone else. Why does she keep appearing in my heart all the time? It feels like my heart is ruled by her. Hmm! technically, she is the one whom I love most. So, it would come with no surprise. But how can she help me? Should I ask her?"

Just when he was about to turn back, he shook his head and continued "Nah! I will try to find a solution relating to her. So, how can I relate her to my situation?"

...….

'You need something that can trigger you mentally, something that can really push you to your limit.' Suddenly, these words rang in his mind like the bell in a temple. They kept ringing until he realized something.

"I am the protagonist. Even if I'm not, I treat myself like one. So, who cares? As a protagonist, I should do something that most people can't, something that truly makes a character 'protagonist'. It's not about turning the enemy into friends. It's not about making enemies your lover. It's about turning your weakness into strength."

"That's the common between most protagonists. And, that sets them apart from other characters. Since I think I am a protagonist of a shitty novel. I need to do it what other protagonists can do. I will turn my weakness into strength. Master, I found it. I find the trigger that can push myself to the limit."

'Claire, can you make a real video without an actor acting in it?' Mike asks her with his thoughts.

"Host, are you sure you can bear it? If you can't, then you might get consumed by it." Claire's tone was filled with anxiety as she speaks in his mind.

'Yes, didn't I just say? I want to turn my weakness into my strength. I might not be able to erase this weakness within a short time. But, I will do what I can. If horror and tragedy is something that I need to bear for turning this weakness into strength, I am willing to try it.'

Saying so, he chuckled and continued 'And, isn't it just a kind of a prediction of a worst-case scenario?'

"But, can you truly bear it? Do you know how much scared you got when you saw First Mistress in that condition? These are the worst-case scenario. It will be worst, so can you really bear it?" Claire kept convincing him to give him.

Mike clenched his fist hard and shouted in his thought 'So what? So, what if I can't bear it? Do you think I can bear it? No, no way in hell! I can't bear something that hurts Jenny. But, I need to. I can't shrink back every time and find the alternatives for it.'

His eyes were filled with tears as he continued 'This time I will face it. No matter how heartbreaking it might be. No matter how many times I will cry. I will bear it in my heart. I promise I will not show my tears to anyone. If I ever shed tears in front of others, it will be the blood.'

Promising himself, he swallowed those tears back to his eyes and continued 'I will change my weakness into my strength. White, Yellow, Red, Blue, Purple, Silver, and Golden. Seven realms, right? Each time I watch that video, I will increase my realm until I reach the top.'

'And when that happens, it will no longer be the weakness that I will have.'

At the current moment,

Mike cleaned his entire body while dodging the attacks from Seru. His reflexes went crazy high due to the evolution of Fighting Spirit. Fighting Spirit makes a true fighter. A true fighter doesn't go berserk to fight. He looks for the opportunity to strike and play by the rules of weak and strong.

The yellow energy shook around his body and infused in his leg. Two layers of yellow energy, both of them were violent and domineering. When he uses both of them, the outcome never was Fighting Spirit plus Slaughter Spirit.

It was the multiplication of Fighting Spirit Slaughter Spirit. The scarlet essence infused with his leg as well. In an instant, his leg started glowing with yellow-crimson energy. The entire foot was burning in flames. His Fighting Spirit was allowing him to see each movement from Seru.

Whoosh! Bang! Ka-cha!

Suddenly, he turns around and lifts his foot. His leg strikes on the flames. Slaughter Spirit and Fighting Spirit pierces those flames and his leg smashed on Seru's neck. The bones on his neck crack, followed by another kick on his stomach. This time it was the left leg.

Ka-cha!

With a single stroke, his ribs were broken. His Slaughter Spirit and Fighting Spirit were extinguishing his flames with each strike. Without those flames, he was almost like a mouse in a mousetrap.

Ka-cha! Thud!

Finally, his right leg rose up. Two layers of Slaughter Spirit and Fighting Spirit coiled like the snakes. His foot slides down and smashes on Seru's head. His head bones didn't crack but he indeed up losing consciousness. Without using those flames, he couldn't float in the air.

His body fell from the sky and landed on the ground. This time he broke most of his bones. Fortunately, he had passed out otherwise he would have passed out now with the intense pain striking his body.

Thud!

Mike wasn't in the best condition either. Although his Slaughter Spirit and Fighting Spirit evolved, his body is still not strong enough to bear it. He must have a strong body and soul. More importantly, strong killing intent was burning out of his heart.

"Ladies and Gentlemen! We have the winner of our second round. Mike Tyson and Olive Xavier have won this battle. Let's give them a round of applause for such an amazing battle." MC standing on the top stage shouted with excitement that made the crowd roar with claps.

Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!

"Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!"

"Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!" "Olive!"

"Even though Zen and Seru couldn't win this battle, they still gave us an amazing battle. So, please them a round of applause as well." As MC shouted, the medical team had already arrived. They picked Zen's and Seru's bodies and took them away.

Olive stood up and walked towards Mike who was barely able to move. But, feeling an intense killing intent radiating from his body, she stopped. For a moment, she couldn't decide whether to help him or not. After all, the killing intent was too scary for her.

But slowly his killing intent got suppressed with the blood flowing out of his hand. The Healing Lotus started healing his wounds.

Thud!

He tried to stand up but ended up falling to the ground on his back. There was nothing in his face. No anger, not a single drop of tear, no joy, no feelings, everything had faded away from his face. Only one thing remained though.

It was loneliness. He missed Jenny. He missed her food. Even though only a few hours have passed, he already started missing her. Maybe it was because of that video or simply because of that anger or simply because he was scared.

'Yeah, maybe I am scared. Damn! So many of those powerful lines just to be afraid. I'm so damn pathetic. But, I can't cry.' His nose was turning sore but he stopped himself from crying.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Haha boy! You finally decided to turn your weakness into strength. I feel very proud of you." Mad Beast Emperor patted Mike's shoulder as both of them entered their room. Daniel was still outside doing some of his works.

"Hush!" Although Mike also felt proud of his master's praise, he was still thinking about Jenny. Even though he succeeds in controlling his tears, he couldn't bury down his sadness.

"Don't fall in the abyss of darkness! If you ever fall down, nobody can pull you out. Although it's hard to accept it, you must make your heart solid. This is the second step. You might feel sad, crumbled, anger, but if you make your heart solid, then nothing can bother you."

"Use those attitudes growth in the first step make your heart solid. It will take time. Don't be anxious and just keep your heart steady and soon, everything will be changed." Mad Beast Emperor chuckled as he tried to cheer him.

At the same time, he took out a few potions bottle filled with red blood and stuffed them in Mike's hands, saying "Since you have faced a genius-level character just now then you should know the difference. Not to dishearten you or anything, but even Seru is only low-level geniuses between other geniuses."

"Olive in the same position though you might be now a Middle-Level Genius. As much as I want you to win, I don't want to hasten your growth. So, I didn't support you financially. Now that you have proven that you can turn your weakness into strength, I feel like it's time to make you a High-Level Genius."

"Before that, let me tell you something about the level of geniuses. Currently, we have differentiated geniuses based on their fighting power. As a human, we have a lot of options. And such, we can choose from a whole bunch power systems."

"First and foremost, we have our own Cultivation System. Here, you awaken an innate ability that determines your level of talent. Having S-Rank Innate Ability puts you in the position of a Low-Level Geniuses. This includes your mastery of skills and your fighting styles."

"This allows making a gap between geniuses even in the Low-Level Genius rank. There can be people at the bottom and some people at the top."

"Second, we have Gene Modification Fluid which is another power system. It also has the same ranking as Innate Ability. That means having an S-Rank Gene will put you at the Middle-Level Geniuses. But you clearly do not possess S-Rank Gene."

"Now, here comes a twist. While you might not have S-Rank Gene, you possess Yellow-Level Spirit which is a trademark for High-Level Genius. Yes, in short Blessings and Spirit can rank us in the High-Level-Genius Rank."

"But to reach that rank, you also need trademarks of previous ranks. You need S-Rank Innate Ability and S-Rank Genetic Modification. As much as I hate the fact that you do not possess S-Rank Genetic Ability, you still fill that gap with a unique strength of yours. It feels like inhuman strength from human logic."

"After all, you possess the strength of two thirteenth rank soldiers. And, you also have taken two drops of dragon blood. But, it is still hard to rank you up in the High-Level Genius because you do not possess that strength."

"Since I don't want you to receive the blessing from other gods, these resources are the gifts from me. Use it to strengthen yourself. It will probably take two days to finish the first stage, so take your take."

"By the way, since I am already telling you about the power system. Let me make something clear for you. There is another power system known as Bloodline Power System. It is common among other races but it's also the limit for them."

"Bloodline gives you a powerful boost in strength and growth with few ancestral abilities. It has the same ranking as others. Even those genes, blessings, spirits, and bloodlines are power systems, our main power system is Cultivation System."

"No matter what the primitive human tried to achieve, we still differentiate each other based on Cultivation System. Other Power Systems are just a reasonable boost for growth and strength. Now, take a rest for few hours and start cultivating."

Creek!

Saying so, he ended up leaving the room. As he came out, Daniel was standing next to the door.

"So, you couldn't stop yourself," Daniel spoke with a calm tone.

"Hahaha Daniel, you should have noticed the anger in his heart. I have seen that anger. It was the same level of anger he showed previously but this time, he didn't shed tears of blood. He kept the anger in his heart until he got alone."

"Crying alone might be depressing but it is also the only way to relieve the stress faster. Upcoming battles will be much worse, he needs to get stronger." Mad Beast Emperor with a burst of laughter and a sharp look in his eyes.

"But, you forgot to tell him about the Superior-Level Geniuses." Daniel sighed as he shook his head with helplessness.

"Nope, he shouldn't know about that right now. There are less than eight people in the tournament. If his luck is really rotten, he might face them. But if it is not, then it will be a blessing for him. Those monsters will slaughter him if he can't get stronger." Mad Beast Emperor spoke with a grim expression on his face and walked away.

Daniel turned his head at the door and followed his master while mumbling "Innate Ability, Bloodline, Genes, Blessing or Spirit, I hope his luck won't be so terrible."

Inside the room, Mike leaned on the walls for two hours with a blank expression. The potions were already at his system space. After two hours, he dials room service and orders food. At the same time, he walked towards the washroom and washes his face.

Slap!*2

After splashing water in his face, he slaps both of his cheeks at the same time and smiles, consoling himself 'Alright Mike, you have already wasted two hours. You can't waste any more time. Let's start the cultivation.'

But before that, he went to the table and sat down.

One minute... Two minutes .... Ten minutes.....

He waited for the food with patience. But when the doorbell rang, it was done by another person, not a member of the hotel. Olive was standing in front of the door. He got no choice but to welcome her. But suddenly, a silence spreads in his room.

"Umm….. Are you angry with me?" Olive made an embarrassed expression and asked. She waited for two minutes but chatterbox Mike didn't speak a single word. And, seeing his anger at the end of the battle, she felt a little conflicted.

She felt as if Mike was angry with her. She mustered up her courage and asked. But before Mike could reply, a growl rang from his stomach. Mike clutches his stomach with an embarrassed expression but still stayed silent. He felt like he would pass out any moment if he spoke a single word.

Food! He misses her food. And more importantly, he was extremely hungry. They reached Imperial State at three in the afternoon. After two hours of break, he only had two cups of coffee. Then, he had to fight until his stamina is completely exhausted.

It is already eight in the evening. And now, he was feeling hungrier than ever.

"You are hungry?" Olive swallowed her laughter and asked with amusement.

Mike nods his head in reply.

"Did you order the food?" Olive asked trying to make a conversation.

Mike nods his head in reply.

Finally, Olive stayed silent. She doesn't understand why Mike was not even trying to speak. But she sighed a breath of relief when she found he wasn't angry with her. Suddenly, her face started blushing as she thought 'Why am I getting so interested in him?'

'Did he win my heart in just a few hours? That's impossible, right? Then, why do I get this kind of feeling towards him?'

Her heart started fluttering over each thought. But suddenly, her thoughts were shattered with a doorbell.

"Room Service!"

A man standing with a trolley with food shouted from outside. Mike hurriedly walked in as the man brought the food inside. After delivering the food, the man walked out with a strange smile on his face.

Neither Mike nor Olive noticed his smile as he walked out. There were various types of food. He started serving food on a plate for himself and then looked at Olive asking if she needs one.

Olive declined by shaking her head with a red face. After that, Mike puts the plate on a table and starts devouring the food at a rapid speed.

"Slow down! Food won't go anywhere. You might choke if you keep eating so fast." Seeing his eating speed, Olive tried to calm him down but after a minute, Mike suddenly felt a burst of pain in his head.

"Blegh!"

Spitting food on the table made Olive disgusted only until Mike's hoarse voice rings in her ears.

"P---oison! Food is poisoned!"

Thud!

With these words, Mike fell to the ground.

"Mike!" When she heard him, she couldn't process those words. Only when she saw him falling to the ground unconscious, she rushed to support him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mike! Mike, wake up!" Olive shouted in his ears with anxiety on her face and tears in her eyes. She tried to calm down and think of a solution. But nothing came to her mind.

"Poison! Why did the hotel serve poison food to him? No, I must call Emperor." She took her phone from her dimensional ring. Although she was wearing jeans, she still kept the phone and everything in her dimensional ring.

When she searched her contact list, she noticed she doesn't have his number. She panicked even more. She looked for his phone. After she found it in his pocket, she used his fingerprint and unlocked the phone.

She went to the contact list and searched for Mad Beast Emperor. But she couldn't find his number.

"Master, he must have saved emperor by that name." Her hands were shaking when she typed master and search for the contact. This time, she found his number. She dialed his number but only to get.

"Sorry, the number you dialed is currently busy!"

"Sorry, the number you dialed is currently busy!"

"Sorry, the number you dialed is currently busy!"

She panicked even more. Then, she browsed his call history. There she found some names but couldn't bother to call them. She tried to find Daniel's number. But she didn't even know his name. Finally, she threw his phone on the ground and rushed out.

Her breathing was hard as she searches through different floors. The more time she spent searching for Mad Beast Emperor and Daniel, the less time Mike had. Surprisingly, she didn't even call her own father.

"Emperor!" After running down few floors, she saw Mad Beast Emperor hanging around his father and others. But, he was calling someone on phone.

Her voice was so loud that many guests looked at her with curiosity. She was wearing nice clothes but covered in sweat. She rushed in front of Mad Beast Emperor and cried "Mike, he, he is poisoned."

Whoosh!

In an instant, Mad Beast Emperor disappeared from that place. Fire Emperor and Emperor Lewis's expression drastically changed. One was worried about Mike while the other was worried about Mad Beast Emperor going berserk.

If that happens, then an entire army of Emperors would be required to stop him. Both of them disappeared while Daniel caught her hand and rushed away.

"What happened? How did young master got poisoned?" While rushing towards the room, Daniel asked with anxiety on his face. He was the mixture of both. While he was worried about Mike, he was also scared about Mad Beast Emperor going berserk.

"Food! Someone mixed the poison in the food! Mike was very hungry so he didn't even notice." Olive's eyes were red when she explained.

Inside the room,

Mad Beast Emperor held Mike on his arm and tried to sense the poison inside him. But after few seconds, he turned his head at Fire Emperor and said "Burn the poison! It is in his blood."

"Damn! What kind of poison is it?" Fire Emperor hurriedly held Mike in his hand and released his flames. The red flames were very hot but he had a complete control over them.

"Hey, where are you going?" Emperor Lewis's expression changed when he saw Mad Beast Emperor leaving. He caught his hand trying to stop him.

"I want to find who dares to poison my disciple." There was extreme anger and bloodthirst in his words. He never thought someone would use the hotel food to poison his disciple. He knows it's not the work of the hotel since the owner of the hotel doesn't have such guts.

Emperor Lewis couldn't stop him neither he tried to stop him since he understood Mad Beast Emperor didn't go berserk.

Bang!

Daniel and Olive smashed the door as they rushed in. Mad Beast Emperor disappeared in front of their eyes, while Mike was on Fire Emperor's hands. Seeing this, both of them stayed silent.

"Olive, come outside for a moment!" Emperor Lewis saw those red eyes filled with tears and called his daughter out. He naturally understood what was going on.

Olive hesitated for a moment but finally walked out of the room. When she came out, Emperor Lewis stood in front of her. He opened his mouth and asked, "Why didn't you call me when Mike got poisoned?"

Olive didn't reply. She chose to stay silent. She exactly knows why she didn't call him. But she couldn't say it out loud. Emperor Lewis sighed and spoke with some disappointment in his eyes "I know you are my daughter. As much I don't care about the gender of the heir. But, you are half. You are not complete without your sister."

"Being the heir of the family has strict rules that you need to follow. If you were a single child instead of a twin, I wouldn't let you love anyone. Your marriage would be decided by the family. But since you are twin, you can't be the heir of the family."

"So, you are free to love anyone you want. In return, you must enter the top ten. Failure is not allowed." His hoarse tone was like a nightmare. Emperor Lewis shook his hand and took out a syringe and passed it to her.

"Return back to your room and use it. No matter the cost, you must succeed in reaching the top ten." Along with his words, he looked at her face. Olive didn't even look at him and turned around. She wasn't feeling happy because she received Genetic Modification Fluid.

Instead, she was angry. She was angry at her father. But deep inside, she also blamed herself. Born in a family with ruthless tradition, she was like a curse. Being a twin, you losses something important to you. She lost her talent.

Or, her twin sister lost her talent. No matter what, both of them suffered.

"I thought you were saving that for your heir." Fire Emperor walked out of the room with a depressed expression on his face.

"Don't tell me you failed?" Emperor Lewis panicked for a moment. If he fails, Mike will die. Once Mike dies, Mad Beast Emperor will go berserk. Even though it only has been three weeks, he was still a master.

"I couldn't burn that poison. It was very strong. It seems to be created from pure blood essence of a poisoned beast." Fire Emperor sighed and explained.

"Damn!" When he heard that, Emperor Lewis instantly took out his phone and opened the contact list.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Fire Emperor got confused for a moment and then understood when he saw the number Emperor Lewis was dialing. He sighed and continued "Idiot, do you think I would let him die? Even if I couldn't do anything, I would've tried to suppress it. I was only sighing because I didn't need to do anything."

"Huh?" Emperor Lewis looked at him with confusion on his face.

At this moment, the man who delivered the food was running away from the hotel. He was wearing jeans and had an evil grin on his face. Suddenly, Mad Beast Emperor appeared in front of him.

"You!" Before he could speak anything, Mad Beast Emperor puts his hand on that man's head and closed his eyes. Immense purple energy was suppressing the man. He couldn't even move a single inch.

Splash!

The moment Mad Beast Emperor opened his eyes. The body of the man exploded into several pieces with his eyes wide open. He neither got a chance to speak or run away. He was ready to die but this was still overwhelming for him.

At this moment, he understood that they have betrayed him. Originally, they were supposed to help him teleport the moment he poisons Mike. Unfortunately, he couldn't find them even after running so far.

"DARK RAVEN!" After killing that man, Mad Beast Emperor looked at the sky and roared. His slaughter spirit fully burst out of him turning the surrounding into hell. The entire crowd and participants in the arenas felt the same thing.

The Mad Beast Emperor disappeared after roaring. After few minutes, he appeared in front of the huge building in the middle of Europe. He traveled from Asia to Europe in few minutes. This was the speed of a Half-Saint.

Except for the building and some nearby buildings, the entire state was completely secluded. There were not many houses and the surrounding was no different than a hell. The massive chunks of rocks were scattered around with the burnt ground.

Mad Beast Emperor appeared in front of the building. He didn't shout. The Slaughter Spirit followed him covering the entire building into the bloody world. Although his energy was purple, the color of the blood was still red.

"Who?" Many people inside the building panicked. This slaughter spirit was making them harder to breathe. But before anyone could react, Mad Beast Emperor threw a punch. His punch knocked the air. In an instant, a massive hurricane appeared.

The thunder clouds began to rumble. The ground started shaking. In an instant, his punch creates a massive impact that shattered the ground and moved towards the building. The sky split wide open and the impact collides with the building.

Bang! Bang! Crack! Crack! Crack!

Boom!

In an instant, the entire building crumbled to dust. Dozens of people died while others successfully ran away.

"Tiger!!!!!!"

From the dust, a voice filled with an endless rage rang between the sky and the ground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Tiger, give me an explanation for this! Do you want to break the contract?" A middle-aged man appeared in the sky floating in front of Mad Beast Emperor. He had a six feet height and slender body. His pupils and hair were red. He was wearing a red jacket over a red t-shirt and jeans.

His aura was no less than Mad Beast Emperor. That means he was the Half-Saint of Dark Raven.

"Raven, I don't give the damn about my contract. But I keep my words only if you keep your words. You know how much I dislike and despise underhanded tricks. Now, you must give me an explanation. Why did you use an underhanded trick against my disciple? WHY?" Mad Beast Emperor Slaughter Spirit was going wild at the moment.

The Half-Saint of Dark Raven instantly understood the situation and spoke with a hoarse tone "Tiger, you might be a berserk psychopath but you still understand the human words, right? I represent Dark Raven and no one else has such right."

"So, let me understand the situation, first. If this was really my fault, then I WILL GIVE YOU A PROPER EXPLANATION." Saying so, he turned around and looked at the emperors. Since a person poisoned the emperor's disciple, then only the other emperor can give such orders.

At this moment, a man with a single hand and a mask floated towards the Sage. He was also an emperor. But he had lost one of his arms.

"Don't tell me you did this?" Sage asked in disbelieve. He knows the person in front of him. And, he knows this person hates poison the most. So, why would he poison someone else?'

The man in the mask looked at Mad Beast Emperor and turned his head at the sage. He released his words through his thought and directly spoke in Sage's mind.

'Sage, you should be aware of my situation, right. As one of the emperors of Dark Raven, I will never do something that goes against the rules of Dark Raven. But this situation led me. The hatred buried in my heart needed to be released.'

'Seventeen years ago, Michel Darin found me. Seventeen years ago, I lost my arm and suffered the pain of Soul Tortoring Poison. I couldn't fight back. I was weak. But the hatred inside of me only grew. He left but he left a great pain in me and humiliated me through his words.'

'I can never forget his words 'You are weak, very weak. I disdain using my strength to kill you. But I won't leave you off the hook for slaughtering my family. The arm that you used to slaughter my family is gone. I know Soul Torturing Poison is very painful. I also suffered it. I was able to overcome it on my own. But I know you can't do it on your own.'

'In short, you are a weak, talentless, piece of shit that only uses his power for pleasure. So, I will send my son. He will help you release from this pain.' I know what he meant by releasing me from this pain.'

'So, I wanted to transfer this same pain to his son with ten times interest. Not only do I want him to suffer endlessly but also destroy his bloodline. I know I have done something wrong. That's why I want to take this responsibility by myself.'

After sharing his thoughts, he floated in front of Mad Beast Emperor thinking 'Why didn't that waste retrieve that poison boy? If only he had done his job in time, Mad Beast Emperor wouldn't have learned about us. Damn! I haven't even crossed the tribulation yet.'

Although he was conflicted inside his heart, he was still standing in front of Mad Beast Emperor without any fear on his face.

Mad Beast Emperor looked at him for a moment and didn't attack instead asked "So, you are the piece of shit that tried to poison my disciple?"

When the one-armed man heard the way Mad Beast Emperor spoke to him, anger and fear rose from his eyes at the same time. He was angry because that's the exact way Mike's father talked to him. He feared because he didn't think Mad Beast Emperor would be able to read their conversation.

"Let me ask you something, did my disciple poisoned your disciple or children?" Mad Beast Emperor continued asking which surprised him. He thought Mad Beast Emperor heard his conversation.

"Did my disciple poisoned you?" But when he asked the next question, he instantly understood. Mad Beast Emperor was just trying to make a reason. After all, there was a sage behind him.

Mad Beast Emperor didn't stop and continued angering him "If he didn't both of that, why are you poisoning him, you piece of shit? I despise people like you. Well, you are a piece of shit. So, there is no way I wouldn't despise you. But, even if you had asked that Blood child of your organization, I wouldn't be mad."

"They have only one year difference in them. But, you piece of shit just had to poison my disciple. Since you made a mistake, LET ME CLEAN IT FOR YOU." His tone got louder and deeper until he finally clenched his fist.

The one-armed man instantly understood his intention and released his energy. The moment he released his energy, the sage behind him floated in front of him and asked "You reached the Half-Saint Realm?"

His tone was filled with surprised and intrigue. He didn't expect that one of the emperors would reach Half-Saint Realm. The one-armed man nods his head and said: "But I haven't crossed the tribulation."

"Oh! So, this is your confidence huh! Then, let me break that confidence of yours." Suddenly, the Purple Spirit soared out of him, reaching heights of hundred meters. The energy was refined and stable but the aura was creepy.

"I apologize for his behavior. I didn't expect my people would do something so shameful. Unfortunately, I can't allow you to kill him, tiger. He has a chance to reach Half-Saint. How can I allow such talent to perish right now?" The Sage stood in front of him and spoke with a domineering tone.

"You can't stop me from killing him. And, you know that, right?" Mad Beast Emperor chuckled while releasing his Purple Spirit even wider. But suddenly, a voice rang in his mind 'Tiger, I hope you haven't forgotten the plan.'

'Damn it, David! I haven't forgotten it. But I need to kill that guy. I can bear seeing my disciple get slaughtered by millions of people of the same rank but I can't allow anyone to use the underhanded tricks. Poisoning someone when he is not at the battle is a pure underhanded trick. I can't let it go.' Mad Beast Emperor got a little frustrated upon hearing this voice. It belonged to none other than David Flora.

'Tiger, this plan is not something you can change in mere seconds. Dark Raven Organization needs to be in perfect condition. And, having another sage is even better. The life of over billions of people is at stake. We need to follow this plan thoroughly, understand?' David's voice became overbearing as he continued speaking in Mad Beast Emperor's head.

'Damn you, jerk! It's always plan, plan, plan. I left the family because of your damn plan. I needed to leave the earth because of your damn plan. Though, I also want to visit the universe. So, I am not mad. But, why are you so fixated on using these  people?'

'With your strength and your army, you can clear these damn rats within a week. Why are you making the entire earth suffer?' Mad Beast Emperor clenched his fist with anger and shouted back through his thoughts.

'Destruction is the path towards rebirth. Humanity needs to suffer. Earth needs to be destroyed. I will make this entire earth ready for the war. First World War, Second World War, these wars were just the prologue. I am investing my entire wealth in raising an army for the greatest war from the past, present, or future. Trillions will die, and our universe will rise from the ashes like a phoenix.'

'So, follow my damn plan and leave them alive. They are nothing but laborers. I planned this war for three hundred years. I will turn the universe upside-down. So, don't make any mess because of your stupidity.'

His voice was full of viciousness but Mad Beast Emperor could only sigh. He knows David was doing all this for humanity. But, his approach was something hard to digest. But for someone who has sworn his loyalty, Mad Beast Emperor can't go against his orders.

He clenched his fist before giving a deep look at the one-armed man. He released a deep breath as well as his fist and disappeared.

Somewhere inside the hotel,

"Why? Why did you betray me?" A man tied with iron chains wearing a black jacket was leaning on a boulder. His face was full of blood and tears. He looked at the girl in front of him and shouted.

The girl was none other than Alena. She smirked after hearing his words and leaned close to him. He lifts his chin and said "Because your dick could no longer satisfy me especially when that guy made me cum with his fingers alone. I can never forget that feeling."

"It was so good. Joss!" After laughing at his face, she snaps her finger and spoke. An old man walked from behind while holding three dead bodies. He threw them near the man.

Alena slowly lifts her leg and puts her feet at his head while continuing "Since I helped him by capturing you, he got no choice but to accept me as his girlfriend. As for you!" She slowly moves her feet down his face to his bottom and smashes his little brother.

Crack! Crack!

"You don't need it, do you?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Alert! Alert! Alert!"

"Host has been poisoned!"

"Removing Poison!" "Failed!"

"Awakening Celestial Bloodline!"

"Failed! Insufficient Strength!"

"Preserving Bloodline!" "Failed!"

"Trying Again!" "Failed!"

"Activating Pioneer Body!" "Suppressing Poison!" "Failed! Insufficient Energy!"

"Searching Energy Alternatives!" "Alternative Found! Sacrificing Points!"

"598562 System Points Sacrificed!" "Suppressing Poison!" "Failed! Insufficient Energy!"

"Host needs to make a decision. Either destroy the bloodline and remove the poison or use more energy to suppress it!"

"Host's status= Unconscious!"

"AI Claire overriding System Functions!"

"System Function Misbehave!"

"Lineage Function Activates!"

"AI Claire decides to use more energy to suppress it!"

At this moment, Claire who was hidden in his body murmured 'Hubby, I hope you can understand me. I think sacrificing those for your Celestial Bloodline is completely worth it.'

"Sacrificing Healing Lotus!" "Suppressing Poison!" "Failed! Insufficient Energy!"

"Sacrificing Divine Sun Body!" "Suppressing Poison!" "Succeed!"

"Poison has been successfully suppressed! Searching remedial measure for removing Poison!"

"Search No.1: Awaken Celestial Bloodline!"

"Search No.2: Use Pioneer Body! Create a Poison Manipulation Skill!"

"Search No.3: Attain Hundred Poison Immunity Body!"

"Host's condition has been stabilized!"

"Generating Forced Quest!"

"Force Quest- Reach Commander Realm

Quest Description- Commander Realm is the major realm for one great leap in strength. Upon reaching Commander Realm, the Host can awaken the Celestial Bloodline and completely remove the poison.

Time Limit- Three Months

Reward- Awakening Celestial Bloodline, Space Gene Evolution, S-Rank Innate Ability

Punishment- Crippling Celestial Bloodline, Sealing Pioneer Body"

While so many system panels appeared in front of him, Mike was still asleep. Although his poison was suppressed, he was still unconscious.

"Master, who poisoned young master? Did you kill them?" Daniel revealed a bit of killing intent while mentioning the kill word. Never in his wildest dream, had he thought would someone poison Mike through the foods.

"It was Dark Raven Organization. I wanted to kill that guy but there were two sages. So, I had to retreat." Mad Beast Emperor obviously couldn't reveal the true reason. So, he made a lie with true facts.

"Doesn't that mean balance will shift?" Daniel asked with shock on his face. His eyes and mouth were wide open.

"I don't think so. Even if they do, it doesn't matter much to us." Mad Beast Emperor shook his head and didn't bother explaining everything in detail. After saying so, he leaves the room after giving Mike another glance.

Daniel didn't go out. He needed to stay in the room and watch over Mike.

.....................

8 hours later,

Mike slowly opened his eyes and sits on the bed with a confused expression while looking at dozens of system panels in front of him.

After two minutes,

'So, I lost Divine Sun Body and Healing Lotus huh! Damn, it's going to be a mess. I can't lose at this moment. How can I lose something so important? But, I can't scold Claire either. This Celestial Bloodline seems to be much more powerful.'

'By the way, what's with this Lineage System Function?' Mike got curious and asked Claire to open it. But when he saw the panel, his expression changed.

'Claire, tell me this is wrong!' Mike's first reaction was something Claire expected.

"This is entirely true, Host. Sometimes, you just need to accept the truth." Claire spoke with a plain tone.

'Accept? Fucking accept this truth! If this was the truth, then why in the hell she didn't tell me this? Why keep such a secret from me and raise me with branches of lies? Just what the fuck is going on here?' At this moment, Mike was completely infuriated.

This anger was something even higher than he felt towards Jenny. At this moment, he was so angry that he wanted to cry. He doesn't know why this happening to him was. Why make a world full of lies?

"Universe is the creator of all living beings and non-living beings. But your creator is your parents. So, what does the universe means to you? Is it your creator or your ancestor? Ancestor might be a good answer for this."

"Pioneer means Creator. Creator means creator. Both are creators but Pioneer is the creator of creation. That means even creation was created by him. You possess the Pioneer Body. But you died in your previous life."

"System does have you to maintain harmony. But where to maintain it? What exactly is it that can hold the power of creation. Only the creator has such power. You reincarnated in this body for some reason. Yes, it is a pure truth that your mother lied to you but why?"

"Have you considered it? Look at this!" After yelling at Mike, she took out a panel.

"Name- Elizabeth Tyson

Bloodline- Creator Bloodline

Realm- Lord of Curses (Creator of Curses)

Status- Cursed (Created a curse that her bloodline wasn't permitted to create breaking the rules of Creator Family)

Relationship:

-          Michel Darin (Husband)

-          Mike Tyson (Son)

Description- A young enthusiastic girl that was once hailed as the strongest genius of all time. She created a powerful curse that her bloodline couldn't bear, bringing massive destruction to her family. Due to the incident, she was called the disgrace of her family for bringing such destruction to the family."

"Name- Michel Darin

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline

Realm- Lord of Heaven (Ruler of Heaven)

Status- Injured (Tried to break the limit of the Dimension in order to find the solution for his wife's curse. Can't return back to the universe. Injured Lord of Heaven means Injured Universe.)

Relationship:

-          Elizabeth Tyson (Wife)

-          Mike Tyson (Son)

Description- A young boy who managed to change his destiny upon meeting a cursed girl. He broke the seal cast on him, found the inheritances left by his ancestors, and soon walk in the path of a Celestial, chosen by Heaven."

"Sometimes, they don't do it because they want to. They do it because they got no choice. Once you awaken the Celestial Bloodline, you might learn a lot." Claire finished her speech after showing him their status panel and finally shuts up.

'Claire, show my status!' Mike took a deep breath and commanded.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (First Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force +200STR (S-Rank)

STR: 1817

AGI: 951

INT: 962

STM: 940

DEF: 1808

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Meteor Fist, Howling Tiger Spear Art, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Storm Steps, and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer) (Incomplete), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 0

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Weapon Card*1, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'So, this is it huh! Well, nothing I can do about it. Since there are so many questions, I will ask mom when I meet her or maybe hide it until I get the answer from the bloodline. Whatever! Since mom and dad are in problems, I can't turn the blind eye and curse them.'

'Wait a freaking minute! My mother is the creator of all curses, so can I also curse others. I should try to learn more about curses. But for the time being, I need to focus on different aspects.' Mike crossed his legs and took out the blood drops given by his master.

"Huh! You aren't going to cry, Host!" Claire's voice was full of disbelieve as it rang in his mind.

'Am I so pathetic in your eyes? Yes, I am angry. But, I won't cry. There is no need to discuss anymore. Although I am angry, I am glad that she is my true mother.' Mike smiled as replied to her through his thoughts.

He had two plans in his mind. First, he wants to absorb those drops of blood. Second, he wants to enter the Ascending to Godhood. This means he doesn't want to level up rather wants to complete a quest.

"Monthly Quest 2- Kill 1000 Creature of the same level or above (943/1000)

Reward- Lightning Innate Ability (B-Rank), 100 System Points, 100 Stats Points, Free Skill Card*1, and Unique Weapon Card*1"

If he completes this quest, then he can earn a lot especially the lightning innate ability. He opened the lid and slides the drop of blood into his mouth. He starts with dragon blood.

When it reaches his throat, fiery energy erupted out. For a moment, he wanted to scream in pain. But he held back. Since he had gone through several other painful situations, he held back. The energy released by the dragon's blood was not only powerful but also pure.

It entered his veins and travel every corner of his cells, slowly improving the condition. There were still five drops of Golden Tortoise Blood, five drops of Qilin Blood, and another two drops of dragon blood. He could only sit down doing nothing since each drop took one hour to completely strengthen his body.

After the third drop, he took two drops at the same time. Nothing changed except the limit of pain and improvement rate. Both drastically improved and changed his strength.

It took him seven hours in total to consume every drop. He didn't take more than two at a single time. After completely absorbing them, he ate the food prepared by Daniel and finally entered the Ascending to Godhood.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yesterday,

Inside the spaceship,

"Master, why do I need to absorb Golden Tortoise Blood? I mean even dragon blood improves the defense. So, even if I can't absorb true dragon blood. I should be able to absorb other creatures' blood that can increase my strength and defense as well." Mike turned his head at his master and asked with a confused expression on his face.

"Hush! You really don't know anything, do you?" Mad Beast Emperor looked at his disciple's face and asked sighed. He sometimes feels like scolding Mike's mother for not forcing Mike to study. After all, Mike really didn't know many things.

"Alright, listen carefully! I am only going to answer this once." Mad Beast Emperor Words got Mike's attention as he looked at his master attentively.

"Tell me when you fight somebody, you rely on your physical body to block his attack, right?" Mike nods his head at his question and Mad Beast Emperor continues "But when you do block those attacks, what do you feel?"

"Impact and pain sometime!" Mike answered after thinking for few seconds.

"Yes, so what do you do when you feel the impact on your body?" Mad Beast Emperor asked further.

"I bear the impact, of course!" Mike made a confused expression due to his easy questions. But, this time he didn't stop him and let him continue.

"The impact that you bear is the brute impact, right? What would you do when the impact is sharp like a sword? Can your body still bear the impact of a sword slash? Not, it will definitely cut your skin and muscles. If the power is stronger, then even the bones can be cut apart."

"So, for a brute force user, you need something different. You need something that can increase your defense not the impact bearing capacity. The best defense is an offense. Do you know why they say this? If you can reflect the impact or even sharp attack from your body, then can't you counter them without using offense?"

"Yeah, it is difficult. And, most people can't achieve it. That's why they absorb Golden Tortoise Blood. It has a special feature that can strengthen our skin to the level metals like iron, silver, and gold. Of course, this depends on the resources you use."

"Of course, there are some cultivation techniques focused on these factors. I have also developed a unique cultivation technique that focuses on someone who has Brute Force. I didn't teach you this previously because it takes months to complete it."

"And, currently you obviously don't have such luxury of time. For now, you don't have to think too much about it. Just remember when you can block the sword slash and bullets by your skin alone, you can call it a real defense." Mad Beast Emperor calmly explains the Golden Tortoise Blood features.

In the current condition,

Ting! Ting! Ting! Ting!

When dozens of axes strike on his body, not a single scratch appears on it. Even though the monsters in front of him were at the Peak Tier Low-Level Rank One monster, they couldn't even scratch his skin. Currently, Mike was inside a cave. It was a dungeon to kill humanoid boars.

They were actually boars that have adapted to humans' behavior except they couldn't change their thrust of killing.

"Meteor Fist!" Mike instantly activates Gravity Control sucking dozens of them near him and punched out. His punch was filled with Brute Force and coated with two spirits. The moment his fist strikes the air, a powerful wave of energy swept the humanoid boars.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

The gravity also pushed them back with an incredible speed. Breaking the walls, they fall on the ground with broken bones. He tried to burn them with flames but suddenly remembers he doesn't have flames.

Still though, when he succeeded in killing them, a notification and system panel appeared in front of him.

"Monthly Quest 2- Kill 1000 Creature of the same level or above (1003/1000)- Completed

Reward- Lightning Innate Ability (B-Rank), 100 System Points, 100 Stats Points, Free Skill Card*1, and Unique Weapon Card*1"

"100 Undistributed Stat Point"

"Would you like to open a Free Skill Card?"

"Would you like to open a Unique Weapon Card?"

"Innate Ability Awakening!"

With few more system panels, immense energy burst into his cores. From those cores, dozens of bolts of lightning burst out. The lightning bolts strike around him creating small holes on the ground.

"Roar!"

Suddenly, few humanoid boars rushed towards him from the inner part of the cave. The moment they roared, Mike lifted his finger and shot few bolts of lightning. With his ability energy and strength, few bolts of lightning traveled with the speed untraceable by naked eyes and pierced holes through those humanoid boars.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

"Indeed, lightning is one of the best elements. As long as I combine my lightning with brute force, I can evolve it. There is a high chance that I can raise it to the S-Rank. Fortunately, master stuck with the promise and transferred ten billion as he promised."

"Twenty billion or maybe even higher for a corpse with bones, muscles, and skin of a Half-Saint. Fifty billion for Innate Ability, fifty billion for blood essence, hundred billion for energies, and twenty billion for body parts."

"Total would be two hundred and twenty billion. Well, I can't blame master taking that hundred billion since he gave me a hundred billion worth of innate ability and blood essence. But before that, let's finish the task from the Guild Hall."

His task was to clear this dungeon but there seem to be no limits to the number of monsters. After killing those monsters for another two hours, he finally moved out with the letter of clearance.

"Claire, open the Free Skill Card," Mike asked while rushing towards the Guild Hall.

"Congratulation on receiving 'Sky Lightning Fist'"

"Skill- Sky Lightning Fist

Rank- C-Rank

Description- Summoning dozens of lightning bolts and coiling them into a single fist of lightning. Once fist breaks the bones, one fist summons the lightning."

"Oh, nice! Just what I exactly needed." Mike gladly accepted it and then continues "Open the Unique Weapon Card and Weapon Card!"

After few seconds, two system panels appear in front of him.

"Weapon- Black Dragon Saber (Sealed)

Rank- B-Rank

Stats: 100+ STR, 100+ STM

Description- A unique saber forged with the tendon of a black dragon. It consists of the soul of the black dragon that needs to be unlocked."

"Weapon- Wind Sword

Rank- D-Rank

Description- A sword that moves like the wind once wields. It heavily focuses on swift attacks."

"Hmm! There is something that I missed here. Claire, show me the Howling Tiger Spear stats!" Mike felt some confusion when he saw the stats section in B-Rank weapon and not in D-Rank weapon. So, he tried to make his guess correct or incorrect by checking another B-Rank weapon.

"Weapon- Howling Tiger Spear

Rank- B-Rank

Stats: 100+ STR

Description- A spear that holds the spirit of a tiger. It has the unique and ferocious fighting style of an ancient tiger."

"Nice! So, the B-Rank weapon possesses the stat function. But something is confusing me. Golden Slime also has stats. Maybe, it's because the golden slime is a living being...... For now, let's not focus on anything else. Since I got the Lightning Innate Ability, I need to complete the God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence Divine Ability." Mike murmured while moving faster.

"By the way, allocate hundred stat points to Stamina and show my status," Mike commanded as a strange energy burst throughout his body, relaxing it as if he was in the hot bath.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (First Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Brute Force +200STR (S-Rank), Lightning Element +25AGI (B-Rank)

STR: 3017

AGI: 2951

INT: 962

STM: 1040

DEF: 3008 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Meteor Fist, Howling Tiger Spear Art, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Storm Steps, Sky Lightning Fist, and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Control (Meteor Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer) (Incomplete), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 0

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'Alright, now let's submit the letter of clearance to the guild and return back.' Although he thought about it, it still took him half an hour to reach the guild.

Since he had finished the Hell-Level Task, he was popular in the Guild. After he enters the guild, a discussion blow inside the guild. Some people admired them while some people feel jealous while some started ruining their reputation.

After submitting his letter/ticket of clearance, he walked out with a card of EXP and few dozens of bronze coins. There weren't any other rewards since it gave him nearly twenty thousand EXP and ten thousand bronze coins.

With those bronze coins, he reached one step closer to the third monthly quest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He wanted to spend more time hunting monsters inside the Ascending to Godhood. But, he shouldn't improve his cultivation right now. He needs to remain a Soldier. More importantly, he has something to do outside.

After returning back to his room, he sat crossed legs and closed his eyes. First, he needs to meditate and completely calm his mind. He took few Enlightenment God Stones that he borrowed from Daniel. After five minutes, his mind finally calmed down as he falls into a state of enlightenment.

He didn't waste time and immediately started merging his Lightning Innate Ability with Brute Force. There were reasons behind it. First, he wanted to complete the God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence. Second, he wanted to evolve Lightning Innate Ability.

His Lightning Innate Ability can't evolve like his Brute Force on its own. So, he needed to merge both of them and create a new essence. Once the essence is formed, he can start evolving his Lightning Innate Ability.

Thus, he needs to form Brute Lightning Essence. The moment he started God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence, a golden essence leaked out of him and coated his body. This golden essence was releasing an intense killing intent.

But, this time it was instantly suppressed by the Yellow Slaughter Spirit. The system didn't need to intervene. Once he settled the killing intent of God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence, he needed to destroy this essence using Lightning Energy.

Once when the essence gets destroyed into several atomic-level segments, he can merge the Lightning atoms with it. The problem would be the instability of the lightning element. Unlike fire, it destroys anything it touches. Not only has it had strong burning power but also insane destructiveness.

That's why he needs to be careful while merging the Lightning element with golden essence. Thankfully, the golden essence was created to contain the destructive elements. Although he can separate the essence into several atomic segments, he can't destroy them completely or even erase them.

They will still remain in his body. So, he can use these atoms and merges them with the lightning element.

Half an hour Later........

After completing the task, the golden essence slowly changes its color. The golden slowly changes into blue. But, it wasn't the end.

Now, he needs to merge this blue essence into Brute Force. This process was a little different than the previous process. Instead of merging both, he needs to devour the blue essence inside the brute force. This way Blue Essence will be the part of Brute Force that he can use whenever he wants.

To devour the blue essence, he must practice God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence to perfection which was done by the system. So, he had no worries when he started devouring the Blue Essence.

It took him another half an hour to devour the Blue Essence. Once it was finished, he finally started creating skills that are perfect for his Blue Brute Essence.

Countless fighting styles appeared in his mind as he observed more and more. He found the lightning-fighting style. He found the brute force fighting style. Then, he started merging them. While merging them, he also measured the demerits and merits of his new fighting styles.

And, this time he tried to include Slaughter Spirit and Fighting Spirit. He also pushed The Sky Lightning Fist to A-Rank and achieve Lightning Domain.

He wanted to create something new. Since he had an entire day of enlightenment, he wanted to use it for creating something new that he has never created. He only knows about it through his master.

They are called Domain skills. They are very hard to create as you need to create something beyond perfection. If domains are the special abilities one can achieve after perfecting the A-Rank skill, then Domain Skills are something that can only be achieved by pushing the capabilities of Domain beyond perfection.

Domains are basically powerful abilities for manipulation. With Gravity Domain/Control, he could manipulate gravity. With Berserk Domain, Olive could manipulate the effects of berserk. When she used her domain skill, she was able to manipulate the berserk effect on her body to elongate her nails.

At the same time, the berserk domain was able to make the sense of slaughtering ritual under the moon. But, berserk normally gets represented by red energy. So, the moon was also red. Of course, these were just the theories based on which she created that skill.

Unfortunately, Mike couldn't succeed. Using an entire day of enlightenment, he couldn't create a Domain Skill. In the end, he gave up and creates two major skills based on his newly formed Blue Brute Essence.

Tyrant Lightning Dragon- It was a fist art where he can use the impact of a brute force combined with the lightning release to defeat his enemy. It was a single-style based skill. When he smashes a punch, his fist will release a lightning-formed dragon with the impact that shatters the earth.

Tyrant King of Lightning- Unlike the previous skill, this was a set of different fighting styles. In fact, Tyrant Lightning Dragon could even come under this skill unfortunately, this skill was a little different. This skill heavily depends upon his domains.

Gravity Domain and Lightning Domains are used in each style.

Lightning Python Strike- It was a fighting style where he kicks his opponent with lightning speed powered by Gravity. He uses Blue Brute Essence to rush forward. The Lightning attribute channels through his body while brute force channels through his legs.

Using Gravity, he makes his body weightless upon kicking the ground. It's like using a rocket booster in space to move the rocket. The speed reaches up to Mach 2 and the impact increases when he smashes the opponent with a round kick on his neck.

The lightning released around him keeps his opponent paralyzed for few seconds due to its effect until he kicks. With such speed and additional time gained by lightning, his opponent won't be able to dodge it. It might only have half of the speed of Hyper Speed Spear but it contains ten times more power.

Brute Lightning Punch- It was the same version of Western Hidden Punch. After punching his opponent, the lightning gets released by him and enters his opponent's body. This is much more destructive than Western Hidden Punch because Lightning can paralyze him from inside, destroy his inner organs while the intense heat and lightning can burn his cells.

Currently, he had only succeeded on these two styles for Tyrant King of Lighting Skill.

Finally, he recreated the Howling Tiger Spear Art. Instead of creating several styles, he purely focused on two expect of the lightning. Speed and Destructiveness. Using these two attributes and his Brute Force, he created a new spear art.

Lightning Spear- Simple yet destructive. It needs to be thrown like a javelin. But before throwing it, he needs to infuse Blue Brute Essence into it. The Blue Brute Essence creates the lightning around the spear turning it into the lightning spear.

The brute force increases its hardness. The power of a throw and lightning speed, when both combined, can reach the speed of Mach 4, almost close to the speed of Hyper Speed Spear and the power is five times better.

After an entire day of enlightenment, he stands up and walked towards the main room. He saw Daniel sitting in front of the laptop while doing some of his works.

"Daniel, did that thing arrive?" Mike asked as he walked near him. He looked at the window opened by Daniel which seems to be related to banking transactions.

"Yes, young master!" Nodding his head, he took out two boxes. These boxes were the same as the previous one which was filled with dark energy crystals.

"But young master, why do you need so many dark energy crystals? You know you can't improve your cultivation at this moment, right?" While passing those boxes, Daniel looked at him confused and asked.

"I am not using them for cultivation. I lost my fire element or rather I lost my Fire attributed physique." Mike's mood was a little low while explaining it. After all, he lost so many dark energy crystals on it.

"What? This is going to be a major. Without fire element, you have even lesser chances to win." Daniel freaked out for a moment after hearing his answer. He didn't seem to know about Mike losing his physique.

"But don't worry, I gained something else or rather say I awakened something else." With a mysterious smile on his lips, he lifted his index finger releasing the lightning bolt around it.

"Lightning Element! You----- you lost your fire element and gained lightning element." Daniel almost passed out after hearing him. He didn't know that Mike got this innate ability from the system. Unlike other innate abilities, the innate abilities from the system are categorized in Inherited Innate Ability with Original Innate Ability growth rate.

"Sounds unbelievable, right? My fire element came from the fire attributed physique but this is an original innate ability that I awakened. It seems my physique suppressed lightning element during the awakening."

"After that, it only got stronger with my Brute Force. To suppress that poison, my physique sacrificed itself or maybe I sacrificed it subconsciously. Without the suppression of that physique, Lightning Element awakened as a B-Rank Innate Ability."

"Alright, I don't have much time. I need to improve my Innate Ability." Putting those boxes in the system space, he waves his hand and walked towards his room leaving Daniel in confusion. He could swear to the god that he didn't understand the logic behind Mike's words.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the tournament battle,

There were four people on the battlefield. Two of them were humans while the other two were a Half-Elf and a Half-Dragon. The Half-Elf was none other than Aarav while the Half-Dragon was Ares. Both of them weren't even looking at each other when MC announced their names.

"Hey, you got in a bad mood just because you can't fight him? Don't you think your thoughts are too naïve? He is a disciple of that Beast." Aarav looked at Ares's dark moody expression and chuckled.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, an arrow rushed towards him with great speed. But Aarav simply dodged it without even looking at the arrow. He was constantly teasing Ares.

"Damn! What kind of mixed-breed are you?" Seeing his arrow missed and looking at his opponent's attitude, the human youth got frustrated and shouted.

When Aarav hears the youth calling him mixed-breed, anger rose from his eyes. He pointed the index finger at him. Slowly, the energy gathered at his fingertip. Within ten seconds, a massive red ball of flames emerged in front of his fingertip.

"Die!"

Aarav flicks the massive fireball towards the opponent. Seeing a fireball that was the size of an average room, the human youth channels his ability energy into his bow. The bow releases energy in the form of an arrow.

Bang!

Once the arrow emerges out of energy, he shoots the arrow straight at the fireball. The arrow transformed into metal but its speed didn't decrease. When the metal collided, the human youth's expression went blank.

He thought the arrow would pierce through the fireball but it was instantly melted. The fireball was burning at the temperature of two thousand degrees Celsius. The moment fireball reached near them Aarav snaps his finger.

Boom!

The moment the fireball explodes, the entire ground razed off. The explosion made a huge spherical ball of flames engulfing both human youths in it.

For a moment, the entire crowd gasped at the overbearing flame. It was not only overbearing but also extremely destructive. After they were swallowed the flames, Aarav turned around and said "Let's go! It's not like they will clap at our victory."

Saying so, Aarav didn't even bother giving a single glance at his opponent. But suddenly, his steps stopped as the MC shouted "Ladies and Gentlemen! That was one hell of a show of strength. It seems we have a massive difference in Genius-Level youths. So, give a round of applause to Aarav and Ares from Team B"

Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!

The entire crowd clapped after hearing MC's words. Even though those youths barely survive, even though Aarav and Ares were mixed-breed, they will still give respect to an amazing display of strength.

"It seems you overly despise humans." While Aarav's footsteps were frozen, Ares passed by him and spoke with a mocking tone.

"Well, whatever!" Hearing his words, Aarav shook his head and walked away with a cold glare at his eyes.

"Alright, everyone! Now, let's call our next participants. This time we have Nero and Elon from Team A. And, Team B has Harry and Daniel."

With his words, two groups walked out from the opposite end. If Mike was present here, he would be surprised by Daniel and Harry. After all, he has a deep grudge against them.

"Team A versus Team B start!" Upon his hearing words, Nero who was a short guy released the water waves around him while Elon released dozens of knives around him.

"Sleep!" "Snap!"

Daniel stood in front of Nero and merely smiled. When he saw Nero releasing water around him, he snaps his finger and releases ability energy from his words.

Thud!

In an instant, Nero fell to the ground with his eyes closed. Elon noticed it and tried to wake him up but suddenly, Harry appeared in front of him with an evil grin.

"Hey, your opponent is me."

Just when he raised his hand to catch Elon, dozens of knives moved towards him.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

Those knives pierced different parts of his body except his heart and head. But his hands succeed in catching Elons' head.

Thud!

Using all of his strength at his hand, he smashed Elon on the ground.

"Uhhh!" "Saaaaaavvveeee!"

Because Elon's mouth was blocked, his words couldn't reach in others' ears. Even if they heard him, they simply couldn't help him. In an instant, his body started aging. The wrinkles appeared on his face and body until the entire body looked more like dried wood.

"Yeah! That was a nice meal." After sucking his entire lifespan, Harry lets go of his head with a satisfied expression.

"You are making a scene once again." Seeing his behavior, Daniel couldn't help but get angry at him.

"Who cares? It's not like we broke rules." Harry spoke with an indifferent expression. But the match made the entire crowd silent. If Daniel had brought them excitement then Harry destroyed that excitement. They silent looked at Elon without any praise.

"In Team A versus Team B! We once again have our winner. Let's give a round of applause for Daniel and Harry." Although MC was disgusted by Harry's act, he still continued doing his job.

Harry who was full of blood started healing at an incredible rate. Although both of them stayed, no one from the crowd clapped for them. Daniel sighed at the crowd and walked away. Harry who didn't care about their expression walked without any sort of regret on his face.

"Hey, do you think he will fight in the next stage?" Harry asked while walking out of the battlefield.

Daniel touched his chin and thought for a while before answering "I don't know! Even if he tried to fight, he won't be able to do much with the poison in his body. Stop thinking too much about him! We have a mission to complete."

Hearing Daniel's words, Harry turned his head back for a moment then walked away with Daniel.

Mike was still busy absorbing dark energy crystals to evolve his Innate Ability. Hours passed without giving him a single sense of idea about time. This time the process was a lot longer than he expected. In the evening, Mike opened his eyes surrounding himself with two empty boxes.

He thought about the status panel and it appeared in front of him.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (Eighth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +500 STR, +200 AGI (SS-Rank)

STR: 3117

AGI: 3051

INT: 1042

STM: 1140

DEF: 3108 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Meteor Fist, Lightning Spear, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Storm Steps, Sky Lightning Fist, Tyrant Lightning Dragon, Tyrant King of Lightning, and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Domain (Meteor Fist), Lightning Domain (Sky Lightning Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500006

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'Now, I don't think I have much to worry about. With my current strength, I should be able to face High-Level Geniuses. More importantly, I need to improve my cultivation soon. Once I finish this tournament, I will immediately try to reach General Realm.'

'I still have to catch up to Lauren. It has already been three days. Today, the first stage should have been completed. The next stage is Trial Match. Let's eat dinner and sleep well. Tomorrow will be a fun day.' After thinking for a while, he went to the main room.

Now, Daniel was responsible for the food. So, when he saw Mike coming out of the room, he asked "Young Master, do you want to wait for a master or eat alone?"

"Master will be joining tonight?" Mike was a little surprised since his master has been busy doing something that he doesn't know. So, he has rarely seen Mad Beast Emperor. He thought for a while and nodded his head "If master will arrive soon, then let's wait for him."

"By the way young master, a girl drop by this afternoon. She said she has some kind of business with you. But you were busy evolving your innate ability, I told her to leave the message if she had any. She didn't say anything but left a letter. Since she clearly pointed me to let you have a first look, I didn't open it." Daniel took out an envelope and passed it to Mike while explaining the circumstances.

"Hmm! That's weird! Who would write a write for me? A love letter?" Mike was pretty confused when he received the envelope. He tried to match it with a love letter but it was pretty simple. He opened the yellow envelope and took out the letter.

'What?' After reading the letter, Mike freaked out for a moment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After reading the letter, he got a good grasp of the situation. He never expected to get help from that girl.

After poisoning him, the guy in a black jacket and other members of the Dark Raven Organization was supposed to help the guy who poisoned him leave the Imperial State with teleportation. If she hadn't stopped them, then Mad Beast Emperor would've never known about the true culprit.

Daniel had already told him about the culprit. And, also his master returning empty-handed. But, he was still able to find the culprit. It turns out Alena was the one who helped them stop the culprit from getting away from the Imperial State.

She also hinted to meet him after the end of the tournament which was not so surprising since she betrayed them only to please him.

'Did I underestimated myself?' Mike questioned himself for a moment even though he knew that was just a false assumption. It wasn't because he underestimated himself rather because she was like Sunny. Except, Alena doesn't go around fucking boys for money rather for pleasure.

Mike sighed and put the letter inside this system space. After half an hour, his master enters the room. The dinner was the meat of several beasts. They were carefully chosen by Daniel that can improve Mike's stamina and strength.

After the food, everyone returned back to the room. It was another lonely night for him. After sleeping with Jenny for a month, he got a habit of sleeping every day with her. This time, he really misses her a lot. After thinking for a while, he takes out of his phone and calls her.

The light was on as both of them video chat each other. After discussing basic conditions, Jenny asked "Did you watch today's matches?"

"No! Did you watch it?" Understanding her background, he wouldn't be surprised if she got the private broadcast of this tournament.

"Yeah! I asked my dad for that. Mike, it seems you will be in deep trouble." Jenny spoke with a serious expression on her face. This made him confused even more.

"Hmm! What kind of trouble are you talking about?" Mike wasn't sure whether she was talking about the poison or something else. He hasn't told her about it nor has he told anyone else. So, he was a little confused.

"I am not talking about poison. I was angry at you for not telling me about this. But, I can understand you. After all, nobody would share bad news with others. I am talking about another trouble. Do you remember Harry and Daniel? They are also participating in the tournament." When her words rang on his ears, the slaughter spirit erupts out of him.

"I know you are angry. But you need to decide your action based on facts, not on emotions. If you think you can kill them, go for it. I won't stop you. But if you can't, then please don't die." These words instantly helped him regain his consciousness.

She was right. He was losing his mind on anger. But thankfully, he was able to get back soon with her words alone. He took a deep breath and said "Don't worry! I will not attack them until I understand their strength. But, I will definitely kill them before losing them once again."

"Alright!" Jenny nodded her head with a smile as if she had already expected this answer.

"You are not going to ask me how?" Mike was a little confused seeing her smile.

"Mike, when you become the strongest person in the world, I believe you will tell me everything. Until then, I will wait." Jenny merely smiled and spoke.

Mike looked at her with shock on his face. He couldn't understand why she was so confident. But, soon his shock was replaced with a smile as he nods his head.

"By the way, I have another bad news for you. Typically, it's not bad news." Jenny spoke as her smile fades away with a solemn expression on her face. After his smile fades away, she continued "Lucas is being too hard on himself. Until now, he entered the Ascending to Godhood three times and returned covered in blood for two times. Although his cultivation improved, he is risking his life a lot."

"Then, why are you and Lauren sitting doing nothing? Stop his madness! He should understand his current situation. If something happens to him, Lauren would lose herself." Mike shouted through the phone as his expression changed to anxiety.

"I couldn't do anything. Lauren said we shouldn't stop him. There is no point in stopping him now. If he is stopped, he might end up doing something even worse. Lauren understands her brother more than you and me. So, I couldn't argue with her." Jenny tried to explain but the mood only worsened.

Mike gritted his teeth trying to swallow his anger. After few minutes, he spoke, "Alright, tell him to take care of himself."

Mike couldn't go against Lauren. After all, she is the one who understands Lucas and Luke a lot better. After that, they talked for few more minutes and finally said good night to each other. Only then Mike could sleep peacefully.

His good sleep was ruined by the ray of sun that fell in his eyes from the window. His room was pretty much isolated but he was surprised that sunlight can still reach his room.

'Alright, today is the day for the new challenge.' Mike smashed his fists together and a smile beamed on his face.

...

Half an hour later,

'Are you fucking kidding me?' It was the thoughts ringing in his mind when he heard MC's explanation for the second round. Unlike in the first round, the second round doesn't include fighting. It includes something closely related to the participant.

In fact, MC clearly pointed out that this stage is the easiest stage among all five. But, it also reveals a person's true nature giving them a chance to review his character.

After explaining everything, a blue light covered them as each of them entered the Virtual Space. Mike found himself in the middle of train tracks. In front of him, there was a long track. And, it is connected with two different tracks that pass from both of his sides.

Suddenly, a voice rang in his mind 'Hello Participant! This Trial Stage has three different levels you need to cross. Each of them has a different trial. The trial you need to pass will be 'Being True to Yourself. If you can't be true to yourself, you can move forward.'

'Life is full choices. One wrong choice will change the world. One second late will make you lose someone. For your first level, you have a remote in your hand. There are two buttons that represent left and right.'

'Now, please look at your right side.'

Mike followed the instruction and turned his gaze to the right side. His heart instantly jerked. In his right, Jenny was tied with a giant metal boulder with thick change.

"Jenny!" Mike shouted as he tried to move but something pressed him hard.

At this moment, the voice rang in his brain once again.

'Now, please look at your left side.'

He gritted his teeth and swallowed his anger remembering this was just a trial. He took a deep breath trying to get the gist of the trial. When he turned to his left, he saw seven unknown people. Four of them were men while three were women.

But, he doesn't know anyone of them.

'Human shouldn't be selfish. This is our viewpoint. One life can't be compared with seven lives. If you have seven people in the war, you can have better chances to win. If you have only one friend at war, you won't chance to win.'

'If you press right, you will save seven people. Many will treat you as a good person. These seven people will treat you as a master. Many emperors will take you as their disciple. But if you press left, you will be a selfish guy in other's eyes. Can you live your life where you will be treated as an eyesore?'

'Can you live a life without the protection of someone strong? Can you live without a society? Now, make your choice. The train will arrive in five seconds.'

'One!'

Click!

When the countdown started, Mike instantly pressed the left button.

Hooooo!

Seeing the train crashing seven people into blood paste, the entire crowd gasped. That was too fast for them to digest. One second, all it took him was a single second to decide the fate of seven people.

At this moment, even the examiner who was currently watching the trial inside the room was in dilemma. His reaction was asking for hundred points but it was hard to give him a hundred points after he took the lives of seven people.

Mike who was holding the remote near his mouth spoke "I don't know whether you can hear me or not. But if the examiners can hear me, I have few words for you."

In fact, they could hear him. They could also hear that narrator's voice. So, when he said that, everyone curiously listened to him only to get astonished.

"Fuck you! Piece of shits!"

These were his words as he raises his middle finger to the crowd.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Earlier Today,

During the meal, Mike looked at Mad Beast Emperor and asked "Master, I have a question that I wanted to ask. Currently, I have some powerful skills that can do a lot of damage. But, there might be a situation where I would need an extremely destructive attack. Can I create such attack with my cultivation?"

Hearing his question, Mad Beast Emperor and Daniel looked at each other, smiling. Mad Beast Emperor turned his head at Mike and asked "Have you ever thought of using a lot of ability energy in a skill?"

"I have but won't I burst due to the massive amount of ability energy?" Mike nods his head and asked.

"Yes, you will. But have you ever checked the limit?" Mad Beat Emperor nods his head and asked.

"....Nope! I cherish my life so I never tried." Mike hesitated for a moment before being completely honest with him.

"That means you are just a coward. Well, it is not a bad thing to be a coward but sometimes you need to step up and do something necessary. If you overuse the ability energy in a certain skill, the impact of that skill will increase by a lot."

"But, your body parts won't be able to handle it. Though, I bet you can use it to increase the strength of your skills by two or maybe three times considering your current defense. But make sure, you use an immense amount of ability energy in a large-range attack." Mad Beast Emperor explained while eating the meat with his fork.

...…

At the moment,

"Hahaha! That's my disciple for you." Mad Beast Emperor holds his belly and starts laughing crazy. Daniel wasn't surprised by him either. He knows Mike is emotionally weak. And, giving him such a trial really pisses him up.

Fire Emperor and Emperor Lewis stare at Mad Beast Emperor speechlessly. Although they can't see the face of the lady on the screen, they can understand her relationship with Mike. After all, Narrator gave them some tips.

Unfortunately, her face was blurred. Although this is a trial match, it still maintains the privacy of participants. After the first level was complete, Mike didn't move since he knows that Jenny was an illusion. He also understood the trial's meaning in a matter of seconds.

It's like his brain worked very fast when he was left with two choices. After all, he was determined about his action.

After few minutes, the narrator's voice rang 'Participants, please look at the right, and then look at the left!'

Mike was a little irritated by the same kind of instruction. But, he still turned at his right and then at his left. After looking at both sides, his expression was very unnatural. On one side, it was his mother, on another side, it was Jenny.

He completely stopped focusing on the narrator's words and sucked out the blue brute essence in his fist. The moment blue brute essence entered his fist, he pressed his foot on the ground. The overwhelming strength pushed him several meters away.

The moment the narrator finished his speech, the train appeared two miles away from him. It was a hundred-meter long train, traveling at the speed of a hundred-meter per second. If he wasn't wrong, then it would reach crash into one of them in thirty seconds.

So, he must do something within thirty seconds. The blue brute essence entered his fist, but it didn't stop there. He continued till half of his ability energy was consumed. He was going beyond the limit set by his master.

At this moment, he was completely mad. The moment his body traveled one mile through fifteen leaps, he appeared in front of the train. He pushed his right fist forward as it strikes the front of the train. The lightning coiled from his fist and entered the train, while the powerful impact stopped the train.

"Tyrant King of Lightning- Brute Lightning Punch"

Bang! Crack! Crack! Boom!

The entire train exploded from inside and crumbled into the pieces.

"Huh!" When Mike saw the entire train crumbling into pieces, he was astonished. He looked at the train slowly turning into blue particles until it disappears.

'Did my strength increased by this much?' Mike speechlessly looked at his fist and murmured. Suddenly, his eyes widen as he muttered 'My strength is almost equal to Lauren. No, if I use Brute Force, it is even better than hers.

'Five hundred plus strength is almost equal to tenth rank soldier. And, my unique ability also increases my strength by six hundred fifty. Does that mean I am even stronger than Lauren? No wait, she has an A Storm Dragon Blood innate ability. If she uses it, her strength will definitely soar.'

'Even so, my brute force is SS rank and the same goes for my lightning. I wonder if I increase the brute force to SSS, can I get thousand plus strength.' While thinking about it, he slowly returned back to his position.

The spectators were left speechless by his act. First, he didn't choose any of the two options. Second, he smashed a train that was moving at the speed of hundred meters per second. Third, he used the lightning element.

For god sake, they didn't know about that. And, why can anyone have three innate abilities? Most of them took that lightning element as an inherited innate ability. But, an S-Rank inherited innate ability was still rare.

If he had this element, why didn't he show it previously? Many spectators had these questions in their hearts. At this moment, Mad Beast Emperor was also shocked as he thought 'Did his innate ability reached SS rank? Both of them?'

'So, he spent ten billion dollars for this. Well, it is not a bad thing. Now, he should be at the top of High-Level Genius. But, he is still far from most of the superior-level geniuses. I hope he won't meet them any time soon.'

At this moment, the narrator's voice rang on Mike's mind 'Let's move on to the third level. This level has a different meaning. Unlike the first two levels, this is the place where you need to show your worth.'

'My worth?' Although Mike was pissed because of this trial, he didn't want to lose. So, he swallowed his anger and tried to focus on the trial. The surrounding around him also changed into a primitive cave.

'You need to create a skill within six hours. That would be enough to show your worth. Using Enlightenment God Stone isn't allowed.' The narrator spoke in his mind as slowly the voice fades away.

'Create a skill huh! This time things are getting serious. But, I believe I can do it.' Although Mike wasn't that smart he had some basic ideas in his mind.

'Lightning Net, Lightning Bomb, or Lightning Claws.' But Mike was still undecided on which to choose.

'Lightning Net can work as a supportive skill. Though I don't see many uses of Lightning Net, in some cases it can be used such as trapping the opponent or capturing the enemy. To make the Lightning Net, I need to decide on the size of a Lightning thread.'

'Each thread needs to be immensely durable. That means I need to channel my own physical strength into each thread. It would definitely need a lot of precision. More importantly, I need to figure out the size of the Lightning Net before using it otherwise I might end using less or ability energy.'

Mike puts his hand on the chin and started thinking. He didn't stop on Lightning Thread alone.

'Lightning Bomb is an effective long-range attack. Normally a bomb explodes on the material inside of it. Fire is the most common element that can explode. Normally, everything can explode but fire explosion creates much more destructiveness.'

'If I am going to try creating a bomb that can rival fire explosions, I need to use the Lightning Element attributes to their fullest. Extreme hotness, Paralyzes, Destructive, and Speed. These are the four most common attributes of lightning.'

'If a Lightning Bomb explodes, it needs to be destructive. Though the people might have a chance to escape since it can't generate flames to engulf them. But on other hand, it can release the bolt of lightning with an incredible speed that can pass through a body of a person.'

'Since lightning possesses extreme hotness especially after the explosion, it can easily pierce or burn a person's body. And, if I keep the explosion low, I can change the impact. Instead of burning them, the lightning bolt can paralyze them if it is used with lesser power.'

'Finally, it is Lightning Claw. Generating lightning in the shape of a claw for close combat might be a useful trick. If I can make the claw with a single bolt of lightning then it can be sharp. But that means I need to maintain ten bolts of lightning in my finger.'

'Normally, my innate ability won't hurt me. But if I couldn't control the precision of ability energy every time I use it, then it might start burning or even destroying my finger. That can be extremely hazardous. I need to find a solution for it.'

This got him into deep thinking. Suddenly, Mike couldn't help but remember his master's words on the second day of his training.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On the second day of his training,

"Master, I have something to ask you." While punching his fist against the zombie, Mike turned his head towards Mad Beast Emperor and spoke.

"Hmm! What do you want to know?" Mad Beast Emperor looked at Mike and asked.

"Master ...…. When that bastard tried to kill Luke, he used an overwhelming amount of ability energy. It was also a kind of suicidal act. But he survived and even managed to attack for a short time. I swear that explosion wasn't supposed to be something he should survive."

"Not to mention, Luke also used his attack. Well, I didn't know that but Jenny told me everything. Even though he tried to counter it and managed to hit that bastard with his attack, that bastard still survived. It's almost like if that explosion didn't damage him at all." Mike asked with confusion and anger on his face.

He was angry that Mantle managed to survive but he was also confused about how he survived?

"If you say it like that, then he must have a rate of synchronization with his innate ability." Mad Beast Emperor touches his chin and tries to understand Mike's question.

"Rate of synchronization? Wait a freaking minute! I thought we are perfectly synchronized with our innate ability." Mike got a little confused when he mentioned synchronization. But when he realized a deeper, he immediately asked in disbelieve.

"Of course not! If you were perfectly synchronized with your innate ability, why can't you use a massive amount of ability energy to increase the power of your skill?" Mad Beast Emperor asked while shaking his head.

"Because we will freaking explode our body at the worst." Mike's forehead released a cold sweat as he explained.

"Correct! If you use overuse your ability energy, you will explode or cripple your body parts. But on other hand, your ability energy stays in your body all the time. Not only the amount of ability energy is massive but also stays longer in your body. So, why is it possible to hold a large amount of ability energy inside our body than outside?" Mad Beast Emperor snaps his finger at him and nods his head.

"Because inside our body, ability energy is in energy form while outside, it will take the form of the ability. It's like a solar heat that reaches us is not that harmful but when it reaches solar panel and transform into electricity, it gets dangerous." Mike used all of his understanding of his school life and previous life to explain and cursed himself for not paying attention in class in both lives.

"That's the basic understanding of how it works. But whether it is inside or outside, it is still our ability. It's something connected to us. So, why can it still harm us? Well, I previously asked you the same question but you replied with a different answer. That means you don't know."

"So, let me explain. We control the energy with our brain just like any other part of our body. But if you cut your hand and put it on the table, can you control it? No, you can't. Either you need to use string or psychic powers to control it."

"Since you don't have both, you need something else. We need a connection or rather a synchronization with our innate ability. Synchronizing with an innate ability needs proper patience or a strong Willpower to achieve something."

"In simple words, you either need a spirit or simply Will to synchronize with your innate ability. You might ask how is that possible or how can I synchronize with my innate ability with the help of Will? The answer is very simple, dominate it."

"Our brain is the core of everything. We do what our brain wants us to do. And, the brain does things that give it satisfaction. Well, let me give you an example. When a writer writes a book, he expects it to run better in the market. He writes a lot just so that his readers will enjoy more chapters."

"But, when he founds that readers are not enjoying his book, or found that book is not going well in the market, he gets demotivated. He will gradually lose his enthusiasm and write fewer chapters. Then, his brain asks him to read other books, play games, and watch movies. From those, he will get more satisfaction and gradually stop writing."

"That's how our brain works. You don't have a good body but you still masturbate a lot. Why? Because masturbating gives you a lot of pleasure. So, our brain only does things that are pleasurable and easy. But then, there are things that your brain does automatically."

"Respiration, Digestion, Excretion, circulation, and lots of other functions that our brain does automatically. Your brain doesn't get pleasure by doing these things. But it still functions. Why? Because our brain is programmed to do those things."

"When a machine is programmed to do something, it does what it is programmed for. It can't do everything just because you expect it to do. Synchronizing with your innate ability means turning your active abilities into passive."

"Well, technically it can't be presented that way. But just think that it has installed new software in your brain. That software synchronizes your brain with your innate ability. And, what is that software? It's simply your Will. Your Will can become a software that can command your brain."

"In this way, synchronization is a tool that can turn your brain control over innate ability into automatic version from the manual version. Currently, your Will is commanding your brain to control your innate ability. But, you are not truly synchronizing with your innate ability because your Will is not permanent or strong"

"It appears when you want and disappears when you do not want. That's why you need to change your Will into the software. In simple words, practice more."

"...…. So, you told me all that just to tell me to practice more?" Mike looked at his master with a dumbfounded expression and asked.

"Just practice and practice with your innate ability." Mad Beast Emperor nods his head and answers.

...…..

Inside the trial,

Five hours have passed, and Mike hasn't created a single skill. He was constantly using his old skills and practice with them. Of course, he was creating the skill but he needs a higher level of synchronization. Since skills need better precision.

Unlike his previous skills, these three skills need extreme and precise control over lightning so that he won't hurt his body. He was gradually understanding the meaning behind his master's words.

Program your brain to do things automatically. Practicing his skills was the same as writing codes. Once he finishes it, the brain will work on its own. But, it's not that easy either. Because it depends upon the length of the program.

Since lightning has several attributes, he needs to program each attribute separately. Five basic attributes of lightning would be destruction, heat, sharpness, paralyzes, and speed. If he divides these five attributes, in terms of percentage synchronization, then each attribute will hold twenty percent.

His current mission was to allocate them based on their attribute ranking such as Destructiveness being the highest, while paralyzes begin the lowest. If he wants to control the destructiveness of the lightning, he needs to work harder. He might even need a month of training.

Because while controlling the destructiveness, he is destroying his own body as well. That's why it is at the top of the attribute. But even if he paralyzes himself, it wouldn't cause much damage or risk, so he can place it at the bottom.

Since practice always starts from the bottom, he needs to start with controlling the paralyzes effect of the lightning. Then, he can move on to the sharpness part which will represent a 20-40 percent rate of synchronization.

Then, it will be speed which will represent 40-60 percent. Then, it is the heat, which will represent 60-80 percent. And finally, it is a destruction which will represent 80-100 percent. Only then he will be able to use lightning without fearing losing control or anything whatsoever. Since his brain will try to maximize the usage of the lightning but also put the limit on it, he doesn't need to fear overdoing things.

Finally, he stopped practicing half an hour before the time limit. Creating a skill in his mind, he was ready to try it out.

'Okay, lightning turns into threads. Each thread is stronger than steel, a touch of it will paralyze the opponent and keep them under the net. Now Spread!' Mike lifted both of his hands, releasing several thousands of lightning bolts.

Each bolt was thin as an index finger but harder than the steel as it crossed each other to combine. The hole in a lightning net would be equal to that of a thumb finger. As for the weight, it would be lighter than hundred pounds.

But more importantly, he can use the net to fish out his enemy and take them away while catching the lightning net. Because of his five hours of practice, he was able to have a twenty percent rate of synchronization with his lightning innate ability.

After spreading twenty meters long and wide lighting net, he started condensing a ball of lightning.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Lightning Net!"

Mike shouted while spreading his arms. The lightning tingled around him and formed a twenty-meter-long and wide net. The holes made by the lightning threads were only three centimeters in diameter each. There were two long lightning threads that Mike was holding to control the lightning net.

But soon, the lightning net scattered as he had nothing to hold. But, he didn't stop there and immediately condensed a dark blue sphere in his hand. The sphere was the size of a baseball making it easier for him to hold.

It didn't explode even when Mike was holding it hard. The outer shell was smooth and hard but the traces of lightning could be found all around it. These bolts of lightning were enough to paralyze anyone within Soldier Realm for a short amount of time.

But, it was obviously not working against him. There was a deep reason why he created a ball with a smooth and hard shell. During this month, he learned many things. Among them, the most important thing is to prepare himself for every situation.

He has lots of plans in his mind but unfortunately, he doesn't seem to have the resources to complete those plans. Even so, this bomb might be helpful. This bomb was designed to be used as other regular bombs except its destructiveness has been increased by a lot.

It can easily raze most of the thirteenth rank soldiers below Middle-Level Geniuses. Of course, the current bomb in his hand doesn't have such quality. To create such a bomb, he needs to spend at least an hour. Even so, the bomb in his hand can easily destroy a common-level thirteenth rank soldier.

Actually, he had started planning this after the death of Luke. He slowly understood that he can't be omnipresent. So, he must do everything to keep his family and friends safe. On other hand, he can't spend dozens and dozens of system points to buy those resources.

Although his mom is Lord of Curses, she is still in her weakest state. According to Claire, if she uses her powers. She will suffer terrible consequences. That is why she let Mac kidnapped her. The problematic situations for him were sprouting like beams.

Dark Raven Organization has already targeted him. He had already made an enemy with Blood Demon King which is hailed as a genius equal to his master. Well, he isn't far behind both of them in terms of talent. But, he is still weak in front of them.

His master has already made things clear with him. As long as it is not King or Emperor or Half-Saint, he will not interfere even if millions of people try to kill him. He needs to overcome everything on his own. That's why Mike was trying to do everything to be prepared for the worst.

Boom!

Mike moves his left leg forward and throws the lightning bomb towards the wall. The Lightning Bomb moved like a baseball until collides with the wall. After the collision, the bomb exploded the walls into small rubbles as the nearby walls also crumbled down.

But the impact of the explosion wasn't going down that easy. The impact was still rushing towards him in the form of wind pressure. Mike suddenly generates lightning through his finger. Each finger releases a bolt of lightning that transformed into a spear tip.

"Lightning Claw"

Pssssshh!

The claws swept down, piercing through the air. The wind impact separates into pieces and strikes his body. Because of smaller impacts, he didn't suffer much. But he did get the idea about the power of Lightning Bomb.

But, one question kept striking his mind 'How are they going to identify the skill that is created within six hours? It's not like participants have shown every single skill on their arsenal. Not everyone is an idiot like me to show everything in my arsenal just to look cool.'

'But, I don't think I did that to look cool. That phoenix guy was able to push me to my limits. Speed is really something that needs to be improved. I will keep that in mind. Strength, Agility, Intelligence, Stamina, and Defense.'

'Each of them is super important for a person. If I didn't have stamina and defense in that battle, I would have lost by those weak attacks. Similarly, I was at a disadvantage due to the lack of agility and intelligence.'

'Now I have everything except stamina and intelligence, I need to improve both.' As he thought more, the surrounding changed. In an instant, he returned in the middle of the battlefield.

At this moment, MC walked in front of the stage and shouted "To everyone who is present here, Congratulation for clearing the second stage. Everyone, please give them a round of applause for such an outstanding trial. Out of eighty thousand, we now have fifty thousand participants remained for the upcoming stage."

There were dozens of flying droids that showed them everything going inside the trial. Although the number of participants was almost eighty thousand, it could be possible by using several small display and turn-wise methods.

Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!

From eighty thousand to fifty thousand, the number decreased drastically. Some participants were enjoying the applause, some were just smiling, and some were standing without any care about the applause.

Suddenly, Mike walked near a girl standing few meters away from him and greeted "Hi Olive!"

Olive saw Mike walking near her and slightly nodded her head. When Mike looked at her, he saw the same cold eyes that he saw the first time he met her. He got a hard time figuring out the situation. Suddenly, an idea came to his mind as he raised his fist for the fist-bump and said "It might be hard but let's reach the top ten together."

Olive was a little startled when she heard him. She thought Mike would try to annoy her without those flirting words and behavior but didn't expect to get encouragement from him.

Suddenly, a blush appeared on her cold face as she raised her hand and bumped her fist at his.

"Oh! It's you!" Suddenly, a mild voice rang from behind. When Mike heard that voice, he turned his head and saw a young man standing behind. That man was tall and slender with a white complexion. But when his eyes shifted at his ears, he was startled.

Long ears!....... Elf?

Mike almost shouted elf but suddenly controlled his urge because he didn't want to look like a country bumpkin. He slightly closed his distance and spoke "Do you know me?"

"Haha! Who doesn't know the Mad Beast Emperor's disciple? I thought you would rest in bed for few days. But, it seems I was worried for nothing." Aarav smiled as he walked closer and patted Mike's shoulder.

"Worried about me?" Mike was a little confused since he didn't understand why for a moment. But suddenly, he jolted away from the half-elf and made a slight bow "I'm really sorry for being so handsome. But I am not a gay."

"Pu-chi!" For a moment, the entire crowd got silent trying to understand his words until two laughed from and behind and the front. It was Olive from behind and Ava from the front. She was behind a big dude Ares.

Both of them easily understood the meaning behind his words. Aarav took some time but eventually understood those words. His expression darkens as he spoke forcing an ugly smile "You misunderstood! I was worried about my friend. He wanted to have a battle with you seeing your first match. But, you got poisoned so I was worried since he might do something unexpected."

"Oh!" Mike nods his head while walking towards him. Aarav was a little confused why Miki was walking towards him. But suddenly, he noticed Mike passed by him and walked towards Ares.

Upon reaching in front of Ares, he lifted his hand and said "Hello!"

Ares slightly nodded his head but Mike hurriedly explained "I was talking to the beautiful lady behind you."

Hearing his words, Ares's mood darkens like Aarav's as he walked to the side. Only then, Mike saw Ava. He knew she would be S-class in terms of beauty but he couldn't confirm since she was behind Ares.

"Hello, miss! My name is Mike Tyson. Are you free for a cup of coffee?" Mike extends his hand in a polite manner as he asked her out.

Ava was slightly surprised as she never thought he would ask her out. On other hand, Olive was fuming with anger. Just when she clenched her hand, Mike spoke "I wanted to ask Miss Olive out for the cup of coffee but she felt a little embarrassed. So, I thought inviting a beautiful lady such as yourself would be a good choice."

"And, it would be my utmost pleasure to invite two of the most beautiful lady of the tournament for a coffee."

When Olive heard his words, she slightly opens her fist. Ava giggled after receiving his praise "Mister Mike surely has a sweet tongue. I wonder how many girls have fallen for that tongue."

"Please don't call me mister! It sounds so distant. You can simply call me Mike. As for my sweet tongue, no matter how sweet it might be, it's still useless against a beautiful lady like you." Mike slightly smiled and spoke completely ignoring the crowd that was watching him with their eyes wide open.

"Hehe! Since Mister Mike has invited two beautiful ladies for the cup of coffee, he wouldn't mind me joining the party, would he?" Suddenly, a seductive voice rang.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahem!" Suddenly, MC's throat crash gained their attention as he speechlessly looked at them. His gaze swept the battlefield and said "Congratulation to everyone here for passing the second stage! Since the second stage is complete, we will start the third stage battle tomorrow."

"But I will explain the rules of the third stage today."

He simply snaps his finger and the drone above him presents a massive picture. It was a picture of a forest. There are lots of tall trees, some small rivers, and nothing more. Pointing his finger at the picture, MC explains "For the next Five on Five Battle, we will send twenty teams. Each team will consist of five participants."

"This is a complete virtual stage but death will be real. Once you enter the virtual world, you will land near an airport. There will be few airships waiting for you. They will drop you from the above. You can choose where to drop since you can get a vague map of the forest."

"Upon landing, you need to find a proper hiding place. Inside the forest, there might not be many natural calamities. But, your opponent won't leave you alive since their winning chance is something that both of you need to fight for."

"You have to spend ten hours in the forest. Each hour, two airbags will be dropped by an airship. In ten hours, twenty airbags will land on the ground. Twenty teams, twenty airbags, and ten winners. Your position will be decided on the numbers of airbags you can gather."

"Top ten teams will proceed to the next round and other teams will lose everything. But, you need to have at least one bag. That means if eleven teams do not possess a bag, all eleven teams will be out. Team members aren't random. They could be if you can't find a proper team to join."

"And one more thing! Unlike the previous year, this year your position in the top ten of the tournament will be decided by points. Yes, at every stage, your performance will be scored. Those scores will be added up and the result will be something that no one might have thought off."

"In simple words, your strength, your talent, your brain, your resolution, your hard work, your polite manner of not cursing the examiners, your ability to help your friends, and finally your last stage battle. Of course, those who are already out won't be counted."

"At the very least, you need to survive till the fifth stage."

When MC's finished his speech, the entire crowd began discussing. Many participants including the Aarav, Olive, and Alena were clenching their fists hard.

"Damn! How can they change rules without telling us anything?" Emperor Lewis smashes his on the chair and shouted. His emperor's aura was released as it suffocated other people around him.

"Calm down Lewis! We can't do anything about it." Mad Beast Emperor sighed as he released his aura to suppress Emperor Lewis's aura.

"Aren't you angry? Your disciple cursed them. They might not give him high points." Emperor Lewis turned his head and saw the calm expression on his face. He was surprised that Mad Beast Emperor was this calm.

Normally, he would have started shouting in such conditions.

"Nothing I can do about it! I am already pissed that I couldn't kill that guy. That's why this circumstance is not angering me." Mad Beast Emperor didn't get angry instead sighed. He was angry but he felt his anger will be wasted if he can't do anything.

"Oh!" Emperor Lewis didn't prey deeper into his secrets and changed his expression. His anger instantly flashed away instead anxiety took over him.

As for Fire Emperor, he didn't care too much. His disciples had all the qualities but not the high-level strength. So, he was little assured about them getting a chance to reach the top ten.

On the tournament ground,

Mike was a little bit startled by the third stage. But, he simply doesn't care too much about it since his entire focus was on the ladies. He turned his head at Alena and said "That's awesome! How about we leave now?"

'Dude! This the worst time possible to ask something like that.' Everyone who heard his words gave him a glare but couldn't do anything.

Ava shook her head and said "It seems like I need to discuss this with my team. I should go back."

She turned around and moved away. Seeing this everyone shifted their gaze to Mike to look at his reaction only to find him walking near Alena.

"Miss Alena, if it's not a problem then how about joining my team?"

Ava halted her steps hearing Mike's words. She thought he would try to convince her but he easily let her go. At this moment, Alena pointed her finger at Ava and said "Aren't you going to invite her?"

"Oh! Since Miss already has a team, I don't think it will be a good idea to call her. More importantly, I can't call someone who will immediately change their mind. A team needs someone who can stick to one decision." Although his voice wasn't loud, Ava still heard him.

She clenched her fist as she fumed with anger and turned around. She walked in front of Mike and said "What did you say? Care to repeat again!"

"Oh! Since Miss already has a team, I don't think it will be a good idea to call her. More importantly, I can't call someone who will immediately change their mind. A team needs someone who can stick to one decision." Hearing her words, Mike nods his head and repeats his previous without a second thought.

"You! Who do you think you are to judge me?" Ava pointed her finger at him. At this moment, she was looking down on him since she was six feet while Mike was only five feet eleven inches.

"I'm sorry Miss but you seem to have got the wrong idea about me. I was neither trying to cling to you nor judge you. I was simply asking a beautiful girl for a cup of coffee. And, since you changed your mind so swiftly I thought you can't stick to your thoughts." Mike simply gave her a bow and explained although it was a pure lie.

He was clinging to her but he can't say that.

"And, how did you decide that I would agree? What makes you think of such possibility?" Ava got mad at his honest face and answer. He didn't even blink to make it seem like a lie.

Mike didn't answer her directly. He touches his chin and mumbled "Why do I think that? Huh! That's a tough question!"

"I am clearly not handsome enough." Mike took out the mirror in front of everyone and examined his own face. Then, he thought deeply making everyone dumbfounded. They looked at him with their jaws open.

"Yes, I know the answer." Mike snaps his finger as he finally thinks of the reason and speaks "Because I am a genius and you are a curious girl."

Putong!

'Dude! How can you be so shameless?' Everyone fell on their head upon hearing his answer. The crowd couldn't hear him since they were in the middle. But, seeing their reaction, everyone was confused.

Except for those Kings and Emperors, most of them couldn't hear his words. Mad Beast Emperor was laughing like a maniac after hearing his words. Emperor Lewis had a cold sweat seeing his shamelessness.

Fire Emperor smacked his forehead as he also feared about his disciple. After all, both of his disciples will be in groups with Mike and Olive. One of his disciples is male while other was female. More importantly, his lady disciple always acts like a slut.

He couldn't do anything since her innate ability makes her that. He could only sigh at his disciple's fate

"You? Ahhhh!" Ava felt like strangling Mike but seeing that innocent and straight expression on his face, she couldn't bring herself to do it. It had nothing to do with cuteness. He was just straightly looking at her eyes without even blinking for a moment.

"Let's go!" Suddenly, she catches his hand and walks away between the participants. For a moment, nobody was able to understand what just happened. Even Mike was startled by her actions. He suddenly touches his face and mumbles "I did check my face. I don't think I have become more handsome."

When Ava heard him, she almost hit the ground. But she didn't stop.

Behind her, Olive was left conflicted. She didn't know what to do. And more importantly, she fears Alena had already guessed about her boyfriend's lie.

But deep down, she bitterly smiled because she had already guessed what Alena thinks of her. Nothing has changed. Even her closest friend has changes

"Are you going to let others take your boyfriend away?" Alena suddenly appeared behind Olive and whispered in her ears, freaking her out for a moment.

Olive freaked out like a rabbit as she backed down. But Alena caught her hands and dragged her away "Let's go! If we got late, she might rob him away."

While they got away, they didn't notice few cold eyes looking deeply at them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Miss, you still haven't told me your name." While running away with her, Mike asked. He was still unsure whether his choice was right or wrong. He didn't know she is a vampire. All he knows is that she must be one of the half-breeds since she was one with the half-elf.

Her red pupils and red hairs weren't abnormal. So, it was hard to recognize the difference.

"Even without knowing my name, you want to invite me for a cup of coffee. Just what are you thinking?" Ava was completely confused about Mike. She didn't understand his objective at all.

She thought of many possibilities among them would be flirting with her. But he doesn't seem to be doing that. Or rather, he sucks at flirting. But she didn't consider that option since he was fluently asking her for a cup of coffee.

"Of course, I wanted to invite you because I love beauty. You see a few days ago I had trauma when I saw the ugliest things in the world. That's why I was trying to spend time with beauties to heal my trauma." Mike answered with an innocent and honest expression. His answer was once again half-truth and half-false.

"You are Mike Tyson, a disciple of Mad Beast Emperor. You awakened an evolutionary innate ability just like your master. You came from Ethen State. If I am not wrong then your state must have been through a war against the creatures from hell, right?" Ava thought of every single piece of information she had about Mike and asked him.

Mike stayed silent after hearing her question. When he lifted his head, his eyes were twinkling as he asked "Miss, are you in love with me?"

Putong!

Suddenly, Ava fell to the ground, hitting her head on it. She stood up with rage and shouted "What makes you think that?"

"Uhhh! Sorry, I thought you were in love with me since you know so much about me." Mike made an innocent expression and burying his head down.

"Can this be even considered knowing too much?" Ava almost freaked out and spills her rage at Mike.

"Umm! But, if we consider this between us, it would be a lot. Since I know almost nothing about you." Mike made an innocent expression once again while explaining to her. He knows he doesn't have a cute face to make an innocent expression but he was willing to give it a try.

He just didn't know that he had watched so much anime with cute girls, he can subconsciously use it. More importantly, his brain has also picked up the cute expression of a child. And, his height was giving him another bonus.

Ava looked at his innocent expression and felt like going berserk. Because she couldn't even yell at him. That innocent expression was too much of something to be fake. She took a deep breath and said "Alright, my name is Ava. Since you have invited me for a cup of coffee, then I will gladly accompany you. But what about those girls?"

Although she looked at them, she didn't indicate their presence. She tried to mention them to hear his answer.

Only then Mike felt a chill behind his back. He blinked his eyes for a moment and made a god-damn serious expression, saying "Miss Ava, you are insulting me. I am a man of my word. Since I invited Miss Olive and Miss Alena, I will bring them back. Of course, if they do not come with me, I can't force them just like I didn't force you."

At this moment, Ava felt like hitting Mike on his head. But she controlled her urge while Mike turned around him.

"Ehhh! You two ladies were here?" Mike made a fake surprised expression and asked. At this moment, he couldn't help but thank his past self for having different sorts of the hobby. He was the type of guy who gave one year of his life in everything.

From dancing to singing to beatbox to acting, he tried everything from the age of eight. Well, he didn't get to try everything like golf or rugby. But he did try most of the common hobbies among people.

"Thank you for coming with me!" Mike gave them a slight bow and thanked them. After they got his thanks, they couldn't even refuse especially Olive. As for Alena, she didn't care. But she was indeed surprised.

After that, four of them walked towards the coffee shop where everyone around them looked dumbfounded. While walking with them, Mike thought 'I need to be more careful. My flirting skills aren't good yet. I need to be better at this.'

'I can make them accept each other since my little dragon enters their cave but it will be hard until then. So, I need to be careful to hit a single girl at a time. Thankfully, God of Sex didn't reincarnate me into an ancient world of cultivation otherwise it would be harder than this.'

'After all, modern world girls are much more open-minded. Now, for the next step, I must use Alena.'

While brewing the plan in his mind, he walked inside the coffee shop. The coffee shop owner was confused when he saw Mike walking in with three ladies. And, one of them was the new girl. But since this was his second time, he didn't care too much.

"Miss Ava, Miss Olive, how about you two order the coffee for four of us? I have a short work with Miss Alena. We will be back in a minute." Saying so, he instantly grabbed Alena's hand and dragged her out. His speed was naturally fast and so they couldn't ask him anything.

In an instant, he took her to a silent place. It was a playground. Upon reaching there, he stopped and speak "Okay, let's make this interrogation short and sweet."

"Why did you betray your boyfriend?" Mike's instant interrogation startled her for a moment but she quickly recovered and answered "Because I wanted to be your girlfriend, not a sex slave."

"Although there is a requirement to be my girlfriend, we can discuss that later. Second question, do you know anything about your boyfriend?" Mike nods his head and asked her.

"Ex-boyfriend to be exact, and yes, I do have every bit of information about him. But, we don't have the time to discuss it, do we?" Alena replied with a nod.

"Alright, we can discuss it late at night. Third question, can you help me by letting those girls stay a long time with me?" Mike asked without any trace of shame.

"You are asking me to help you getting other girls after making me this wet." She took his finger and slides into her clit giving him a soft and damp sensation.

"If you help me, then I will pound you until you pass out. But, I can only do that after the end of the tournament. If you want before that, I can only give you a normal pounding even so it will be the best experience you ever had." Mike made a serious expression and whispered.

Seeing his serious expression, she slowly pushes his finger deep as he activates his Pleasure Hand and spoke "My cunt has taken more than sixty different types of dicks. From big to small, thick to thin, irregular to cylindrical, hard to soft, every type of dicks has entered my cunt."

"But once I lose my interest in them, I break their dicks and kill them. So, beware of what you say. I know you have Mad Beast Emperor as your backing but if you can't satisfy me. Believe me or not, I will make you regret hitting me even if I can't kill you."

Saying so, he took out his hand. Although she said some threatening words, her expression was turning slutty as his finger remained inside her.

Mike was literally shocked by her words. But, soon a burst of laughter escaped his mouth "Hehehe! Hahaha! Hahaha! Okay, since you want to play that way, let it be. If I don't make you beg for my dick for the second time, then I will stop my harem."

At this moment, a bolt of lightning hits his head. A breathtaking pain struck his head but he didn't scream. He didn't know why that happened but he can't make a weak posture in front of her. After that, he caught her and took her back to the coffee shop.

His plan was rather simple. He wanted to use Sex Aura and if possible Pleasure Hands to stimulate them. But if they find it awkward then, they could easily leave. So, he needs Alena's help to make them stay. Though it is quite shameful, he can't quit it.

After all, Claire had already clarified it. He doesn't have time to waste around. Of course, this doesn't mean he won't give his own try. After all, he was only stimulating them for sex with his divine abilities. To invite them and make them feel positive around him, he needs to rely on his own ability.

That means he needs to learn how to impress a girl.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Lightning Dragon Sword Art- Lightning Hurricane"

Holding two swords in his hand, Lucas leaped on the air and spun. Along with his body, the sword generates a massive hurricane by conjuring wind. The lightning traveled through his hands and coats his two swords.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

Two lightning swords generate the lightning around the hurricane that was sharp as a sword. When the hurricane moves towards the group of brown apes, it slaughtered them like chopping a chicken. The lightning bolt revolved with the hurricane, piercing through those apes.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!

"Hu! Finally got enough EXP." When the dead bodies fell on the ground, Lucas puts both of his swords in their respected sheath hanging on each side of his waist.

After four days of regular sword slaughter, he finally got two ranks up. His swordsmanship also improved a lot as he started Two Swords Style. It was a little hard but with the Sword Book given by Mad Beast Emperor, he quickly adjusted himself.

Unlike other power systems, swordsmen have a unique power system. For a swordsman, Sword Believe is the most important aspect. While learning swordsmanship alone for almost a week, he got the gist of his own Sword Believe.

After he entered the Ascending to Godhood, he began to push himself to the limit to comprehend the Sword Believe. From the Sword Book, he understood the levels of Sword Believe. When swordsmanship believes in something, he walks on that path to prove something.

But Lucas had nothing to prove. He only wanted revenge. So, he took an entire week to convert his thirst for revenge into Sword Believe of Protection. Yes, he transformed his thirst for revenge into a Will to protect his people so that he won't lose anyone like he lost his brother.

When he finally built his Sword Believe, he awakened the Sword Will. It was the first level of Sword Believe. And the second level holds Sword Spirit. Once he manifests Sword Spirit, he can finally condense a Sword Soul.

That will be the third level. Sword Soul is not a mere Will or spirit. It is a complete entity like a human soul. And finally, the last level of Sword Believe would be Sword Intent. Once he forms the Sword Intent, he can battle against all kinds of geniuses in the same realm.

Lucas takes a deep breath before he asks for a level-up. In an instant, cool energy flows in his veins and improves his body while creating a seventh core on the back of his neck. This breakthrough didn't take long. After his level up, he dashes outside the forest and moves towards the city.

He had already played enough. So, he wanted to return back. After he logs out of the Ascending to Godhood, his body replaced the clone. Taking out his helmet, he stands up and walked out of his room.

When he opened the door, Lauren who was cooking dinner with Jenny instantly heard it and said "Lucas, go to market and bring back a kilogram of meat. Also, only that must be the chicken breast."

Hearing his sister's order, he could only sigh and return back to his room. Stuffing a debit card in his pocket, he walks out with a sulking expression. His cold and sharp look was no longer present in his expression.

"Are you sure you don't need it?" Jenny turned her head at Lauren and spoke.

"Nah! I told you about my next plan, right? With that, my strength will definitely soar." Lauren shook her head and answered.

"By the way, I was waiting for an opportunity to ask this. Can I tag along with you guys?" Jenny hesitated for a moment but finally mustered up the courage to ask.

"Can't you control yourself to stay away from Mike for few days?" Lauren sighed at her expression and asked.

"No! I am not coming just because of him. You are going inside a Forbidden Dungeon. Obviously, I want to tagalong." Jenny shook her hand and tried to explain with an acute and flustered expression.

"Alright, but let me remind you. We aren't going alone. There is a team where I am one of the core members. This team decided to clear the Forbidden Dungeon. It was just a stroke of luck that my goal is also in that place." Lauren thought for a moment before replying to her.

Although Lauren agreed, at last, she didn't forget to warn Jenny.

Just when Jenny was about to say something, she noticed an unnatural expression on Lauren's face. She swallowed her words and waited till Lauren speaks.

"Jenny, can you promise me one thing?"

"Just say the word!" Jenny smiled and gave her a thumbs up.

Lauren hesitated for a moment and finally spoke "Scarlet Stagroar! I heard about her from Lucas. Jenny, after this dungeon raid, if I ever start acting like her. Can you slap me to remind me about myself?"

"Huh!" Jenny was utterly surprised by her words. But, soon a bright smile appeared on her face as she nods her head. Then, they continued their cooking.

"By the way, we have a guest tonight. So, we need to make an extra portion." When Jenny saw Lauren cutting vegetables, she spoke.

"Huh! Who is the guest?" Lauren asked with confusion as she stopped cutting the vegetables.

"It's Sunny. She said she had finished selecting the building and also hired some necessary staff. All she needs is an advertisement which she left in the hands of her assistant. I was surprised by her proficiency in the field of business. Even though she is slightly running over the budget, it's still great considering her age." Jenny spoke with an astonished expression as she explained more.

"But, I don't understand. Why did Mike think of opening such business?" Lauren was also surprised by her but her reaction wasn't as big as Jenny's since she doesn't understand the business properly. In just three days, Sunny not only hired the workers but also established the company.

Not to mention, she is still a sixteen-year-old. Though, age really doesn't matter that much.

"He said he wanted to become a God of Sex," Jenny smirked and answered but soon both of them burst out laughing.

"Hahaha! Hahaha! Does he even know what God of Sex means?"

......….

Inside the Café

Mike was sitting with three ladies at each side.

"Achoo!" Suddenly, Mike sneezed and murmured, "Is someone cursing me?"

"Are you alright?" Olive asked with little irritation on her expression.

"I am just sad that this talk is going to end so soon." Mike sighed as he showed her a discouraged expression.

He was gloating about the fact that none of them were moving out even though he was using Sex Aura. That made things pretty amazing. But, their talk was too short.

After ten minutes, Olive and Ava decided to leave making Mike smash his head on the ground. But Mike quickly accepted it since it was already 5 pm. He also had something to do. He didn't linger around with Alena and returned back to his room.

After having an early dinner, he went to his room and sat on the bed. He took a deep breath and finally fell into deep thought 'Although I wanted to talk more with the ladies, I have figure out a solution to face that half-elf.'

'My strength should be equal to that of High-Level geniuses, so why in the hell I felt life-threatening danger against those half-breeds? Something is not adding up! Either master is hiding something from me or is it me who hasn't reached High-Level Geniuses rank?'

'Currently, I can't improve anything. Wait a freaking minute, I remembered something. Claire, there are two remaining quests, right? One is a monthly quest while another is a yearly quest. This thing always bothered me but I never got a chance to ask it.'

'Is Pioneer Body Evolution the same as Unique Talent Evolution? I have a feeling that Pioneer Body is not related to my unique ability. So, what is it then?' Mike suddenly asks Claire making her startled.

'Host, I can't answer you correctly. Just remember 'Yin and Yang created chaos, the chaos created Pioneer and Pioneer created everything.' Now, find the answer by yourself.' Claire didn't explain anything instead gave him a hint.

'So, where was I? Yes, I was searching for a method to improve my strength. From those comics and anime I've watched, there is a certain method that the main character needs to find to improve himself. These methods lie within his body. So, I need to find a way that can give me a significant boost of strength during battle.' Mike gradually sunk himself in his thoughts and completely forgot about the hint given by Claire.

His idea was simple. Let time reveal everything. He doesn't want to waste his brain cells to find the meaning hidden in those words.

More importantly, he had something really important to do. This night, he wants to create a trump card.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, this is our group huh!" Mike was standing with three girls and a boy. They were Olive, Tori, Alena, and Andrew.

"Yep! We have already registered your group. Your group is also participating in the first round. It will be interesting so get ready for the Five on Five Match." Mad Beast Emperor smirked and explained him standing behind Mike.

"This is more like a survival match instead of five on five." Mike corrected after hearing the title of the third stage.

"You could say indeed say that. But, you will be fighting one team at a time, so it will still be five on five matches unless you are an idiot to face multiple teams at the same time." Mad Beast Emperor nods his head but indeed up correcting Mike in return.

"So, do you know anything about our opponents?" Mike asked as he touches his chin.

"Nope! Although we learned about our round, we couldn't find a single piece of information about other teams. They will be revealed the moment you jump from the airship. And more importantly, they will only be revealed to us."

"You will be kept in a complete dark." Mad Beast Emperor shook his head and answered.

"Oh! Then, what about the assembly before entering the Virtual Space? Don't tell me that everyone will attend the battlefield even if they are not in the first round?" Mike asked him with confusion upon hearing his answer.

"It's not compulsory but you don't want to reduce points, do you?" Mad Beast Emperor mysterious smiled giving him an answer which was supposed to be a hint.

Finally, Mike nods his head and glances at his teammates. He extended his clenched fist and said "How about we introduce each other with a fist bump?"

Everyone was surprised to hear that but still nodded their head with a smile on their face. Since Mike's fist was first, he spoke "My name is Mike Tyson. My cultivation is the same as yours. Since I have nothing to hide. Dual Innate Abilities with a space gene."

Most of them already knew that so they nodded their head. Tori extended her hand and bumped on his fist, speaking "My name is Tori Pratt. I am sixteen and my favorite hobby is admiring cute things. My innate ability is Nine Tail Fox Spirit"

"Oh!" Except for Andrew, others were surprised at her introduction.

After Tori, Andrew joined them and spoke "My name is Andrew Matt. My cultivation realm is the same as everyone. As for my innate ability, it's Undying Flames. I can heal almost every wound."

Saying so, he released his innate ability which was in the form of blue flames with faint yellow stripes. This flame was burning around them but it wasn't hot.

"Cool!" Feeling the flame all around him, Mike was genuinely impressed. It can't hurt him but who cares if it can heal him. In the battle, healing can be a powerful resource especially in a battle like this one.

"But, you must have some offensive moves, right?" Alena asked as she looked at his flames.

Andrew nods his head and spoke, "Although my innate ability can't help me during the battle, I can still fight on my own."

Alena nods her head and spoke "My name is Alena Babbage. My innate ability is Age Manipulation. I can make someone younger or older. With my current strength, I can only manipulate age by ten years. Of course, my ability is not permanent at least not if I change you within twenty-four hours."

"In other words, I can turn some ten years younger. Then, they will lose their capability to fight. Unfortunately, I can't use this ability more than ten times. So, I can only use it against two groups."

Her ability brought an immense shock to everyone. Her ability was overpowered and it could only be countered with Spirit or Blessing. If someone without a spirit fights her, then it would be a one-sided slaughter.

Though, her ability has many restrictions.

Finally, Olive extended her fist and said "My name is Olive Xavier. My innate ability is Berserk."

Her introduction was short but it didn't bother them. Finally, Mike tilts his head and says "Let's go!"

All four nodded their head and walked towards the battlefield. Unfortunately, it was just a simple ground for today. Since they won't be fighting here. Along with Mike, nearly five two thousand five hundred participants stood together in the ground.

Meanwhile, MC walked onto the main stage, and with the microphone on him, he shouts "Hello Everyone! Welcome to the third exciting stage of the Genius Tournament. This time we are being a little creative by separating the tournament into several stages."

"As I have already explained the rules, we should bid farewell to our first round participants with a round of applause."

But even before they could react to the claps, thousand people disappear at the same time. There were three rounds. The first two rounds include thousand of people participating in ten different forests. Since this battle would go on for ten hours, it would be unwise to send a hundred participants at once.

This also maintains mystery as it would be hard to guess the opponent that you will face. After Mike and his disappearance, they appeared in the middle of an airport. Surprisingly, they were wearing a bag.

Mike looked around and saw airspace on the right side. There was a man standing near the plane.

Once they reach there, the man suddenly became active and greeted them "Hello Participants! Would you like to take this airship?"

It was a small airship. All other airships were small as well. Mike nods his head and the man took them behind. Upon opening the door, five of them entered the airship while the man entered the pilot seat.

In an instant, the airship took off. Mike and others looked at each other but none of them spoke.

"So, what plan do we have?" Alena broke the silence with her words.

Mike hurriedly put the bag in front of them and opened it. Just as he predicted, he found a huge map of the forest. The map had lots of trees and nothing else. Though there were some lines dividing the forest into several parts.

"Alright, our plan is very simple. We will drop at the middle." Mike pointed his finger at the middle of the forest and spoke.

"But, won't other teams drop at that same place as well?" Andrew asked when he heard Mike's words.

"Yes, but it doesn't matter. Our main priority is airbags. If we need a good score, we need more bags. So, once we land on the ground, Andrew will climb up the tree and search for the airbags. Since we would be in the middle, we can cover a large area."

"Currently, my speed should be the best among us. With my speed and teleportation, I move around and take away the airbags the moment they fall on the ground." Mike explained as he looked at Andrew with serious eyes.

"Your teleportation must have some kinds of limitations, right? What are you planning to do about them? And, what if the airbag falls in other teams' zone?" Alena looked at him and asked with seriousness in her voice.

"That's even better, isn't it? I can drag other teams and you four can plan an ambush. If we succeed, we can take down an entire team, making it easier for us. As for my teleportation, I can teleport anywhere within hundred meters. And, yes I can only teleport for less than ten times due to the stamina consumption." Mike nodded his head with a smirk on his face.

"You are right. But, we don't want to be tired during this battle. After all, this is a ten-hour-long survival battle. So, we must consider everything carefully. There are twenty teams. And, we can also be ambushed by other teams, so we must keep this in mind and plan carefully."

"If you outright fight other teams, then it will only cause destruction. And, it might get the attention of other remaining teams. So, we can only attack the team if we secure the surrounding. More importantly, we can't necessarily win every time. After all, personal strength doesn't matter much in this kind of battle." Alena nods her head and directly refuses his plan.

"Ehh!" Mike was startled by her words. He could only look at her speechlessly. But, she was indeed correct. He never considered those points since he doesn't like using his brain too much. If I can punch you to death, why should I think more about it?

Confident in his own strength, this is one of the attitudes he needs to grow. Since he hasn't included using his brain during battle attitude, he really doesn't think too much. But this doesn't mean he does what he pleases, at least not in a dangerous situation like this.

So, he agrees to her plan. Suddenly, a voice rang from the pilot seat "We have reached the edge of the Forest. Please choose your destination!"

Hearing this voice, Mike nods his head at Alena. Landing in the middle of the forest doesn't matter much to her, so she agreed on it as they registered their destination.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Your Destination has arrived. Please move on!"

As the pilot's voice rang, the door in front of them opened. Everyone had the bag which had parachutes on it. So, it wouldn't be hard for them to land.

Upon receiving the signal, everyone jumped down from the airship and fell at an immense speed. They were almost five thousand meters above the ground. Fortunately, everyone had shared their knowledge so they had no problem on landing.

But Mike was inexperienced, so when he reached a hundred meters near the ground, he used to teleport to land safely. This was his first-time sky diving. He was a little scared of landing.

Upon landing, everyone scanned their surroundings. Alena looked at Andrew and pointed her finger to the top of the tree.

Andrew immediately understood her and climbed up a tall tree. But, there was another tree taller than the one he climbed, so he jumped to another tree like a monkey and climbed up. Finally, he reached the top in two minutes.

Until then, the other four had already secured the surrounding. Each tree had a gap of nearly one meter. These trees were not very thick either. Well, some they were but most of them were still thin.

"All clear!" Andrews had a microphone attached to his mouth and everyone had an ear pod with a microphone to communicate.

"Ground is also clear! Andrew, keep an eye on everything! As for us, let's wait." Alena acted as leader, giving him a command and discussing with others.

"Hey, I see the first drop. Northwest direction! Probably three miles away!" Suddenly, Andrew shouted on their ears through those ear pods. But his words instantly made a proper instruction.

"Mike, you will go there as we planned. But before attacking them, try to figure out whether it is safe or not." Alena reminded him as he nods his head and moved towards the northwest at great speed.

He used Storm Steps to leap hundreds of meters in a single leap. With his speed, he crossed three miles in just a few minutes. At this moment, the airdrop was still in the air. He slightly moved his gaze everywhere but didn't see anyone.

He instantly used the storm steps to cross several meters and caught the airdrop. There was one problem with the airdrop. It has a smoke indicator attacked to it. After catching it in the air, he instantly separates the smoke indicator and threw it away.

Without wasting for a single second, he rushed back to his main base.

Boom!

But when he reached his base camp, a giant fireball exploded in front of him. For a moment, his heart shook. When the smoke and flames extinguished, he saw four bodies on the ground. They were bloody wounded with lots of burnt skin.

In the middle, there was a man or rather a Half-Elf standing. He looked at Mike with a creepy smile and said "Sese! Sese! See! So, you finally decided to join."

At this moment, Mike dropped the bag on the ground. The lightning burst out of him, soaring to the sky. The Brute Force passed to each and every limb in his body.

"Bastard!"

With a crazy roar resounding throughout the forest, Mike rushed towards Aarav with red eyes. There was nothing but anger on his face. He couldn't believe four of his teammates will be destroyed the moment it started.

"Tyrant Lightning Dragon"

The Blue Brute Essence infused with his fist as he moved forward. Upon reaching a certain distance, he stopped himself and slammed a punch with his ongoing momentum. The lightning released out of his fist, transforming into the shape of the dragon.

The immense brute force jerked the dragon forward with that immense momentum. Aarav saw the lightning dragon coming and raised his right hand. The fire energy transformed into a circling mythical red dragon and was released out of his finger.

"Fire Conjuring Dragon"

The red dragon moved forward while harnessing the power from nature. It grew from a small tiny dragon to a giant dragon-like lightning dragon.

Boom!

The fire dragon and lightning dragon collided with an immense wave of destruction. The forest shook with the impact, the bodies of those four flew away with the impact. The ground beneath the collision changed into a massive crater.

Bang!

At first, both had equal power. But as time passes, the flame dragon grew even larger until it completely decimated the lightning dragon and flew towards Mike. The massive flame dragon not only released an immense heat but also the impact on its rush.

Mike didn't get the time to dodge as he was slammed into the tree by the impact of the collision. When he lifted his head when he sensed an immense heat, then his suddenly turned red.

Boom!

Engulfing him inside, the flame dragon exploded, razing the ground, burning those trees.

Whoosh!

"Earth Shield" In an instant, a massive chunk of soil transformed into a cave and shielded the Half-Elf.

Bang!

Suddenly, a sharp spear made out of lightning struck the earth's shield and created an immense wave of impact.

Whoosh!

The moment the earth shield exploded into pieces along with the lightning spear, a man appeared in front of Aarav with the lightning bursting out of his leg. Mike's body was floating on air as his leg was about to kick Aarav.

"Mirror Reflection!" Bang!

Suddenly, countless light particles appeared out of the surroundings and formed a giant mirror between the leg and his left side. The moment lightning struck the mirror, it reflects all of the lightning with twice the impact. So, when the brute force of his leg smashed the mirror, the impact released by the mirror collided with it.

It's like using his attack to attack him. Suddenly, Aarav extended his right hand with his clenched fist. The dark blue metallic armor was covering his hand as it struck Mike's stomach.

Bang! Crash! Thud!

When his fist hits Mike's stomach, it sends him flying. The metallic hand creates an immense impact causing him to crash on a tree a hundred meters away. Upon crashing with the tree, his body fell on the ground as he coughs blood out of his mouth.

"Kah!"

"You might be wondering why I am losing so quickly. After all, I didn't use my physical strength nor did I use any genetic abilities. Well, it's not your fault even though you possess dual S-Rank innate abilities. It's your racial fault."

"You see, as an elf, I can use nature's energy to empower each of my strikes. Not only that, but I can also burrow the power from nature for immediate use. This is the difference between us. Are you wondering why I am talking so much about this?"

"Well, you see, I asked one of the girls from your group to become my concubine. But, she rejected me. Do you know why? She said 'I can't be your concubine because you are a Half-Elf. And now, she is down there half dead."

"You are insulting me because I am a Half-Elf? Then, let me show you the power of an Elf."

Saying so, a terrifying amount of energy is released around them.

"Hehehehehe! Hehehehe!" Suddenly, a gloomy laugh came from Mike's mouth. He slowly stood up with blood gushing out of his head and chest. His muscles and upper clothes burnt to ashes. Even so, he smiled as he looked at Aarav and asked "Do you really not understand why she rejected you?"

"...…." Aarav looked at him with sharp eyes but didn't speak.

"From the load of crap that you said, I can guess that you love being an Elf and hate being a human, right?" Mike asked with a smirk on his face.

"Of course! As an Elf, I can get all this glory and strength. But as a human, I can only eat dust. This is the difference in our race." Aarav made a proud expression as he shouted at Mike.

"That's why she rejected you. She will reject every single race except humans. Do you know why? Because we humans are the only race that can produce a man to satisfy her. Elves are nothing but mere sex toys. Do you want to know why Elves are sold as a slave?"

"Do you know why elves are treated as sex slaves? Because they don't possess the strength to dominate your partner. I am not talking about physical strength or cultivation. Do you know why humans can survive every single catastrophe you throw at them? Because they rely on stamina."

"As a human, you don't have an enormous body like a giant to shatter the mountain. As a human, you don't have enormous energy to create manipulate elements. As a human, you only have stamina. Human's hands are weak, short, and even less dense."

"But they can work hard. What other races achieve by power. We achieve it through hard work. All of this is because of stamina. Your elf race can't dominate your partner in bed. Because you don't have enough stamina. Dragons can't breed for thousands of years. Because they don't have the stamina to fuck their partner 365 days in a year."

"She rejected you because you are weak as a man. A strong woman doesn't let a man ride her. A strong woman always rides on a man. A strong man doesn't satisfy himself. A strong man satisfies his woman. We, humans, are always the last person standing whether it is on the bed or a battlefield because of our stamina."

Mike stopped his speech, took a deep breath, and raised both of his fists. He looked at Aarav and said, "Let me show you the power of Stamina!"

"God of Sex Version 1.0: Zombie Mode"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Yesterday Evening,

'Huh, man! This is so freaking hard to guess. Just what should I use as my trump card? Normally, the trump card is something that can significantly increase my chances to win over the situation that I will be facing in the future.'

'Strength! Normally, those situations will occur when I will need an extra pound of strength. But, what exactly can give me the strength. I can't possibly improve my muscles or bones since I can't use dragon blood.'

'Wait a minute, I am lacking stamina and intelligence from my status. But both of them can't be increased right now. If I run out of ability energy and stamina, that would be a disastrous situation. Hmm! I can certainly use an overload of ability energy to finish the battle quickly.'

'But, I don't think lightning could work against those guys. They are masters of elements. That means I might need to rely on my brute force. Even so, it doesn't significantly boost my strength. To use a high amount of brute force, I need better physical strength.'

This puts Mike into deep thought. This thought was so long that Mike finished a short twenty minutes nap without having any ideas. But just when he was about to give up, an idea rang on his brain.

'What is this world? No, if I was present in my previous world, what would I call this world? A world of superheroes? A world of high-tech machines? A world of cultivation? Or, simply a post-apocalyptic world? ...….. Yes, I would call this a post-apocalyptic world.'

'And, what would be the most prominent creature of this world? A zombie! Those zombies were so hard to fight against even when they lose their ability. Okay, let check this internet!'

Making up his mind, he instantly scrolled through several websites to learn more about the zombies.

Superhuman Strength, A brain that doesn't work properly, and immense consumption of stamina.

After sorting out many details, Mike finally came up with a plan 'Like zombies, if I can use my muscle to its full strength, then I can easily improve my battle strength. My brain doesn't allow that since it can prove the fatigue in my body.'

'So, if I make my brain stop working then, I can fully release my strength. But, I will die that way. So, what I need to do is not completely make my brain useless, rather make a part of it. What was that called? Neuromuscular junction, is it?'

'I hope I won't die. Let's try this out! But what can I use to disable my brain function? ...….. Lightning! With twenty percent synchronization, I can easily control the paralyzes effect of the lightning. So, I need to strike my brain with lightning.'

'But, this won't be enough right. Is there anything else I can do? Maybe something like Adrenaline. Except Lighting, I only have Brute Force left. Will it even work? If so, how?'

...…..

At the current battle,

Aarav summons an immense amount of energy from nature to create a fireball that was as big as the size of a meteorite. Seeing this, Mike contracted his eyes and stomped on the ground. He could run away but it would certainly strike his teammates.

But, facing such a massive fireball, he showed no fear whatsoever. He clenched his fist and surges brute force inside the adrenal gland. In an instant, crazy lightning flashes in his eyes. His entire body became much more energetic than a zombie.

That brute force was only a small part. The remaining brute force was spreading through his body from his hand fingers to his feet. He was holding his body with brute force.

"I don't know how it works. But it works. So, let's smash!" Mike clenched his fist and extended it to punch the massive fireball.

Bang! Boom! Whoosh!

The impact of his punch shattered the fireball into pieces but it ended exploding. Suddenly, he swiftly kicks the air, creating a massive air pressure that swept away the frightening explosion. In the sky, he uses the Gravity Domain to float while looking down on Aarav with a big smirk on his face.

"Damn you human!" Seeing how Mike shattered his fireball, Aarav instantly got angry. The natural energy encircled around his hand, creating hundreds of light balls.

"Explosions Rain!"

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Countless light balls shot at Mike and exploded around him. But suddenly, the gravity control released a powerful force field that got contained with the brute force, blocking the impact of the explosion.

'Can I call it Gravity Shield?'

This was the first time he was fighting on both brain and instinct. That creation of force field was his instinct while the brute force was his brain. But not wasting any more seconds, he rushed towards Aarav who created a massive sword of iron.

Bang! Crack! Crack! Bang!

The giant sword slashed towards Mike. Seeing this sword, Mike didn't dodge it. At this moment, he was not only full of energy but also using his full strength. He floated up and easily caught the sword. The collision of his hand and sword created a powerful impact but it got blocked by his Gravity Shield.

Pressing his hands, he broke the metallic sword into pieces. It wasn't even a real sword. The sword made out of energy disappeared the moment he broke it. After breaking his sword, Mike looked at him with an indifferent expression and said "Are you done?"

"Don't be arrogant human! Nothing comes without a price! You are just burrowing the strength from something else." Aarav forehead veins popped out as he felt the humiliation of being looked down on by a human.

.....

Yesterday Evening,

'Claire, if I use this Zombie Mode, will I damage my brain?' While laying down on the bed after completing his Zombie Mode, Mike asked through his thoughts.

"As long as Host awakens Celestial Bloodline, you have nothing to worry about. Of course, if you use this mode many times before awakening the Celestial Bloodline, then your brain might get permanently damaged. So, as long as you use it properly, I don't see any potential threat."

...…

Mike created this mode but only when Claire gave him a clear review, he decided to use it. At this moment, he was using his stamina to its last drop. So, he finishes this battle quickly.

"Well, you are right. That's why I will make this quick." Just when Aarav heard this, he raised his hand to conjure the energy from the surroundings.

Whoosh!

But the next instant, Mike was already in front of him. Both were looking at each other with their eyes wide open as Mike extended his right hand to punch on Aarav face.

Boing! Bang!

His punch smashed him on the ground and the impact made him float once again. This time, he swipes his leg in mid-air and kicks on his neck.

"Pillar of Golden Light!"

Bang!

But when Aarav was kicked, both of his hands conjured the light element and created a giant pillar made out of the golden light. The pillar fell down smashing Mike to the ground.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Bang!

After few seconds, dozens of cracks began to appear on the pillar and the next moment it exploded into pieces. Mike instantly rose up in the sky as he saw Aarav running away using the wind element. The brute force on his feet smashed on the air and moved him several hundred meters away.

Whoosh! Bang!

Just when Mike closes his distance with Aarav, he swipes his right leg and attempting to kick him from behind but Aarav subconsciously dodges the kick. But in an instant, he spins and raises his left leg. The moment brute force fuses with his left leg, it smashes Aarav to the ground.

Bang!

Without wasting another second, Mike lands on the ground as well and walked towards Aarav. At this moment, his condition was very severe. With those kicks and punches, his bones were broken, muscles were torn and the skin was scratched.

"Just because you have the power of nature doesn't make you better. We humans always say that we can't fight against nature. Flood, heavy rain, earthquake, global warming, everything was the disaster two or three hundred ago."

"But now, none of these matters. Do you know why? Because we are now awakened. With these awakened abilities, we finally get to do what we couldn't do as normal humans. Even so, we wouldn't be here if it wasn't the fact we are humans."

"We reproduce, we die, and we adapt. These are the components that make us human." Mike instantly spins and throws him into the sky. He pressed his feet to the ground and make a giant leap, dashing even above him.

"I don't know why a piece of shit like you get the confidence to make my woman your concubine. But, if it is based on your strength. Then let me engrave this to your bones."

Bang!

Mike smashes his right fist on his face and continued "I swore to become the God of Sex. Nobody messes with my women. Because if I can't even protect my women, HOW CAN I CALL MYSELF A GOD OF SEX?"

Thud!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the punch, Mike instantly fell to the ground. His eyelid slowly covers his eyes and falls unconscious.

Suddenly, a girl walked out of the branches. She was none other than Ava. Her index finger was pressing her cheek as she thought 'Oh my god! I really want to hug him and kiss him. But, there are cameras and sound recorders everywhere. I shouldn't disgrace myself.'

'But, he was so damn cool. God of Sex! Is that why I felt so sexually frustrated about him yesterday? No wonder he could make my pussy wet just by sitting few minutes together. Calm down, Ava! Calm down! It's only ten hours. After that, you can do everything you want.'

Ava slightly moves towards Aarav. The blood-red string comes out of her finger and warps around Aarav. Covering him like a mummy, she places him on her shoulder and gave Mike a last look before leaving the battlefield.

"Cough! Cough! Cough!"

"Can anyone move?" After coughing few times, Andrew who was barely healed spoke with a tired expression.

"I can. Did Mike win?" Alena got in her fours and spoke while warped around by the blue flames. At this moment, the blue flames were wildly spreading around them.

"He did. But, we need to get him out of here. He has lost his consciousness." Andrew looked at the unconscious body of Mike and hoarsely said. Mike was not only unconscious but also got covered in wounds.

These wounds were serious. After all, his skin was burnt. His muscles were torn apart. And, his bones were cracked before all that impact. He had lost a majority of his blood too.

Alena nods her head and hurriedly walks closer to Mike.

"Hohoho! It seems we have some injured friends here. Not only injured friends but also an airbag." Suddenly, a burst of gloomy laughter rang in the forest. This startled the other fours. Alena who was near Mike panicked and turned around.

To their right, they saw a group of five men standing with different kinds of weapons on their hands.

"Andrew, how long will it take to heal Mike?" Olive slowly standing up while placing her palms on her knees to support herself.

"Olive, you can't go. You are not fine at all." Andrew instantly saw her condition and shouted.

"I have to go. I will use my Berserk Innate Ability this time. Take Mike away and heal him." Olive's breath surges as her innate ability instantly burst. This time she wasn't using her innate ability for the sake of skill alone. She was going for true berserk.

"Can't we just give them what they want? They won't dare to kill us since all of us has emperor as our backer." Andrew gritted his teeth and asked her wildly.

"NO! WE CAN'T." Olive's voice was so loud that even those five gained their attention. She turned her head at Andrew and said "I can die but I cannot lose. Failure is not allowed."

Whoosh!

Her hair went wild and the red aura covered her body. This aura was released out of her berserk energy. Her fingernails instantly transformed into ten long blades. With a slight press of her toe, she appeared in front of those five men, swinging her fingers from top to bottom.

One of those five men was holding a spear. He took a step forward and spun his body with a leap. As his spear rotates, it gathered a powerful momentum until it strikes against those nails from above.

Seeing this, Alena instantly took Mike's body and ran away.

"Charles, get them!"

The man holding the spear shouted as he saw running away. He can't afford to wake up Mike. If Mike wakes up, they will be slaughtered.

"Stay here!" Olive's voice was hoarse. She swings her body and her right-hand blades appeared in front of Charles. Not only those blades were sharp but also consist of immense energy. But Charles had a pair of swords.

Bang!

When she showed her blades, he instantly revealed his swords to block.

"Andrew, heal him!" Alena instantly reached near Andrew and placed Mike in front of him. Andrew nods his head but when he saw Tori standing up and walking away with Alena, he frowned and asked "What are you going to do?"

"While you heal Mike, we'll take care of them." Tori and Alena spoke simultaneously making Andrew dumbfounded.

'Didn't we plan to escape? Why does everyone want to fight so hard?' Seeing their serious expression, Andrew could only complain in his heart.

Ding!

With another collision of her blade fingers, Olive retreated few steps and moved closer to Alena and Tori.

"Master said there are only three levels of geniuses. But, that half-elf was above High-Level. So, even if we lost, we don't have to be ashamed. But for this battle, we absolutely can't lose." Tori spoke from the middle with a serious expression on her face.

"So, what's the plan?" Alena nods her head and asked.

Suddenly, Tori puts her palm on Alena and Olive. They were startled for a moment but soon relaxed as they feel powerful energy surging in their body. At this moment, Tori was releasing three tails made out of energy.

"Nine Tails Energy Manipulation Art- Three Tail Energy Transfer"

Tori was transferring her energy into Alena and Olive.

"Everyone attack!" Seeing Tori's tails, Charles got bad vibes and instantly shouted. With his words, the remaining four dashed towards Alena and others.

"You two fight and defeat them while I will guard Mike and Andrew. My junior needs better concentration while healing to make it much more effective." The moment she finished transferring energy, Tori instantly retreated near Mike and Andrew.

At this moment, Alena glanced at Olive and her serious expression. She instantly became silent for a moment until she speaks "Olive, can you forgive me?"

"Yeah!" A satisfied and charming smile appears on her face as Olive nods her head.

"You aren't going to ask me about what?" Alena was surprised by her words, so she asked.

"Do you think I wouldn't notice?" Olive turned her head at Alena and asked.

"Sorry!" Seeing that expression, Alena turned sad and apologized.

"Less talking, more fighting!" Suddenly, Olive stomped on the ground and rushed towards Charles and the spearman. Her long nails were coated with red energy that was blooming even more.

Ding! Ding!

She leaps on-air and spins. With her body's momentum, she instantly collides her finger blades against both spear and sword. Although Charles was using two swords, he couldn't bear her physical strength by a single hand.

'I never thought I would need to use it so soon.' Olive's eyes were dreadful when she got pushed back by them. Her body was also crumbling. She knew she can't use Berserk Energy for a long time. Suddenly, she closed her eyes.

Grrr-Growl

"Gene Ability- White Tiger Transformation"

In an instant, her figure changed. The white fur appeared on her body and the sharpness of her claws increased. Although she didn't transform completely, her strength instantly rose. At the same time, a massive domain appeared around them.

"Berserk Domain- Slaughter Dance under the Red Moon"

In an instant, the gloomy aura spread out of her. The red moon appeared in the sky while the entire forest turned red. With lightning speed, two long finger blades crossed several meters. When they reached another side, the blood drips from them.

Thud! Thud! Thud!

In an instant, Charles, the spearman, and Olive fell to the ground. Those white fur disappeared along with the white tiger phantom and those long claws. Her berserk energy also stopped surging out. But, her entire body was bleeding.

"Charles! Pollard!"

The moment they were on the ground, his teammates instantly shouted as they tried to rush towards them. But, suddenly a lightning bolt flashed behind them. Just when they turned around, the time around them slowed down.

"Gene Ability- Unicorns Lightning!"

When Alena used this ability, her speed increases so fast that the surrounding around her turns slow. With the power of lightning and the unicorn, she can move faster than light. Of course, not on her current cultivation.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

But using this ability, she instantly rushed towards them. While passing from each of them, she slaps them and turned those ten years younger.

zzzzzzzzzzzz

When she appeared in front of Olive, her lightning was already gone. She hurriedly caught Olive in her one hand and rushed away.

"Huh! What happened?" Those men who transformed into six-year-old kids looked at each other with confusion on their heads.

Alena appeared in front of Andrew and held Mike in her other hand. She turned around and spoke to Tori "Grab your junior in your back and let's go!"

"Wait! What?" Andrew who was healing Mike didn't understand her words. Since everything happened in less than a minute, he didn't even get a chance to heal Mike properly. But before he could say anything, Tori forcefully grabbed him and places him on her back.

"Andrew, it might be uncomfortable but try to heal Mike and Olive as soon as possible." While running away, Alena turned her head at Andrew and spoke with a serious expression on her face. That expression was so serious that Andrew gulped his saliva and nodded his head.

The blue flames spread out of him and covered all five of them. He didn't just heal Mike and Olive but also heal Alena and Tori.

"By the way, did you bring it?" Tori turned her head at Alena and asked.

"If I couldn't even bring that, how can I ever face her?" Alena nods her head as a sad expression appears on her face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Isn't your disciple a little bit too bold? How can he call himself with such an absurd title?" Fire Emperor turned his head at Mad Beast Emperor and asked him. He was literally speechless by Mike's last words.

"But, he is true, isn't he? If those muscle head dragons had the stamina like us, then they would have children with each other. No wonder, they fuck other races or rather I would say got fucked by other races." Mad Beast Emperor smirked with a charming smile on his face.

"That's not the point here. Just look at the crowd!" Fire Emperor slapped his forehead and pointed his hand at the crowd.

"Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!"

"God of Sex!" "God of Sex!" "God of Sex!" "God of Sex!" "God of Sex!" "God of Sex!" "God of Sex!" "God of Sex!" "God of Sex!" "God of Sex!"

The entire crowd was shamelessly cheering him up. Girls were burning red while shouting "Marry me, God of Sex!"

Even married women were charmed by his words. But, one thing was clear. Tonight, the brothels were destined to be full.

Inside the Virtual Space,

"Hey, I had a question to ask. If you and Olive had such a powerful trump card, why didn't you use it when we faced that half-elf?" While spreading his flames over five bodies, Andrew spoke with tired eyes.

"Because he was out of our league," Alena answered him but her eyes were filled with anger and despair.

"Even with those trump cards?" Andrew confusedly asked again. From his perspective, these trump cards were very powerful. After all, they used it when they were injured. If they had used it when they were fine, the result could be a lot better.

"You are such a dork. Didn't you hear what master explained to us yesterday?" Tori sighed and yelled at him.

"Are you talking about genius level? Wait, don't tell me he was High-Level Genius?" As her junior, he knows Tori was a Middle-Level Genius. But he was still confused because the half-elf defeated them so easily.

"No, he was a Superior-Level Genius. Master didn't mention this to us because he doesn't want us to feel down. There are only eight superior-level geniuses in the tournament. So, he didn't expect us to face him so soon. Our luck was really rotten."

"But, I am even more surprised that Mike was able to chase him away. I thought Mike was only a High-Level Genius. I guess he really fought to the death." Tori exactly understand just how big the gap between High-Level and Superior-Level geniuses is.

"Senior, Mike... He didn't chase away that half-elf. He defeated him." Andrew hesitantly told them about Mike's fight with Aarav. He wasn't awake until Mike entered Zombie Mode. So, he only told them about everything that happened after Mike entered Zombie Mode.

But, he hides those God of Sex craps. He didn't have the courage to say something like that in front of two ladies. Tori and Alena were surprised after listening to Andrew's words.

"So, he is tried because he used some kind of trump card to improve his strength, huh! That explains why he is not waking up even after healing so many wounds." Alena glanced at her left shoulder where she was holding Mike and muttered.

"Alright, less talking more running!" Tori spoke as she picks up the speed. Alena closely follows her. After ten minutes, they reach several miles away from their initial position. They made a big tree as their resting point.

It was only not big but also had a huge hole inside it.

"Andrew, you can stop now." As she said, Tori placed a tired Andrew to the ground beneath the tree. Alena also placed Olive and Mike near him. He looks at their wound and muttered "Thankfully, your flames healed those deeper wounds. Now, we can use the Healing Potions to heal the remaining wounds."

As she said, Alena took out the healing potions and made them swallow them.

"Can't these Healing Potions heal deeper wounds?" Andrew's eyes almost popped out when he saw those Healing Potions and asked.

"Just look!" Saying so, she also drank the Healing Potion.

........

Half an Hour Later,

"So, this is why you didn't use the Healing Potion." Looking at the effect of Healing Potions, Andrew spoke with a speechless expression.

"Yeah! As we get stronger, our body becomes much more defensive. Due to our strong vitality, we can even heal normal wounds without any supplement. Due to our strong body, our enemy will use a strong attack as well."

"At least, those attacks won't be weaker than a hundred TNTs. These attack gravely damages our body parts. And due to the energy used on these attacks, it gets even harder for Healing Potions to recover them. That's why we needed your healing abilities to heal those grave wounds."

"As for the remaining wounds, Healing Potions would be enough. You have been constantly using your innate ability. So, take an energy supplement and rest for an hour." As she said, she passed him a bottle filled with energy supplement juice.

Andrew nods his head hurriedly because he really wanted to sleep. Due to the constant use of his innate ability, he lost immense stamina. But while drinking the energy supplement, he asked "You used Gene Ability, right? So, why aren't you tired?"

Andrew asked this because he knows just how much stamina it costs. Even though his gene was only a B-Rank, he can't use it once with his current stamina.

"Genes are divided into several ranks. I don't know the rank of your genes. But, my gene is S-Rank. The same goes for Olive. As an S-Rank gene, it costs an immense amount of stamina. But, our body currently doesn't possess that much stamina."

"You should know these are modified genes, right? Why are they called modified? Because humans can install or delete some of its attributes. Our S-Rank gene has one function installed on it, which is known as Lifespan Absorption."

"Because our stamina is not enough to use it, we can use our lifespan. Normally, nobody is an idiot enough to use it. Since it costs our lifespan, it is called as Trump Card. This is why there is not much difference between Low-Level Geniuses and Middle-Level Geniuses."

"Since it consumes lifespan, it doesn't even touch our stamina. Olive is unconscious not because of a lack of stamina, rather, her body has been destroyed by her innate ability. Thankfully, your blue flames healed those wounds before it could go even worse."

Hearing her words, Andrew nods his head and finished the Energy Supplement. They had placed a mat below them, so he simply placed that bag as his pillow and slept.

"Aren't you going to sleep as well?" Tori turned her head at Alena and asked. Unlike her, everyone else was very tired including Alena. Even though she could hide it from her junior, she could still see. After all, she did fight hard with a Half-Elf.

"Nah! I will be fine. More importantly, we need to be careful about our surroundings. I didn't expect him to have such a powerful trump card. According to my information, Half-Breed has an advantage of both races."

"They can use the energy from nature easily and also use other races' blood to improve their strength. No matter how much he tries to stay pure elf, he can't change the fact that he has taken dragon blood." Alena snickered as she remembered his last words before the explosion.

"Hah! There is nothing we can do. Power brings arrogance. Even before the evolution, there were many arrogant leaders around the world. Just because they have powerful weapons and military, they try to compete others with violence."

"That half-breed had the blood of an elf that gives him an immense control over every element around him. In fact, he was a sore loser. As a half-elf, he should have tried manipulating space. After all, space is also one of the elements." Tori sighed and spoke about Aarav with pure disdain on his face.

"You are a little wrong here. If he was a sore loser, he wouldn't be able to use light elements. In fact, if I am not wrong. His name is Aarav. He is one of the top geniuses of the Half-Elves. I heard that he got the inheritance of the High-Elf. But indeed, even with all that he was a sore loser due to his arrogance." Alena shook her head and explained.

'I can't believe I lose to a sore loser.' Suddenly, both of them buried their head down and simultaneously thought.

Suddenly, Alena took out a two Sound Restriction Chip and placed one on her body, and gave another to Tori. Taking Sound Restriction Chip, Tori looked at her serious face and placed it on her neck.

"Are you going to accept blessing or awaken Spirit after this?" Alena made a serious face and asked.

"How did you know?" Tori was shocked when Alena asked this question.

"I have my sources. Not to mention, you are the disciple of a Fire Emperor." Alena smirked as she hides the source.

"I am going with ..."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I am going with the Blessing. I don't think I have enough talent to continue with the Spirit. I can awaken it. But, for improving it, I would need immense determination. I don't think I have such determination. What about you?" Tori shook her head and explained.

Hearing her question, Alena smirked and says "I'm planning to go with both."

"Huh! What? How can you accept both at the same time? It's supposed to be impossible." Hearing her words, Tori freaked out and yelled at her face.

"Not for long! Our Babbage family is the family of geniuses. We have finally invented the method to accept blessing while awakening the Will. We call it Trickster Trick." Alena made a proud expression and spoke.

"No, Blessing and Spirit can't coexist. This doesn't make sense. How can science defy gods and the rules? Science is supposed to work on the basis of rules. How can you break the rules with science?" Tori shook her head desperately as she moves behind.

"No dear! You are incorrect. We didn't change the rules. We defy the gods. Both are completely different terms. Why do you think people say that Human Potential is unlimited? They say that because that's the fact."

"We humans have unlimited potential. We just need to tap into it. And, that's where the science comes. We can revolutionize the earth with the power of science." Alena moved near her and chuckled while explaining her.

Listening to her, Tori remained silent for few minutes only to ask "Why are you telling me this?"

"Because I want your support." Alena made a serious expression and spoke.

"Support? You mean wealth?" Tori guessed the reason and asked.

"Correct but I want something more." Alena mysteriously explained and nods her head.

"More?" Tori expected that when she revealed her reason but still didn't understand her completely.

"If you want to be the wife of someone, don't you think he is a good choice?" Alena smiled and pointed her finger at Mike. Following her finger, Tori glanced at Mike and suddenly licked her lips "Yep, he is almost perfect."

"But, he has a Harem or he is creating a harem." Alena smiled at her words and spoke.

"Harem? Is that why he hit on you, Olive, and that half-breed girl yesterday?" Tori's lips twitched when she heard that.

"You could say that. In fact, he already has two girlfriends and two sex slaves." Alena chuckled at her question and nods her head.

"Okay, you are going a little overboard here. Sex slaves? Seriously? Why would anyone try to be his sex slave?" Tori instantly shook her head and asked.

Alena didn't answer her directly instead walked closer and whispered in her ear "If you take that thick rod inside, you will definitely understand why."

"Yo.. you had sex with him?" Hearing her words with a hot air blowing in her ears, Tori shuttered as she retreated few inches.

"Nope! But, he did stick his finger and made me cum in less than five minutes. Well, I can't say that for certain but why would anyone try to be his sex slave if it is not for sex?" Alena shook her head and explained herself with some doubts.

"Even if I do like him, why do you need this?" Tori asked after thinking for few minutes.

"Just give a thought about his talent and his achievement within a month, and tell me the difference between him and his master," Alena asked with a mysterious smile on her face.

"If we do not measure them based on strength, rather on achievement and talent. Then, I can say he will certainly surpass his master." Tori thought for a while before answering her. She had gathered some information about Mike on her own. Although it wasn't detailed as Alena's, she could still tell the difference.

"Not only surpass him but also surpass him by a huge margin. Now, let's go back to the topic of strength. Currently, Mag Beast Emperor is a Half-Saint and probably the strongest between other Half-Saint except for David Flora."

"If Mike is going to surpass him, then wouldn't he be overpowered? A few days ago, Mike was poisoned. Mad Beast Emperor went to the Dark Raven who was the culprit and smashed their headquarter. If it wasn't for the new half-Saint that emerged from the Dark Raven, then he might have slaughtered few emperors."

"And, nobody can do anything to him. In short, he can protect anyone he has the deep connection with." Alena explained as Tori's expression changed with each sentence. She never thought so much would've happened during these short days.

"You do not want the protection from Mad Beast Emperor rather you want to be protected by future Mike. But, why? Your family doesn't have any potential enemies, right?" Tori spoke as she understood some of it and asked everything that she doesn't understand.

"Didn't I say this earlier? Science defies gods. We support science that means we are defying gods. Although gods won't descend to earth, we would still have potential enemies from many holy churches where the most trustworthy followers of gods reside." Alena chuckled but her expression instantly changed into seriousness.

But just when Tori was about to say something, Alena took out another chip that covered both of them into a dark sphere. After two minutes, the dark sphere was removed. When both of them appeared in sight, Tori's eyes and mouth were wide open with disbelieve on her face.

"You saw the letter, right? We aren't evil. There are countless humans still living a hard life. A son wants to be a cultivator but their family can't support him. A father wants to feed his family twice a day but he can't find a job."

"In this technological era, if you don't possess a higher degree of knowledge, it's hard to get the job. So, they volunteer for our experiments. You don't expect us to create something that is god-defying without proper experiments, right?"

"Fifteen thousand people died during experiments! We do not pity them nor do we discourage them. Because they signed the contract willingly. They risked their lives for the betterment of their family. Your family is one of the richest families on earth, right?"

"But, do you know there are thousands of workers that work day and night on those mines, risking their lives to get those dark energy crystals for you? Everyone has a different fate. Some are born with riches while some are born in the roads."

"It depends upon your parents and your childhood to determine your future. Those families signed for their lives but they created a better future for their families. But, there are still people in the world who don't follow the normal routine. Didn't you say there were many arrogant leaders in the world? Just change the past tense into present tense!"

"Slowly, our family started lacking resources and security to continue these experiments because of these leaders supporting those churches. So, I need your help with resources." Then she turned her head at Mike and continued "And, his help for security."

"With your family wealth, my family knowledge, and his protection, we can change everything. You will gain the talent that you desire. He will gain the pleasure he desires. And, I just want my family safe from those people and the gods. Although I am not smart enough, I still want my family to pursue science which has been our legacy."

When Alena stopped speaking, Tori fell into deep thought. She couldn't decide whether to help Alena or not. But she knows what she desires.

Talent!

Even though she has enough talent, she is not the type of person that is satisfied. She wanted more talent but she is not the type of person with unbreakable determination. In fact, her determination is like Mike's. Except, she doesn't have the system as Mike does.

This is why she was considering Alena. Otherwise, she wouldn't have agreed because she still believes whatever Alena's family is doing is bad. Suddenly, a voice rang in her ears.

"Tori, stop seeing the world in black and white. The world is grey. Those who see the world in black and white are destined to fall. You can't be a saint. You can't be true evil. You have taken people's life. That should make you an evil person but you are not."

"Because that is the real world. That is the grey world. I need your help. You like Mike. As for falling in love, I believe you will slowly fall. We can be together. Your wealth and my brain can support each other. And, one day, Science will be the Ultimate Power of this world."

"It's not about creating AI or robots. Science is about understanding the depth of the natural phenomenon of the universe. His harem consists of Jenny Flora. She possesses both money and knowledge. If we do not work together, we will be buried in his harem."

"Tori, please help me and I will help you. Let's use what we have to create something extraordinary."

Alena stood up in a domineering manner and spread her hands for Tori to hold.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike's eyelids twitched as they slowly opened. His eyeballs rotate around as the pain struck his brain. It took few minutes to completely adjust his brain.

"You woke up? I thought you would sleep for an entire day." Just when he calmed his mind, a sweet melodious voice rang on his ears. He slides his eyeballs and saw a beautiful girl sitting next to him.

"Hey, so we survive huh!" Mike's voice was a little hoarse. Then, he looked at the panels in front of him and mumbled "And, you look that!"

"Hidden Quest- Defeat higher level geniuses

Description- As a new God of Sex, Host should surpass his previous generation. The previous God of Sex designed this quest for the Host, based on his regrets. Defeating geniuses is the path of God of Sex. Your enemy won't be equal to you, so push yourself to the limit and break that limit. As a God of Sex, prove your talent by defeating the strong.

Quest Reward- 500 Stats Points, 5000 System Points, and Heaven Lifting Giant Arms Art"

'Huh! I didn't expect such a quest would exist. Well, I got five hundred stat points for free and new art as well. Claire, use half of the total stat points in Stamina and Intelligence respectably.' Commanding Claire, Mike slowly tried to get up.

When Claire allocated the points, relaxation approaches his entire body. In an instant, he felt ultra-energetic. He turned his head at Alena and asked "How many hours do we still have?"

"Four hours!" Alena spoke while showing four fingers up.

"What about airbags?" Mike asked with a tense expression.

"Only two!" Alena sighed with a helpless expression.

"Hu! At least, we didn't lose anything." Mike sighed and then turned his head at Alena, saying "Where are others?"

"Everyone is searching for the potential airbag. Do you want to call them back?" Although Mike wasn't a true leader, he was still the strongest on their team. His words hold a heavyweight.

"No need! I will also leave here to find the potential airbag. Just in case, inform them about me!" Mike shook his head and spoke.

Alena nods her head and heads out. Mike also walked out from under the tree. He stretches his arms and looked around. They were in completely different places. Mike placed his hand on his chin and speaks "Do you have the whereabouts of weaker teams?"

"Based on your strength without a power-up or after the power-up?" Alena tilts her head and asked.

"Based on my strength without a power-up!" Mike spoke

"Two teams! One is at the northern part of the forest, nearly seven miles away from this area. Another is at the western part of the forest, only two miles away from this area. Every participant in both teams is either a Low-Level Genius or a Middle-Level Genius."

"Can you defeat them without injuring yourself?" Alena asked but her tone was filled with concern.

"Don't worry, I can." Mike winked at her and smiled. He turned his head at the western part seemingly following the sun. The brute force surges in his foot and a single press against the ground created a small crater.

"Storm Steps!"

After the first step, he no longer stepped on the ground instead kept running while stepping on air. With the speed half of Mach 1, he instantly vanished from her eyesight.

In just twenty-five seconds, he appeared in the middle of few trees. The moment he stopped himself, he shouted "Hello everyone! I know you guys are here. So before I beat you guys, you can surrender your airbags."

His words made the crowd who was watching him speechless. After all, the entire crowd was hyped the moment Mike woke up.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

"Mike Tyson, we don't see your teammates. Don't tell me that you came here by yourself?" In an instant, five boys jumped down from five different trees.

"Nope, I don't need their help. Not against you guys at least." Mike made a mocking tone as he spoke looking at them with disdain in his eyes.

"You might be strong. But we have survived till now. You will pay for your arrogance." Hearing his words, five of them instantly got furious and released their innate ability. Surprisingly, each of them had fire, water, metal, wind, and earth element.

Zip! Whack!

Suddenly, the lightning flashed on Mike's foot. The Gravity Domain spread wide as he moved forward. Before they could make a single move, Mike's foot was only a few inches away from one of the boy's necks.

"Tyrant King of Lightning- Lightning Python Strike"

"Earth Wall!" "Water Bubble!" "Metal Spikes!"

Zzzzz! Bang! Splash! Bang!

Their reactions were rapid. But Mike wasn't behind either. Two layers of yellow energy coated his leg as he smashed through the piercing metal spikes, breaking the earth wall and passing through the bubble of water, his leg smashed the neck of that boy.

Thud!

His strike was so strong that the boy couldn't even bear the impact and slammed onto the ground.

"What? How?" Four of them instantly panicked the moment one of them got smashed on the ground. But before they could figure out anything, Mike instantly disappeared and appeared in front of another one.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Suddenly, three lightning bolts fell from the dark clouds and revolved around him. The impact of the lightning bolt separated four of them giving him a chance to focus on a single one. Three bolts of lightning encircled his body and infused with his fist.

"Sky Lightning Fist!"

Boom!

The lightning that was infused with his fist transformed into a shape of the fist when it was released. The lightning-shaped fist moved towards the boy who covered himself with an earth wall. The lightning broke the earth wall and moved towards the boy.

Bang! Thud!

When the lightning fist smashed the boy, it released a spark of lightning that instantly paralyzed his body, not giving him a chance to retaliate. The impact of the punch was carried by the momentum of the fist. When lightning paralyzed his body, the impact smashed him at the tree behind him. With the broken bones on his front and back, he fell on the ground, half-dead.

"Guys, let's use that otherwise we will lose." One of the boys shouted releasing his water from his body. The water soared towards the sky, forming a giant tower. In an instant, the remaining two boys formed a wind tower and a metal tower.

"Water, Metal, and Wind: Three Elements Prison!" Three boys simultaneously yell and condense a massive prison. Those three pillars release a wall of different energy.

"Tyrant King of Lightning- Brute Lighting Punch"

Mike gathers the lightning energy into his fist and simultaneously releases his lightning domain. In an instant, he moves forward and punches on the wall made out of wind wall after coating his hand with two spirits.

Bang!

When he smashes the wall, he felt sharp wind blades cutting his fist but he didn't retreat. He kept pushing the walls but eventually retreated. Even though his fist was protected by two spirits, he still couldn't break the walls.

Even though his lightning got bounced back by the wind. This made him frown.

"Hahaha! Mike Tyson, you can't break this prison. Even though you are strong, our prison is unbreakable." The Metal Boy looked at his expression and laughed.

At this moment, Mike shook his head with a helpless smile and said "Unfortunately, I can still break this. But, I am genuinely amazed by this. If I don't use one of those tricks, I won't be able to break this. And considering my strength, there are not many who can oppose me. No wonder, you guys were able to hold until now."

"But, it is regrettable that two of them have no contribution to this prison otherwise it would be stronger than this."

When Mike said that, he instantly released the gravity domain. He looked at their confused expression and said "Yesterday when I was thinking deeply about my trump card, I came across a simple thought that I overlooked in many cases."

"But yesterday, I was able to analyze it properly. And doing so, I finally succeed in creating that skill."

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

At this moment, he pointed his finger at the sky. Others also looked at the sky and instantly turned pale. In front of their eyes, dozens of car-sized meteorites fell. It was surprising considering this was a virtual space.

But, this is the true virtual reality. Not only was the ground, even space created.

"Gravity Domain- Meteorite Rain!"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Thud! Thud! Thud!

Dozens of meteorites fell on the prison, creating an enormous impact. Each impact transmits to the creator. Slowly but surely, they start falling unconscious on the ground. Their bodies weren't able to handle the impact of the meteorite.

"Teleport!"

In an instant, Mike appeared near the metal guy and took a bag from him.

"Now, let's find the next one!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While running slowly, Mike muttered, 'Claire, I want to learn Heaven Lifting Giant Arms Art!'

With his commands, a series of the information entered his brain. That information was fully loaded with some critical information while some nonsense. It took him five minutes to sort out the details. Since he was running at a slow speed, he naturally had time to do so.

Heaven Lifting Giant Arms was a skill created by merging several styles into one. It was created based on Giant Race. Previously, he was talking about giant shattering the mountain, now he got one. It seems even the system deeply listens to each of his crap.

There were basically four styles. And more importantly, these styles were created to improve his stamina. Of course, each style had its main offensive move. But, most of it was for improving his stamina.

And, there weren't many hardcore details. They were simply some basic exercise with some requirements. First and foremost, he must have the Brute Force. Without brute force, he can't simply practice this art.

Second, he must have something that can change the gravity around him. That's all! As for the four different positions. The first position would be a relaxing position where he bends his knees to the opposite side while spreading his arms left and right as well.

He must maintain this position for five days straight without eating or moving within ten times gravity. If he succeeds, he will be able to reach the Basic (0-20%) proficiency, ten days for 20-40%, fifteen days for 40-60%, twenty days for 60-80%, and finally twenty-five days for 100%.

Once he succeeds till the hundred percent, he can pretty much shatter a mountain with his palm.

The second position would be standing on his hand position or upside-down position. Here, he must remain five days without eating or moving in twenty times more gravity in his hand. As for proficiency, it has the same method as the previous one.

The third position would be slightly different. He stands on his leg and punches in the air, using brute force. For every position, he must use brute force little by little. But this time, gravity will increase by fifty times. As for proficiency and time limit, it is the same as above.

As for the fourth and final position, it is slightly different. Unlike the previous position, this one is rather extreme considering the ridiculous requirement we need to fulfill. In fact, this is a trial set to be the real giant.

He needs to jump into a pool of magma without wearing any protective armor or clothes. He needs to be completely naked and only use the Brute Force. Of course, he needs to complete previous positions in order to move to this one.

And, that is not even the end. Not only he must bear the ridiculous heat from the magma, but he must also increase gravity by hundred times and practicing punching. As for proficiency, it is the same as above. But, there was certain requirement to do this except completing previous positions.

First, his skin must be as strong as gold. Second, he must be the King Realm cultivator. If he succeeds in practicing these four positions, he can shatter the planet earth with a single palm.

When he read the entire information, he speechlessly laughed for a moment. Although the first three positions aren't that bad, the last is the worst. You can't possibly jump into magma because that freaking magma can melt even the gold.

Either way, he can't practice this now. So, he quietly increased his face and reached the targeted area in a single minute. This time he was surprised because he saw the team laid on the ground with wounded bodies.

'It seems someone got here before me. Well, nothing I can do about it.' He looked everywhere but couldn't find the bag, so he decided to retreat. He had no relationship with them, so he didn't waste his team treating them.

While returning back, a constant thought kept ringing in his mind 'According to Jenny, Miller's family send few martial arts to my home along with few dark energy crystals and weapons. With my current strength, I can't fight those monsters like that Half-Elf. I need to improve my strength.'

'But, martial art doesn't improve my strength, right? It only acts as a substitute for cultivation. That means I need to find something else to increase my strength. Wait a freaking minute, I still have Spear Spirit to manifest. And, I also have the Void Law.'

'If I...… No! I must succeed in manifesting the Spear Spirit before the fourth stage. And, I also need to comprehend the second stage of the Void Law. But before that, I should try to create something that can replace teleportation of the gene.'

'Moving with Space, this is the first stage. Although I created Hyper Speed Spear based on it, it still lacks the luster of space. This time I must create something that can truly improvise the effects of space.'

'By the way, Claire, show my status along with quests that I need to complete as well as Lauren's stats!'

After finishing this tournament, his first priority would be reaching General Realm and then cultivate further. That's why he keeps getting curious about Lauren's progression.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (Eighth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +500 STR, +200 AGI (SS-Rank)

STR: 3117

AGI: 3051

INT: 1292

STM: 1390

DEF: 3108 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Meteor Fist, Lightning Spear, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Storm Steps, Sky Lightning Fist, Tyrant Lightning Dragon, Tyrant King of Lightning and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Domain (Meteor Fist), Lightning Domain (Sky Lightning Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500000

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"Monthly Quest 3- Earn 50000 Bronze Coins (19300/50000)

Reward- Unique Talent Evolution, 200 System Points, 200 Stats Points, Free Skill Card*1, and Gene Modification Fluid*1"

"Yearly Quest- Win the heart of Heavenly Maiden (1/1) - Partial Completion

Reward- Pioneer Body Evolution*1, System Evolution*1, S-Rank Innate Ability, Ninth-Rank Bloodline, 10000 System Points, 1000 Stats Points.

Punishment- Death of User's Body and Tormenting User's Soul in the Depths of Hell (1 year)"

"Name- Lauren Green

Age- 18

Cultivation- 6th Rank of General Realm (Second Evolution)

Innate Ability- Storm Dragon Blood (A-Rank)

STR: 3265

AGI: 3190

INT: 3177

STM: 3153

DEF: 3240

Status- Heavenly Maiden"

'Hush! Jenny was speaking the truth. Lauren is truly stubborn. Still, though, I am very confused about this. Claire, didn't you say that Heavenly Maiden and Supreme Fairies are just the titles? Then, how did she know that her talent will soar by entering the Forbidden Dungeon?'

After Mike learned that Lauren was going to the Forbidden Dungeon to improve her talent, he got so happy that he kissed Jenny fifty times through his phone. He wanted to kiss Lauren as well but Jenny said that she was in a low mood, so they didn't disturb her.

"Host, why do you use your brain for battle but not for these things? Hush! Lady Lauren has the inheritance that can improve her talent. And, she knows about it. But, this has nothing to do with Heavenly Maiden."

"Because that's just a title. Once her talent soars, she will eventually become a true Heavenly Maiden, or maybe not. Who knows? After all, it depends upon the inheritance. If the inheritance is too low level, she can't reach the rank of the Heavenly Maiden. And, you need to do everything to complete the quest or simply search for another complete Heavenly Maiden." Claire's voice rang on his ears.

'I guess, you are right. Only a month has passed, but bad situations keep popping out. With so much tension, how can I even have the chance to improve my flirting skill? I suck at this. I need a break. Just when will the tournament finish? I am dying to fuck Alena or other girls.'

With a helpless expression, Mike slowly drifted towards his base while holding the bag. These bags are a little special. It can't be kept inside the dimensional ring. So, he must wear this all the time. That's why he left that team alone.

After all, they weren't wearing the bag. Even if they hide it, their opponent can easily find it by threatening to kill them. Nobody wants to die. So, most people surrender easily. And, if there is a hardcore idiot, then it is either a fortune or in fortune for him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh! You got one bag. What about another one?" Alena was satisfied upon seeing the bag on his back but still frowned after not seeing two bags.

"Well, somebody beat me on the race! It seems like we have some tough opponents this time." Mike sighed as he explained his misery.

"It was our rotten luck. By the way, use this!" Alena suddenly took out a Sound Restricting Chip and passed it to him. Mike frowned but still sticks it to his neck.

"Do you know anything about Superior-Level Geniuses?" Alena asked keeping a calm expression. But her words drastically changed his expression. He got near her and yelled "Was that half-elf a Superior-Level Genius? Is this level higher than High-Level?"

"Yep! There are currently eight superior-level geniuses in the tournament. Aarav from Half-Elf, Ares from Half-Dragon, Ava from Half-Vampire, and Alfred from Half-Wolf. These are four of the superior-level geniuses from the other race."

"But, our human race also has some geniuses equal to them. Max Cena, Silver King, Sword Demon, and Thorn Princess. Each of them is a superior-level genius. Max Cena is from the southern part of Asia Continent."

"He is known for his extraordinary Saint Bloodline. It is said that his ancestor received the blood of the human Great Saint and bring back the strongest talent in his family junior. Max Cena with his SSS-Rank Dark Element proved his talent."

"Silver King is another person with the Saint Bloodline. But unlike Max, he doesn't possess an SSS-Rank innate ability rather possesses a normal S-Rank. But he does have an extraordinary talent known as Silver Spirit Physique."

"It allows him to manipulate all kinds of silver even turn the natural energy into silver. Sword Demon, as his name suggests is a Sword Maniac. He had practiced the swordsmanship from the age of six in his family dojo."

"At the age of ten, he defeated every single member of the dojo except the head based on his swordsmanship alone. At the age of sixteen, he succeeds in defeating his master as well. From then on, he awakened SSS-Rank Sword Innate Ability."

"Finally, Thorn Princess is a scary lady that can kill you in the blink of an eye. She has awakened two SSS-Rank Innate Abilities. One is space while the other is Thorn. Yep, she can condense the stem or branch of the rose flower with its extremely sharp thorn."

"With her space ability and the thorn ability, she has the most powerful assassination talent. In fact, Xavier's Family even tried to recruit her. If she was from the Xavier family, then she would have been chosen as the heir for the family even."

"If I have to rank these eight people, the weakest one will be those half-breed while the strongest will be Sword Demon. Unlike others, he had started his practice from the age of six. As we know, the path of the swordsmanship is different than other power systems."

"There is something known as Sword Believe in swordsman power system. It is said that he is on the fourth level of Sword Believe which is known as Sword Intent. He can kill anyone weaker than him with just a single glance."

"Because he doesn't need his sword to cut something as long as he has Sword Intent. And, if he does uses his sword, then it's complete slaughter. Fortunately, he is not a maniac as people portray him. In fact, he was only called Sword Demon because of his sword talent."

For a long time, Mike kept staring at her while those words kept popping in his brain like popcorns. Just when he thought he has the chance to be the strongest genius, many talented geniuses kept popping out.

He slapped his forehead and sighed.

"Did you get so demotivated by listening about their talent?" Alena took a step forward and giggled. She was enjoying that look on his face.

"Nope! It didn't get me demotivated but it didn't make me motivated either. I already know what I need to do. By the way, call everyone back now. If we want to make more, we must hunt together." Mike spoke as he walked towards the tree. He threw airbags near other airbags.

But he got slightly confused. He turned back and asked "Why are you the one guarding these bags? Isn't it more dangerous?"

"Yep, it is. But I have something that others do not." Alena's mysterious smile and inspired his curiosity.

"What it is?" Mike asked with his curiosity flashing in his eyes.

"I have an S-Rank Gene known as Godspeed Unicorn. Its ability known as Unicorn Lightning allows me to travel faster than Mach 5 and also slows the surrounding around me. Only those with Spirit or Blessing can ignore the change in surroundings. This allows me to run away. Still, though, I do not wish to use this ability." Alena sighed as she explained to him about her gene ability.

"But why?" Mike was confused because her tone felt completely different. As if she will lose something very important if she uses her gene ability.

"S-Rank Gene costs an immense amount of stamina. If you don't have four times larger stamina than what it takes, then it will directly use your lifespan." Alena explained with a low tone. She had already lost five years of her life and she didn't want to lose more.

"I clearly didn't expect that. By the way, why are we using Sound Restrictive Chip to talk? There is no one around." Mike asked her with confusion.

Pat!

She slaps her forehead with a helpless smile and explains "Idiot, you should at least learn more about each stage before entering. The MC won't explain every single detail. We need this chip because not only they can see us but also hear us."

"NO FREAKING WAY!" The moment these words entered his ears, Mike freaked out. He slammed both sides of his head with his palms. He instantly grabbed her shoulder and shouted "Are you freaking serious? Can they really hear everything we talk about?"

"Yep! But, your reaction is rather extreme. Did you say something bad?" Seeing his reaction, Alena got chills on her back as she asked him with a doubtful expression.

Mike instantly turned gloomy. He forgot about Alena's existence and kept murmuring "Oh my god! What the hell am I going to do now? What will happen if they learn about this? Will I be punished for saying indecent words?"

"I even talked so bad about dragon race and elf race. What if they learned about it? What am I going to do?"

"Mike! Mike!" Alena kept shouting but Mike didn't listen. He kept murmuring in despair until he walked below the tree and sat with his arms around his knees.

After ten minutes,

"Hey, you said Mike is up! Where is he?" Tori spoke as she didn't see Mike near Alena.

Alena pointed her finger at the tree and helplessly spoke "I don't know what happened. But when I told him that the crowd can hear our conversation. He started panicking and murmuring different sentences like talking bad about dragon race and elf race, saying indecent words, etc."

"Ahh!" Andrew panicked after hearing that. He instantly rushed towards the tree. Seeing this everyone got confused and followed him. Upon reaching inside, Andrew saw Mike mumming those words while his body kept shaking.

"Senior Mike, CAN YOU HEAR ME!" Andrew got near his ear and shouted.

"Who?" Only then Mike came back to reality and shout. For a moment, he got horrified.

"Senior Mike, it's me! I want to tell you something. When you said those words, you were freaking awesome. Those words were so inspiring that I have decided to increase my stamina from now on. Don't worry I believe every youth will have the same idea as me."

"As for other races, we, humans aren't weak. Your master is a Half-Saint. You have nothing to fear." Andrew grabbed his shoulder and spoke with deep respect in his eyes.

As for those girls, they confused listen to his words. Seeing those eyes, Mike couldn't help but nod his head.

"Good! You can rest a little. Don't worry about anything at all!" Andrew nods his head in return and came out of the tree.

"Hey, what were you talking about? Did he say something bad?" Alena asked him with confusion as he walked out.

"Seniors, I think you will understand everything once you watch the recording. I believe with your identity, you can easily access the recording. Senior Mike said something that every youth on this earth holds deep in his heart." Andrew didn't explain instead speak with a heroic expression.

Saying so, he walked away from them because he didn't want to spoil the fun for them. Olive walked towards the tree with a bag in her hand. When she saw Mike, she got even more curious.

At this moment, Mike was repeating the same words, trying to feel better. She helplessly sighed and walked out.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few hours ago

"Pufffff!"

"Hahaha-Hahaha-Hahaha! He really said that. And, in front of the entire crowd. Can you believe it, mom?" Jenny, Lauren, Elizabeth, and Sunny were watching the entire battle on their TV. For a moment, the house was intense.

After all, Mike was getting beaten by the Half-Elf. But when Mike finally said that he will become a God of Sex, a burst of laughter rang out of Jenny's mouth. She clutches her stomach and kept laughing. When she got glared at by Elizabeth, she calmed down while clutching her stomach with one hand and explaining.

"Huff! Huff! Huff! Mom, you can't blame me for this. Where did he even get the guts to reveal such an indecent dream in front of the crowd?"

Elizabeth couldn't blame her either. So, she sighed and stay quiet.

"I don't think he knows that." Lauren thought for a moment and spoke.

"You think he doesn't know that everyone can hear him?" Jenny questioned her but before Lauren could reply, she nods her head and said "You are hundred percent correct!"

Since she said so, Lauren kept her mouth shut.

"By the way Lauren, why isn't Lucas out? Doesn't he know that Mike has a battle today?" Elizabeth turned her head at Lauren and asked.

"He instantly fell asleep the moment he finished his food." Lauren bitterly smiled and explained.

"Sigh! He is working too hard. You can't let him continue like this. I know you understand him and you can feel his pain. But you can't let your emotions over your responsibility. He is your little brother. You must take care of him." Elizabeth sighed and started giving Lauren some valuable lessons.

"Mom, I think I have a better idea." Jenny instantly sat below Elizabeth and spoke. Lauren, Elizabeth, and Sunny were sitting on the couch while Jenny was sitting on the floor. At the same time, Elizabeth was massaging Jenny's head.

"Oh! Let's hear out your idea then." Elizabeth started massaging her hair once again and spoke.

"Mom, you don't have to do this." Jenny felt helpless by her mother-in-law's request. It was her who initiated a plan to massage Jenny's head. She doesn't know why but her mom got some weird hobby.

"You three are busy all day while I'm alone, having nothing to pass the time. This is my short exercise for my hand. So, you can't say no." Elizabeth sighed sharing her painful day where she can't do anything. Now, she doesn't even have a job since Mike forced her to stay at home.

"Then mom, I said this a thousand times, you need to make a hobby. Your son has already started the company and your daughter-in-law has a lot of money. You can make any kind of hobby to pass your time. How about this? Let's discuss your hobby during my plan." Jenny turned her head at Elizabeth and spoke with cute teary eyes trying to make her accept.

"Oh! Tell us about your plan first!" Elizabeth completely ignored her hobby drama and got interested in her plan.

"Let's visit an amusement park tomorrow!" Jenny shouted with a smile on her face.

"Huh!" Lauren, Elizabeth, and Sunny tilt their head with confusion.

"Let's visit an amusement park with Lucas! I know it will be hard for us to enjoy but we can't shrink like this forever, you know. Lauren and Lucas need a refreshment. Sunny also needs a refreshment. Mom needs a separate time with us to discuss more new hobbies she can make. And, I need it for fun." Jenny smiled as she looked at them with cute eyes, trying to make them agree.

"Alright then, we will follow Jenny's plan. If we are visiting the amusement part tomorrow, we should book five tickets today." Elizabeth nods her head giving permission to them.

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!

"I need to pick up this call." Saying so, Sunny stood up while picking up the call. After a minute, she sat down with a beaming smile on her face.

"What makes you so happy?" Jenny was surprised by that look on her face while she was booking the tickets for them.

"Mistress, this is the first day of our company and it's already completely booked. Not only that but we also got five hundred more reservations for the night." Sunny spoke with a beaming joy on her face. That face indicates her happiness rising to the ultimate peak.

"Congratulation! It seems what he said in the battle really helped the company. You must call him and tell him this news after this stage." Jenny congratulated her while laughing at her memories about that scene.

At this moment, one thing was pretty noticeable. Elizabeth wasn't discomforted by the way Sunny talks with them and her son's business. For Mike who has recently learned her identity, he could accept her acceptance.

But for these, girls, it was still hard to not feel awkward during these conversations. For a moment, the silence broke out in the house.

Inside the Virtual Space,

Mike was resting under the tree. After gathering four airbags, they finally decided to settle down. Mike was already feeling very down. So, he didn't even want to go out and hunt for the airbags. Seeing his condition, others also felt the same way.

More importantly, they already got enough airbags so they weren't worried.

After Four Hours,

Everyone was instantly taken out of the virtual space. In an instant, everyone reappeared in the field. When Mike appeared in front of the crowd, the entire crowd began to cheer.

"Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!"

Seeing this much cheering, every participant turned their head at Mike. In an instant, dozens of girls, not from the crowd rather from the participants rushed towards Mike. Many grabbed his hands, some grabbed his back, and some even grabbed his little brother.

"Hello! My name is Sharley. I have an S-Rank Innate Ability. I want to be your girlfriend. Can we go on a date tomorrow? By the way, I have already sent the message to your phone that includes everything about me."

"Hello! My name is Margaret. I also have an S-Rank Innate Ability. I want to be your girlfriend. Can we go on a date tomorrow? By the way, I have already sent the message to your phone that includes everything about me."

"Hello! My name is Piper. I also have an S-Rank Innate Ability. I want to be your girlfriend. Can we go on a date tomorrow? By the way, I have already sent the message to your phone that includes everything about me."

"Hello! My name is Layla. I also have an S-Rank Innate Ability. I want to be your girlfriend. Can we go on a date tomorrow? By the way, I have already sent the message to your phone that includes everything about me."

"Hello! My name is Ankie. I also have an S-Rank Innate Ability. I want to be your girlfriend. Can we go on a date tomorrow? By the way, I have already sent the message to your phone that includes everything about me."

"Hello! My name is Jane.........…."

"Hello! My name is Becky.........."

"Mister Mike, where are you going? I haven't introduced myself."

"Hey you bitch, don't take Mister Mike away!"

"Yeah bitch, leave him to us as well!"

"Go, ladies! Grab him! We can't let them take him away."

While they were introducing themselves to Mike, he got grabbed by Alena who gave him a deadly glare and ran away. Olive and Tori followed her. Ava also rushed towards them.

Unfortunately, those ladies couldn't chase him as they disappeared and entered the game. Alena and others took him back to his room. She threw him at the bed and took out her phone. After she requested the replay, she turned her head at Mike and said "If you dare to move, we'll break your third leg."

Beside her, even Olive gave him a threatening glare. Mike was almost crying with laughter in his heart. Silently, he took out his phone and opened it.

"420 Messages and 751 Missed Calls!"

It would be the highest number of calls and messages he has ever received in a single day. In fact, even if he combines every other message and missed call, they won't be close enough of these.

He instantly opened those messages and started reading them. After reading few lines, he couldn't help but ponder.

'Did I become a celebrity or what?'

Thinking of this, Mike couldn't help but feel his blood boiled. Unfortunately, he couldn't loudly shout or do anything. He needed to calm down since four hungry beasts were watching his drama in front of him. It was quite embarrassing when he listened to his own words.

For a moment, he wanted to bury his head under the pillow.

After five minutes,

"Ahhh, Darling!" "Hubby!" "Mike!" "Dear!"

Receiving four different short names, four different girls pounced at him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You girls, you are crushing me!" With a sudden attack from four girls, Mike got crushed beneath four bodies. It was felt soft and amazing but he also got suffocated. These girls were sticking with him like a koala.

Whack! Pat! Bang! Thud!

"How dare you call us fat?" Four beautiful ladies who were always admired for their slender and tall bodies instantly felt rage burning inside their hearts when they heard him. One chopped his neck, another slapped his cheeks, another one smashed his chest and finally the last one gave him a German Suplex.

But even so, they didn't drop him away. This surprised Mike because of the presence of one person. He never expected that Olive would do something like this. Although crushed between four ladies, he slightly changed his gaze at Olive and said "Did you accept me?"

His question startled Olive making her blush. But she didn't let go of him. No, to be exact she held him tighter and murmured "If I do not accept you now, I might never get a chance to do so in the future."

"Yeah Mike, you shouldn't say something like that in front of the crowd. Although we understood that you didn't know about the sound recorder, we can't change anything." Ava muttered after her. She was above him as she buried her head in his chest.

"Don't you know those lines are the weakness for any kinds of women? A strong woman doesn't let a man ride her instead she always rides a man. Do you even know how many women got their blood pumped after hearing those words?" Tori mumbled from his left side.

"Hey Alena, what are you doing?" Suddenly, Ava got pushed above by Alena who was near his bottom. When her breast fell on Mike's face, Ava got all red and shouted. But Alena didn't answer and spread her leg wide.

Without answering her, she unzipped his pants and held the thick rod in her hand.

"Alena, this is not the right moment!" Mike shouted when he felt a pair of soft hands holding his thick rod giving him immense pleasure.

"Ahh!" Olive and Tori instantly shouted when they peaked on Alena. At this moment, she was holding a semi-erect inches long dragon. The dragon was slowly raising its head, and standing tall in front of those twinkling eyes.

"So, what moment do you think it will be right to do this? We only have two more stages to go. I am sure you would start cultivating once you get free time and forget about us. After this tournament, you will probably return back to your state."

"You might come to visit us. But how often? And, do you think any of us has time to go around and have a date with you every single day? Tori, Ava, and I are the heiress of our family. We won't have much time to hang out with you. As for Olive, she needs to train hard so that she can free her twin sister."

"So, let's have fivesome tonight!" Saying so, Alena started moving her hands up and down.

"Yeah but other......." Just when he was about to speak, an unbelievable thing happened. A pair of soft lips was imprinted on his lips. His eyes almost popped out, not because of this sudden kiss rather because of the person.

This girl was none other than Olive. She thoroughly sucks his lips and slowly enters her tongue. But he could feel her tongue shaking a lot.

'She must have mustered a lot of courage to do this. I can't let it go to waste.' Thinking of this, Mike instantly pushed his tongue like a viper. It moved out and rolled her tongue, startling her. Just when her head was about to jerk back, he moved his right hand to hold her head down.

Feeling his hand on her head, Olive realized his intention and immediately processed her thoughts. That was just a reaction, so she immediately controlled herself and let herself enjoy the kiss. His tongue savored her tongue as if he would never get the second one.

Their tongue binds and lips touched each other. The passionate kiss lasted few minutes until Olive finally separated herself.

"Huff! Huff!" Due to that long kiss, Olive had a hard time breathing.

"Are you..." Just when Mike was about to ask her, she instantly blocked his mouth with her hand. She could understand what he was about to talk about. She mustered up her courage and whispered in his ears "We don't know what might happen tomorrow. So, let's enjoy today to the fullest."

Mike couldn't believe he heard that from the pure and cold like Olive. But her words succeed in awakening the beast hiding in his soul. Suddenly, Ava who was pushed to the side by Olive turned his head towards the left side and kissed him.

Her tongue pushed deep into his mouth. While the passionate kiss continued, Alena took out her tongue and touched the tip of his dragon. In an instant, a soft sensation brought a chill to his body. Alena slowly circles her tongue around the tip of his dragon.

Mike started twitching a lot with each movement of her tongue. Suddenly, Mike moved his hand near Tori who seemed to be waiting for her chance. He didn't know where he was going but he didn't care. No one was rejecting him so he moved his hand in order to find something to play with.

And, his hand landed on Tori's breast. Tori instantly got embarrassed as her face turned red. But she didn't stop him. She was wearing a top tank. So, he slides his hand from above. He touched her bra and slides his hand inside it.

"Wait, I will remove these!" Suddenly, Tori's voice rang on his left ear. Hearing her voice, Mike stopped himself and took out his hand. Tori removed her upper clothes as well as lower clothes but didn't remove her panty.

Only then, Mike got a perfect chance to feel those soft bouncy breasts. Although they weren't huge, each was perfectly the size that fits in his hand. Unfortunately, Mike couldn't them. He could only play with them.

But after experiencing sex for few days, he got a pretty good idea for playing with the breast. Nipples are the target to play. But before that, he needs to fondle her breast to inspire her desire. Only after that, he pressed her nipples.

"Hmmm!" After a long kiss, Ava removes her mouth gasping while Mike started moaning. His dragon was going in and out of Alena's face. At this moment, Alena was sucking his dragon with a lusty expression.

"Mike!" Suddenly, Olive called him as he looked to his right. In front of his wide eyes, he found Olive standing naked in the bed. She slowly moves near his head and crouched down. In front of his eyes, that pink cave was cleanly shaved.

He sticks his tongue out and slowly licked the outer part of her cave.

"Nghhhhh"

When his tongue played at the outer region of her pussy, she felt an immense wave of pleasure striking her spine. A hot moan rang out of her mouth. Tori who saw Mike licking Olive's pussy instantly looked at her bottom.

She blushed red and slowly removed her panty as well. No doubt, Ava did the same but Mike obviously couldn't move everywhere. So, he separates his mouth from her pussy and said "Tori, you crouch down like Olive. The same goes for Ava and go to my right side first!"

After he said that, Ava immediately went to his right side while Tori crouches down. Mike smirked and spreads both of his arms thinking 'I can't use Chaotic Path towards the Harmony. So, I am going to use everything else that I have.'

'Hands of Pleasure' (A/N- Pleasure Hands= Hands of Pleasure)

With this divine ability, his hands release strange energy that can give the most immense pleasure to his partner. A strong man doesn't satisfy himself, he satisfies his woman first. His goal was fixed. He slowly moves both of his hands to their pussies.

Sticking out two of his fingers, he inserted them inside.

"Ahhhh!" "Ohhhhh!"

Two different but intense moans rang from their mouth. While piercing his finger deep inside their pussies, he activates his Ultimate Sex Stamina. This divine ability doesn't give him ultimate stamina except when he does sex.

But this is also better since he doesn't have to worry about passing out in the middle of the sex with four girls. But, he knows this session will be intense as hell.

"Mike, mine as well!" When Olive found that Mike was distracted by other pussies, she immediately reminded him. This reminder set a smirk on his face as he sticks out his tongue and slowly thrusts it inside her.

At the same time, Alena was going intense with his dragon. It was going in and out of her throat, not only making it hard for her to breathe but also giving intense pleasure to himself.

But, Mike was close to ......…

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike was very close to cumming on her mouth. The way she moves her tongue while accepting the thick rod inside her mouth was very intense for Mike. He could barely hold himself thinking he can't cum before them.

But he knows that's not possible because he was almost on the verge of cumming.

"Shit! Alena, I'm cumming. Take it all in your mouth!" Mike instantly removed his hand from Ava's pussy and instantly pressed Alena's head as a normal reaction.

Slurp! Slurp!

It became intense when he released a mouthful of cum. Mike instantly remembers his mistake and pushes his finger inside Ava right after cumming her mouth.

"Ummmm! This is so sweet and hot!" Alena spoke while her mouth bulges with his cum.

"Alena, it's not fair. Share it with us!" Ava boldly turned her head at Alena and shouted. Unfortunately, Mike couldn't see that. Alena also understood her intention and got near her. Seeing that, Ava opened her mouth wide as a load of cum entered from Alena's mouth.

Soon, that exchange transformed into an intensifying kiss. Both faces were red as they shared his cum and kissed each other. Seeing this, Olive and Tori also got jealous and looked at each other. They silently smiled and moved their head closer.

"Mhmmmm!" "Ohhh!" "yessssss!" "Ngghhhh!"

In an instant, the moaning became ritual. Four hot girls shared kisses with each other while Mike didn't even get a chance to enjoy it. After few minutes, a hot wall slowly covers his thick rod and Ava also changed her place.

Mike had to move his hand to continue pleasuring her when he felt a thick and tight wall pressing his thick rod like sausage. Understanding everything that was happening, Mike instantly released his Sex Aura.

Although he could give her enough pleasure through his raw dick alone, he wanted to make this their most memorable experience. In an instant, all four got affected by Sex Aura. Alena got affected the most because the Sex Aura urges their pussies.

And, when something urges their pussies, they need to calm it down with something. Finger, tongue, and a dick, among these, his dick was the best choice.

"Ahhhh! Oh my God!"

When Mike's thick rod stretches her inner part and hits her womb, an intense pleasure struck her mind. And more importantly, it wasn't completely swallowed. At least, twenty-five percent still remained outside.

With so much of his dick outside, Alena obviously felt intense pleasure because the more she presses down, the higher it struck. Her womb was the block point for his dick. It couldn't go past that but it could still press it.

"Ohhh-yessss! Ahhh! I love it! Yeah!!!!"

Each time she makes those lovely moans, a blissful expression appears on his face. Mike was sure that she was enjoying it to the fullest. But he also knows that he must finish his job as well.

So, he started fingering the G-spot of the girls as well as with his tongue. In an instant, the entire room was filled with moans of these girls. Surprisingly, each of these girls was facing each other while making a lustful expression on their faces.

But the girl who was enjoying the most would be Alena. His thick hot rod was stretching her pussy wide with each thrust. She was barely able to move her hips while he was entering the deepest section of her pussy.

"Ummm! Yeahhh! Fuck!"

"That's the spot! Mike!"

"I love it! Deeper Mike! Hit that spot!!!"

"Mike! I'm cumming!"

After two minutes, all four ladies shouted together.

Psssssh!

His face, hands, and dick got covered with their cum. Just when they came, they instantly went to relax mode. But Mike wasn't relaxed at all. He instantly got up while holding Alena from her ass. Then, he stood up in the bed while slamming his dick inside her.

"Hmmm!

He sticks out his tongue and calls for a hot kiss with cum on his face. Alena agreed without hesitation giving him a hot kiss. With the hot kiss, Mike's dick kept ramping inside her pussy. Kiss and a dick, she couldn't take both of them at the same time.

Her expression turned slutty as she stuck her tongue out while separating her mouth from his. Suddenly, Ava stood near him and kept blowing hot air in his ears. Her breath made him even more erotic as he started slamming her down with greater force.

"Ahhh! Shoot! Shoot! Slow down, Mike! I I I I I I will die!"

Feeling the hot thick cock rampaging inside her with the smooth and rapid movement, she cried out with hot tears dripping down her cheeks. At this moment, it was no longer the pleasure s the pain accompanied it.

"Look here bitch!"

To enhance the excitement, Tori turned Alena's face towards her and instantly jammed her lips. The hot kiss from a lady while the hot cock from a guy blows her out.

"I'm cumming!"

After a huge cum from her pussy, Mike finally stopped as he put her down. Then his hungry eyes glared at Tori who was standing in front of him. While kissing Alena, she was fingering her pussy. Sticking her hot liquid in her finger, she looked at Mike with a slutty expression and slurped it.

It was a declaration of war. Mike's eyes turned red with excitement as he caught her. Tori wasn't surprised by his actions. She bent down sticking her butt to his dragon. Mike grabbed her waist with his left hand and held his dick with his right hand.

He carefully placed it at the door of her pussy and slowly pierced inside.

"Ahhh!"

A painful moan rang from her mouth. Mike slowed down but didn't stop.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! It hurts!" Tori was a pure virgin. When she felt her uterus stretching out because of his dick, she felt immense pain from it. As Mike continued, the pain in her uterus only increased.

"Ummmm!"

Suddenly, Ava got in front of Tori and grabbed her head. Surprised to Mike and Tori, she slammed her head into her pussy.

"Stick out your tongue and play with my cunt! You won't feel any pain."

Tori did as she was told and stuck out her tongue. Her face was already covering her pussy and the tongue got in easily. This made Ava moan with pleasure. Seeing this, Mike didn't beat around the bush and slammed his dick inside.

"Ahhh!" "Hmmm!"

One mouth released a sound of pain, another mouth released a sound of pleasure.

While Tori screamed in pain, she stuck out her tongue deeper into Ava's pussy granting greater pleasure to her. Few drops of blood dripped out of Tori's pussy. Mike knew this would be hard, so he didn't stop. He has taken the virginity of two people.

One might be unconsciously, but another one was not. Although he wasn't proficient, he knew what to use at this moment. Covering the entire room with Sex Aura, he started slamming his dick inside her.

"Urgh! Ahhhh! Ohhhh! Yeahhhh!"

The sound of moans slowly transformed from pain to pleasure. Slowly but surely gets the gist of the pleasure as his dick kept rampaging inside her pussy. But she was very tight. Mike wanted to say that but he kept his mouth shut.

He keeps focusing on slamming her pussy. While she was enjoying his dick, Ava was also getting some enjoyment. Alena was too tired to continue. As for Olive, she took Ava's place. She got behind Mike and started licking his neck.

That was too enticing. Even till now, he doesn't believe this is really Olive. But he had no time to think this through and through. He just wanted to enjoy. So, he let her lick his neck while he kept pounding Tori's pussy.

After three minutes,

"Mike, I'm cumming!" It didn't take a long time for her to cum. But Mike wasn't satisfied. He shouted "Don't cum now! Let's cum together!"

"Ahhh! Ohhh! Yeah!!!!"

"Ahhhh! Mike, you are going too fast!"

"You are stretching me inside."

Tori was slowly losing her mind as Mike increased his speed. He started moving his hips at a faster rate and cum faster. After all, Tori doesn't have much control over her cum.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

His balls were jiggling as his cock hits her womb and her ass cheeks. The sound was more tempting as he kept banging her with greater force. Suddenly, Olive lips covered his lips, and two deeply entered the passionate kiss state.

Their tongues encircled each other while sucking each and every drop of moisture from each other's mouths. Suddenly, Mike stopped the kiss and shouted "Tori, let's cum together!"

He doesn't understand how she was able to hold it nor he cares. But when he said that, a huge load of cum came out of her pussy. At the same time, another huge load of cum came out of his thick rod.

"Take it all in!" Until he poured the last drop of his cum in her pussy, he didn't let it out.

Thud!

With hot semen pouring out of her pussy, Tori fell on the bed. As for Mike's thick rod, it kept its dragon form in front of Ava. Mike smirked and said "It's your turn" As the hot semen followed out from the tip.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Gulp!

Seeing the rod that was thicker in her hand, she couldn't help but swallow back her saliva. But deep down, she was dripping wet. At this moment, she was yearning for this dick. After all, she wasn't a virgin like Tori.

But she wasn't a slut like Alena either. She lost her virginity due to a short love. After that, they broke up and she never had sex. Ava slowly walked closer and cling to his body. She grabbed his thick rod with her soft hand and whispered "Which position do you want to play?"

"How about this?" Mike instantly grabbed their left leg and placed it on his shoulder. Then, he held positioned his dick near her pussy and slowly enters in.

"Ummm!"

A moan that rang on his ears brought a soft sensation. Feeling her hot breath, his speed also increased. Although he didn't go rapid at once, he did enter inside her in a single thrust.

"Ughh!"

Feeling the thick rod inside her, she grunts. At the same time, his hands grope her boobs. Among this group, her boobs were the largest. Although they weren't at the level of Lauren, they were still considered big.

He takes his thick rod back only to slam it again. His movement brings immense pleasure to Ava but that didn't stop there. After fucking her in this position for three minutes, he settled her down. Going above her, he started slamming his dick inside.

At the same time, he fiercely kissed her while playing with her breast. He started going all out and focusing on a single girl. Being ravaged by Mike, Ava could only feel the immense pleasure on her mind. She was slowly going blank.

"Ahhhhh! Mike! Harder!"

Mustering her courage, she shouted to increase the speed. Mike smirked at her words and gradually increased his speed. This time he went all out as he grabbed her waist and started slamming her. Each strike hits her womb making her expression slutty.

"Tooooo fasttttttt!"

Feeling the speed of his dick going in and out, Ava shouted. She couldn't bear that speed. But he had no intention of stopping. Only after another two minutes, Mike shouted "I'm cumming!"

This was his third time. But Ava was still not cumming so soon. Since she didn't respond, Mike didn't cum as well. He controlled himself and started playing with her breast once again.

But he didn't stop pounding her. Instead, he increased the pace. It continued until both of them finally cum at each other. This session was so great that she couldn't even hold for the next session and fell on the bed.

Finally, he turned his head at Olive. With his Ultimate Sex Stamina, he couldn't get tired of sex even if he wants to. Unless he deactivates this ability, it's almost impossible.

When Mike turned his head at her, Olive felt a hungry wolf setting his gaze at her. As if he was hungry for ages and couldn't be filled no matter how much he eats. But when Mike got near her, he slightly leaned closer and whispered "Are you sure you want to do it?"

Mike felt something different about Olive. Even though she joined other girls, he still felt insecure for her. What if she regrets doing this? What if she leaves him after doing this? Even though he knows it is not possible, that might not be true.

Nobody is certain especially in the world which is ruled with strength. He is certain that Olive is still hesitating a little, unlike other girls. So, he just wanted to make sure. But when he asked her that. She instantly grabs his head and gives him a hot kiss.

Their tongue intertwines and the sweet aroma spread from one mouth to another. At the same time, she grabs his thick rod while he grabs her ass. Olive's asses were a little bit thin but he could still grab them.

And, they were fun to grab as well. While grabbing them, he did make sure to pinch them. As for Olive, she kept stroke his thick rod. There is a sensation known as satisfaction. During sex, there are several ways to get satisfaction for a man.

Rubbing your dick between two giant boobs gives satisfaction and a blowjob on top of that gives another level of satisfaction. Cumming from a blowjob or boobjob also gives a certain level of satisfaction. Stroking your dick with your own hand doesn't give much satisfaction at least not as much getting your dick stroked by a lady.

Even a kiss gives a certain level of satisfaction. But, all of these satisfactions instantly rise up and even breaks the bar when your dick gets stroke by a lady that you desperately wanted to fuck. That's the same level of satisfaction that is striking Mike.

Just a handjob but he felt better than all three of them combined. But he knows a strong man satisfies his woman. So, how could he let her satisfy him? He instantly grabs her ass and lifts her. This made her startled but she doesn't reject it.

He slowly puts the tip of his rod at the entrance of her cave. He lifts his head and looks at her eyes, saying "I'm going in."

Olive nods her head and bites her lips. She knew this is going to be painful. No matter how much strong you get, no matter how much pain you bear, it still hurts when you lose your family, relatives, or even loved ones.

Virginity is the same thing. No matter how strong she gets. No matter how much pain she bears. Her first time still hurts just like it would when she was normal. Yep, she could buy painkiller meds but that is not helpful.

In Sex, pain is a form of pleasure. If it wasn't true, why masochist even exists? These are the people who have the highest level of experience in sex. Because these people can convert any kind of pain, humiliation into pleasure.

That's true sex. When you have sex, you are stretching someone's organ. That's painful. When someone pinches your skin, you always say 'it hurts'. Sex is the same thing. Sex drives pain. And those who can feel pleasure from the pain are the experienced person.

Mike understands she will feel the pain when he breaks her virginity but when she gets the gist of the sex, she will feel the pleasure from the pain. That's why she goes slowly for the first time. But he doesn't stop. He reaches the end and strikes her womb.

Just like Mike expected, when he does that, she tears up. That was one hell of a painful experience. But surprisingly, she didn't ask him to stop or anything. She just tears up and lets him in. After three strokes, he increases his speed.

After breaking four virginities, two while being conscious, he gets a pretty good idea of what he should do. Your first expression is everything. That's what people tend to think. And, it is true. So, he knows what should he do right now.

Olive is not a weak girl. In fact, she has tolerated all kinds of torture. She is strong. So, if he starts slow as he did with Tori, it won't work out. He needs to do what he did with Lauren.

After going slow for three-stroke, he instantly increased his speed. At the same time, he instantly used his Sex Aura. With his thirteen inches long dick and sex aura, Olive instantly found pleasure in pain especially when his thirteen inches long dick hits her womb.

At the same time, he stuck out his tongue and moved towards her. When she saw his tongue moving out, she leaned her dripping face near her and swallowed his tongue inside. Her eyes were like someone who has been working for days.

Her expression was changing as the slutty smile appears on her face. Not only, Mike, but even she also moves her hips up and down in his embrace. Originally, Mike thought it would be good for going hard on her. But later he realized he needs to go super hard on her.

After a long session of seven minutes, both of them came. With her permission, he poured all of his hot semen inside her, knocking her out. But just when he thought he had finished his job, he found three ladies glaring at him like a hungry pack of wolves.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Next Afternoon,

"That was amazing!" Opening his eyes, Mike looked at the ceiling and spoke.

The intense night of pleasure finally ended with five people sleeping naked. Some had their legs on someone's face, while some were completely above someone. Either way, the five people slept for the entire ten hours.

"Ladies, it's already afternoon! Shouldn't we wake up?" Mike turned his head at the ladies around him and spoke. Olive was still above him, sleeping on his chest while others were sleeping on his arms and legs.

His entire body was either a bed sheet or a pillow.

"Five more minutes, please!" Olive snuggled into his arms while mumbling in her sleep. Mike helpless stayed that way for five more hours.

......

After five hours,

"Ubbb! Ugh! Cough! Cough!" While eating, something stuck on his chest making it harder for Mike to continue eating.

"Eat slowly! Your food won't go anywhere. Here, drink this!" Ava spoke while passing him a glass filled with water.

"Glug! Glug! Glug!!" Mike caught the glass and drank the whole glass of water and finally breathed.

"Haaaa! You don't understand. Do you know how much stamina I spent previously? If I don't eat enough, I will die." Nothing comes without the price! Even stamina is the same aspect. This divine ability has a unique ability to create stamina seemingly out of nothing.

But, that's not entirely true. Although it does come out of nowhere, it needs something to recharge it once again. So to say, it actually accumulates the stamina from his own body and stores it. Once used, it needs to be refilled again.

He hasn't used this except one time. And, at that time, he went to sleep pretty early considering Jenny cumming in every five minutes.

"By the way Mike, it seems like the rules for the next stage have been published," Tori spoke while scrolling through her phone browser.

"So, what are the rules?" Mike asked while stuffing a chicken leg piece in his mouth.

"This fourth stage is going to be hard. First, as its name suggests, it will be held on space though it will be the virtual space." Tori spoke while giving him a glance.

Mike nods his head while taking out the leg bone from his mouth and spoke "We could guess that. So, what makes it hard?"

"Well, it says that we will be sent to the space between Jupiter and Mars. It is one rocky place to go on a space for a battle. But, there would a problem that everyone needs to overcome." Tori explained giving them some breath of time to accept it.

But, Mike butt in by asking "Of course, it's a problem. We are going on a battle, not for the sightseeing. So, what actually makes it hard? Just tell us already."

Whack!

"Just shut up and listen to her!" Ava slammed his head with her palm and shouted.

Mike instantly nods his head like a stray dog while Tori continues "While we are in the space, our navigation system will be locked. So, we will be floating between Jupiter and Mars without a navigation system."

"But, that's not a problem. The main problem would be the objective of this stage. Unlike last man standing battle, here seven-team has a chance to win. But, to do so, you must secure a flag that would be somewhere between the space available for us."

"And, there's another problem. These flags are hidden. So, we won't be able to find it with our naked eyes even if we use the flashlight in the space which seems pretty ridiculous. So, our only option is to unlock the navigation system."

"Fortunately, there is a way to unlock it. You see, in that space, our spaceship can hold on for fifty strikes, no matter how destructive it might be. In other words, whether it is a big rock or a small pebble, as long as it hits our spaceship, it would be considered a strike."

"If we get fifty strokes, our spaceship will explode and we'll die unless we teleport ourselves out at the forty-ninth stroke. But then, we will lose. So, our only option for winning is to secure a flag. There will be a total of hundred spaceships floating around."

"And, we need to keep our spaceship safe from our opponents and the rocks. If we fail to do so and got a strike by the enemy, then not only we will be at disadvantage but also makes it easier for our opponent to win. Do you understand what I'm telling you? If our opponent strikes our spaceship, they will gain one point."

"If they can attain ten points, they can unlock one-fifth of the navigation system. By one-fifth, it means our navigation system can locate everything within one-fifth of total space between Jupiter and Mars."

"Hmm! Then, can't we just blast the lasers at our enemy ships? Although, they can do the same to us as well." Mike spoke but soon realize the problem of his solution.

"That's another problem that we will face. These spaceships won't have any kind of weapon. They are only prepared for transportation. If we want to attack them, we must wear the spacesuit and fight in the middle of space."

"It is much more dangerous since another spaceship or asteroid could hit you while you are fighting your enemy." Tori tapped her forehead in distress.

"I see no problem here. Ava won't be in a group but including Andrew, if four of you defend the space, I can attack the opponent on my own. Although it might take a while." Mike chews another piece of meat while speaking.

"Hush! That's the problem. The spacesuit that we need to wear is specifically designed to bear the impact of every kind of combat. So, it needs to be recharged every ten minutes. That means we need to run away after fighting for ten minutes."

"Even if we want to fight longer, we need to make it a tag team battle. That's why we need to focus on something else."

"We need to decide on the attacker, defender, and the controller. Since these are the three major jobs, we need to focus deeply on them. You are going to be an attacker. That's for sure. But, we need another attacker."

"Currently, we have two options. Alena with immense speed and Olive with high fighting power. I can use my six tails form for the defense while Andrew can control the spaceship. So, we need to decide on Alena and Olive."

"And, we also need to decide whether to fight our enemy for the ten minutes or run away after striking few times. By the way, there is a time limit. Thankfully, our spaceship can travel with half of the light speed, we can basically reach from one end to another end after we repair our navigation."

"Without navigation system, A.I. won't be able to handle the space. That means until we recover our navigation, we need to control it on our own. Of course, I will send a text to Andrew and make him ready to fly a spaceship within a day. Although he might not be strong, he has lots of plus points. And, reading is one of them." Tori explained everything in detail, making the group fall silent.

"Well, nothing we can do about it. Let's just focus on resting for now! I am sure everyone is tired." Mike smirked and looked at the blushing red faces. They were dodging his gaze and he could feel the shyness. He was surprised that even Alena was feeling shy.

'Did my cock satisfied her to the limit that her emotions have changed?' Mike even began to doubt. But the next second, he completely forgot about it and focused on eating. While chewing the meat, he sets his gaze on his new stats though nothing much had changed.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (Eighth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +500 STR, +200 AGI (SS-Rank)

STR: 3117

AGI: 3051

INT: 1292

STM: 1390

DEF: 3108 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Meteor Fist, Lightning Spear, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Storm Steps, Sky Lightning Fist, Tyrant Lightning Dragon, Tyrant King of Lightning, and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Domain (Meteor Fist), Lightning Domain (Sky Lightning Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Alena Babbage, Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Tori Pratt, and Ava Eliot

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500000

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"Puffffff!"

Suddenly, Mike bursts food he was chewing from his mouth. And, it just had to fall on Tori's face.

"MIKE!!!!" After that, a powerful roar resonated in the room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Are you sure you have eaten enough?" Alena turned her head at Mike and asked while walking out of the room.

"What do you mean by that? I was only super hungry yesterday, okay?" Mike's eyebrows twitched as he sensed the sense of insult on those words, so he couldn't help rebuke.

"Yeah! Yeah! One man eats the food of two hundred people! Just where did all that food go? Because you still ate HALF OF THAT JUST a FEW MINUTES AGO." Alena shouted back while pointing her finger at his chest.

When they got a bill for the food that Mike ordered, they almost fell to the ground.

Two million dollars worth of food! And, he finished that in a single night. Although the food of this hotel is expensive, two million for a single meal is still too much. And, Alena was forced to pay because the hotel manager ordered that much food from outside.

Tori refused to pay because Mike spits the food on her face while Olive hadn't had so much at that moment. They couldn't even ask from his master because he disappeared the moment he saw that much entering Mike's room.

"But Mike, are you going to be alright? Alena is not angry at you for spending three million on two meals rather concerned about you." Olive asked him with concern, tugging his hand.

"Don't worry! Don't worry! I am more than just fine. I am super fine. But, where is Andrew? He hasn't arrived yet." Mike patted her shoulder to remove her anxiety and spoke with a big smile on his face. They were waiting for Andrew outside the arena for almost half an hour.

"Tori, where is he? The first round will start in few minutes." Mike looked at the girl standing behind Alena and asked.

"Humph!" Tori snorted at him and folded her arms. She didn't reply and made an angry expression.

"Come on! I already apologized ten times. That was just an accident. I was shocked after remembering something and ended up spitting food on my face. It was just an accident" Mike walked closer as he tried to explain but only got the glare from Tori.

Hearing him, Tori yelled, "Do you think I would forgive you after you spit your chewed food on my face?"

Mike sighed and tried to explain again "But, I also cum on you. You didn't min......….. Ouch! Ow! Ow! Ow!" Suddenly, Alena stepped on his foot, giving him a deadly glare.

Mike gulped his saliva and shuts his mouth. Since he couldn't speak, he started thinking about the problem he was currently facing.

'Just five hours weren't enough. I couldn't finish a single style. This is going to be a major problem. Originally, I thought I could really on it for the future battles, but I only succeed in establishing the foundation.'

'No wonder, it is hard to comprehend Laws. And, Space Law is one of the top Laws in the universe. To figure out space coordination took me three hours, stabilizing my spatial control took me another two hours. But, that's it!'

'I didn't get a chance to create a new skill. Teleportation is a life-saving technique. Whether it was against that giant fire dragon or that phoenix flames, it helped me on several occasions. But, it costs too much stamina.'

'With my new technique 'God of Sex Modes', I need to preserve as much stamina as I can. Just a single use for less than two minutes made me eat two million worth of food. Though, Unlimited Sex Stamina also contributed to that.'

'But, this still consumes a lot. As my current realm, I might not use it too often. But a higher realm means a bigger difference. There are geniuses countless times better than that half-elf. If I want to face them in battle, I can't win without using those modes.'

'Nope, I shouldn't think that much far. Currently, I have only developed the first version. And, I don't even have an idea for the second one. Still, though, the first version costs too much stamina. If I awaken Celestial Bloodline, I might start using it on normal occasions, so I must prepare something to satisfy my stamina.'

'Hmm! Meat is probably the best option. But, those normal meats won't be any good. I need MONSTER BEASTS MEAT. Only then, I can satisfy my hunger. But, I can't afford the monster beast's meat every single day. I need to hunt them on my own.'

'But, the problem would be cooking????????????? Wait a freaking minute, when did cooking become a problem for me? My mom is already a great cook. And, there is another person that surpasses all of those head chefs of a popular hotel.'

'Jenny!!!! She can cook the best food for me. As for monster beasts, there are portals in unhabituated zones, right?'

While thinking of it, a gloomy and evil smile appeared on his face.

"Hehehe!"

Bang! "Ahhh!"

"Shut up! You are scaring others with that crazy laugh." Suddenly, Alena smashed a punch on his head making him bite his own tongue.

"That hurts!" Mike couldn't help but glare at her. But seeing her glare that seems like the gaze of the Lord of Hell, he instantly turned around as if nothing has happened.

After a minute, Andrew finally arrived while gasping a lot.

"You okay, man? You look like a guy who is running away from his girlfriend's wrath." Mike supported Andrew to help him stand up and spoke.

"Wa----it a -----minutes!" Andrew starts taking few long breaths. Slowly, his respiration cycle got balanced and he starts explaining them with a bow.

"Sorry, I slept late yesterday and woke few minutes ago. I had to finish the entire detail of the spaceship."

"Since you have finished your job, there is no need to apologize." Mike patted his shoulder with a gentle smile.

"Alright boys, we need to leave," Alena spoke but her voice coming from afar.

"Hey, wait for us!" Only then, Mike and Andrew realized that the girls were already inside. They caught up in hurry and finally walked towards the battlefield together. But just when they entered in the range of the crowd's gaze, they were left stunned especially Mike.

"Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!" "Mike!"

The entire crowd started cheering upon his arrival. For a moment, Mike got startled and frozen. But when he saw the enthusiasm shown by every lady present in the arena, he quickly recovered himself.

'If it is in front of the lady that I haven't fucked, I must make a gentleman image.'

Mike muttered in his mind and walked straight towards the battlefield with a charming smile on his face.

'It feels amazing except I don't have a handsome face. I am around average. Claire, do you have any tricks to make me handsome?' Mike thought inside his mind and asked.

"Host appearance will change once you awaken Celestial Bloodline." Claire's voice rang on his head.

'Damn! This again? Do you think I don't want to improve my realm? Four S-Rank ladies! Four! If I use the Chaotic Path towards the Harmony while fucking them, my cultivation realm will soar. But, this fucking tournament is one my way.'

'I can't improve my cultivation while I'm in the tournament. Though, I feel relieved after learning that Olive is a Heavenly Maiden. Even if Lauren doesn't succeed within a month, I still have Olive. Though, I am pretty sure that she can't become a complete Heavenly Maiden without her twin sister's talent.'

'Berserk plus regeneration! As long as they are combined, she can win against any kind of weapon, especially in a long fight. Huuu! For now, let's not focus on others. I have my own set of problems that I need to deal with.'

'Although Spirit blooms in the midst of battle, I still need to concentrate on creating a skill. I don't know if I will ever get a chance at the battle, so I will not set this as my main mission. I need to secure the flag for my team to win.'

Suddenly, his gazes shifted around as he felt the number of people on the battlefield has increased. The number was the same or even more than the previous stage. But, lots of people got eliminated, so how?

Mike slides his head near Alena and asked "Hey, why are there so many participants today? Shouldn't we have fewer participants in this stage?"

"Oh! I forget to tell you about it." Alena got startled when Mike asked her the question. She touched her cheeks and explained "You see, except this arena, the royal family has to pay for other areas. You know our Empire Government is diplomatic, right?"

"So, the government doesn't own everything. Other arenas except this were the personal properties of the top eight families. If the government keeps using them, they will have to pay a lot. That's why they gathered every participant in a single arena."

"There are two thousand and five hundred remaining participants. Each round will be held for eight hours. After that, the next round will start. So, we need to act as we planned, okay?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Don't worry, I will act according to our plan." Mike nods his head with a serious expression reassuring Alena.

"By the Mike, you have a new fan group!" Olive took out her phone and showed him one of the websites with his title name.

"What the hell? How can they use that title as a website name? Isn't it illegal to use such a name?" Mike shouted with a shocked expression on his face.

"Of course, it is. But, just look at the top members of your fan group." Olive nods her head and showed him the member list. When he got a closer look, these names became much more identical to him.

"Sharley" "Margaret" "Piper" "Layla" "Ankie" "Jane" "Becky" "Tori" "Ava"

"Huh! Aren't these the girls who participated in the battle and confessed to me that day?" Mike asked with a little bit of confused expression. After all, names were very similar.

"Idiot, it's you who is not looking around properly." Alena shifted his head at the northern side of the battlefield and shocked him. On the northern side, there was a huge stage where few girls were standing while holding a huge flag with few words return on it.

"God of Sex- The manliest man among the men"

"What the fuck?" Mike's jaws almost hit the ground when he read those words. Manliest man, for the god sake, was pushing himself away from the sex for the fear of death for eighteen years of his life.

'How can I be worthy of this title?' But, when he remembered those days where he used to make frightening looks to avoid women, beat up boys to look violent, and even insult girls who used to purpose him for the sake of avoiding other girls.

He even failed his final exams twice in order to make a bad reputation so that girls won't even look at him. But, now he was called the Manliest man among the men. His eyes started turning red.

'On a second thought, this title really feels amazing.' The next moment, his eyes turned back to normal and a smile appeared on his face.

"Host, you just avoided those thoughts so that you won't cry!!!" Claire's voice rang in his mind. She was speechless at how fast Mike changed the topic.

"By the Olive, how many members are there in my fan group?" Mike turned his head at Olive and asked. He completely ignored Claire's words as if he didn't even hear her.

"There are only fifteen hundred followers. There could be more but it has some restrictions on it. But, those restrictions are just ridiculous. It makes me frustrated." Olive gave him her phone. The page was showing the restrictions of the God of Sex Fan Group.

1. Only ladies above A-Rank Innate Abilities are allowed.

2. Whether it is married or unmarried, a lady must be ready to have sex with God of Sex at any given time or place.

3. Once a lady joins this group, you are the part of God of Sex Harem. You must follow the hierarchy system of his harem.

4. Only a lady with a 20 Billion Net Worth is allowed to join regardless of race or bloodline.

5. To be a top member, one must donate Five Billion to God of Sex to have a chance to spend a night with him.

........

"Wait a freaking minute, just who in the hell created this website?" When he saw the restrictions, he didn't know what to say. He couldn't help but ask Olive after reading the fifth restriction. He didn't continue scrolling down.

"Hump! Just look at the top right corner!" Olive snorted with frustration but her anger was only making her cute.

Mike slides his gaze at the top right corner and instantly dropped the phone on the ground.

Crack!

'Jennyyyyyyy! What the hell? How could she come up with such a ridiculous idea? No, I need to call her now.' Just when he was about to take out his phone, his body slowly disappeared as the blue light covered him.

"Huh!" His hands stopped as he noticed the change.

'Sigh! I will ask her tonight. But, what the hell is going on? How could she come up with such a ridiculous idea? Is she treating me like a prostitute? No wait, she wrote only top members are allowed to spend a night with me, and those who join this fan group are automatically included in my harem.'

'Though, I don't think they are recorded by the system. Am I correct, Claire?' Filled with many confusions, he even doubted his own understanding of the system and ended up asking her. Claire followed his words and a status panel appeared in front of his eyes.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (Eighth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +500 STR, +200 AGI (SS-Rank)

STR: 3117

AGI: 3051

INT: 1292

STM: 1390

DEF: 3108 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Meteor Fist, Lightning Spear, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Storm Steps, Sky Lightning Fist, Tyrant Lightning Dragon, Tyrant King of Lightning, and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Domain (Meteor Fist), Lightning Domain (Sky Lightning Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), and Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold),

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller, Tori Pratt, Eva Eliot, and Alena Babbage

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500012

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'Hmm! Why did Tori, Eva, and Alena shift from partners to slaves? Did something happened?' Mike got confused since there was almost no change in anything except system points and yin-yang partner/slave.

"Name- Jenny Flora

Age- 17

Cultivation- 1st Rank of General Realm (Second Evolution)

Innate Ability- Raging Dark Devil Dragon (SS-Rank), Kusanagi Sword [Incomplete] (SS-Rank)

Genetic Ability- Blood Manipulation

Bloodline- True Evil God (Unawakened)

STR: 3250

AGI: 3106

INT: 2054

STM: 3570

DEF: 3221

Status- First Mistress (Wife)"

'What? She already reached the general realm? And, what's with this bloodline section? True Evil God!!!! Sounds cool but why would her dad give her something related to evil? And more importantly, how did her Innate Ability evolve?'

Seeing her stats, Mike immediately understood the reason behind the shift of titles. But, many questions popped out.

"Five Thousand System Points for the Introduction of True Evil God! Would you like to know?" Claire's voice rang on his mind filled with little greedy taste.

'What? Alright! Tell me more about this True Evil God!' For a moment, Mike exaggerated but the next moment he agreed as he was very much curious about this so-called True Evil God.

"Yin and Yang, good and evil, light and darkness. In the multiverse, there are two opposing forces that will never die. True Evil God is the embodiment of all kinds of negative energies in the multiverse. As long as a single soul harbors a negative intent, the True Evil God will continue living even if it on the spiritual form."

"First Mistress inherits his bloodline but she hasn't awakened it. As long as she awakens her bloodline ten times, she will never die and probably remain as the First Mistress whose position will be unshakable. Only if, she awakens! Because the True Evil God is also the enemy of the entire multiverse."

"As long as her identity goes out, whether it a god or an immortal or a saint or a mortal, nobody will let her live." Claire's voice was a little shaky. Mike could feel the fear in her voice.

'But, she is not evil, right? I mean, you cultivate the level of gods and immortals. You got to have enough brainpower to separate good from evil. As long as she doesn't do anything bad, would they still try to kill her? Though, from my novel reading experience, they will certainly find some idiotic reason to kill her.' Mike asked her while biting his lips. He didn't expect something like this to happen.

"No, they have a valid reason to kill her. It is not her mindset that threatens them rather her bloodline. As long as she lives, she will continue spreading negative energy and thoughts to every living being on the multiverse subconsciously."

"That's why they can't let her live. And, once she awakens her bloodline ten times, she will never die. Her existence means the complete destruction and chaos of the multiverse. Fortunately, her realm is so low that people won't even notice her for now at least."

"And, considering the world, she is living, it will at least take more than a hundred thousand or even million years to awaken her bloodline unless." Claire paused for a moment.

"Unless what?" Mike asked with curiosity. He couldn't wait for her pause because he was too curious to learn more.

"Unless she ......."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Unless she moves to the higher world. But, it has its own demerits and merits. If she moves to the higher world, there will be higher chances for those powerful beings to sense her bloodline even if her strength is low. Of course, if she does moves, her cultivation will improve faster."

"If she can hide and improve her cultivation, then there might be some chances to live. But, once she awakens her bloodline a few times, True Evil God will sense her. And others might also sense her sooner, then she will eventually die. Because they will not let her awaken it ten times."

"Because True Evil God doesn't have any descendent with his bloodline, the multiverse is safe. Nobody can inherit his bloodline since there can't be two True Evil God in the multiverse. Host, it might be hard now. I think, not only other people and True Evil God, but even the multiverse itself will do everything to kill her." Claire's voice rang on his mind.

'Are you kidding? Do you think I will let my woman die? Claire, I don't care whether she has the bloodline of evil or good. If anyone dares to harm her, I will slaughter their entire eighteen generations. I don't care who tries to hurt her. If I can't even protect my woman, how can I call myself a God of Sex?' Mike's Slaughter Spirit was thick when he reminded Claire.

The thick yellow spirit spread throughout the airport. Suddenly, everyone turned their gaze at Mike, not understanding his intention.

"Blegh!" "Thud!" Suddenly, Andrew vomits on the ground due to the immense killing intent releasing from him. Tori, Alena, and Olive immediately support him but another man near their group instantly passed out.

"Is this guy planning to take out everyone here?" One of them shouted with an ugly expression on his face. There was a trace of fear and confusion when he saw the Yellow Spirit slowly rising above. The spirit was in the shape of the water.

It was irregular but as it rose up, its shape slowly transforms.

Bang!

"Mike, what the hell are you doing?" Suddenly, Alena punched him on his head bringing him back to reality. As his thoughts were disturbed, he realized everyone was looking at him with a weird gaze. Feeling the Slaughter Spirit leaking out of his body, he soon realized his mistake and bowed "I'm really sorry! I wasn't intending to do this. It was a momentary rage."

"I don't know what made you so angry, but you should realize about your surroundings more than you realize about your own thoughts." Suddenly, a young man passed near him and spoke while patting his shoulder.

"Huh!"

For a moment, all four of them excluding Andrew got surprised. When the young man passed by them, they didn't even realize it. Alena's eyes moved as she scanned the back of the young man. A tremendous shock appeared in her eyes as she pulled Mike and whispered "That man is the Sword Demon!"

"What? Doesn't that mean he is on this round with us?" Mike instantly raised his head to look at the young man's back. He was wearing a purple t-shirt with jeans and a sword sheath on his waist. But, there was another thing that caught his eyes.

The overwhelming aura bursting out of him. It was a like mad dog confined in a cage. Seeing this, Mike gulped his own saliva, and chains of thoughts rang in his mind.

'Damn it! This guy is many times powerful than Aarav. Even with the Zombie Mode, I don't stand a chance against him. But I can't retreat either. I need to do something. Opponents are getting stronger and stronger. This universe is filled with geniuses. If I slack off, then I will lose.'

'And, there is another problem of Jenny. Although it doesn't have much impact on my current life, it's going to hamper me in the future. I need to think of a way to improve myself without wasting my time.'

"Host, I forgot to tell you something about the True Evil God. Do you remember when I told you that his bloodline can't be passed down to anyone?" Claire asked as she disturbed his thoughts.

'Yeah! But, what are the descendants of the True Evil God? Is she also a descendant? But, she is human, right?' Mike asked her in confusion not minding her interruption.

"Well, it is not impossible for True Evil God descendant to be a human. In fact, anyone who is born with negative energy is considered the descendant of the True Evil God. There is a reason why his bloodline can't be passed down. It's because he can't have sex with anyone else but the True Sage."

"Although gender doesn't matter to them since they are born genderless, they still can't do it. Because they hate each other to the bone. In fact, they are completely opposite to each other which doesn't allow them to combine."

"Hence, they can't have a descendent. But, there rises a question. How in the hell did that human 'David Flora' get the True Evil God bloodline? By the way, fifty thousand system points have been deducted for all the information I revealed."

"So, I will continue proving the further information. Since this world is one of the lowest level worlds in the multiverse, it should be impossible for this kind of bloodline to exist here, no to be exact, it shouldn't even exist except for him. True Evil God is sealed. There is no way a puny human from this world can get the bloodline of the True Evil God."

"But, the system is not defective as well. This left me in awe. Just what in the world that man did to get this bloodline? No, I should ask. Just what is that man planning by letting his daughter inherit this bloodline? Is he planning to sacrifice his daughter for some kind of power? But I don't think so."

"No matter how many times I calculate this, there is almost not a single benefit he will gain by giving her this bloodline unless......." For a moment Claire paused then continued "Instead, those gods and immortals will search for everyone related to her and kill them. They will not absolutely allow her bloodline to exist."

"So, what in the world is that man planning? After deducting another one hundred thousand system points, I analyzed the True Evil God Bloodline in her body and found something unfathomable. That man..... except for the main source, everything was artificially created by him."

"He may have used some sort of technique or treasure but he pulled up something that was considered impossible even for True Evil God and True Sage. He must have gotten his hands on the main source and built the entire bloodline from it."

"After analyzing these situations, I came up to a single conclusion which might be one of the parts of his plan."

'Oh! What is it? And Claire, don't use system points without asking me!' Mike yelled at her feeling the instant breakdown of his mind. In an instant, one hundred fifty thousand system points were used already.

"No matter what kind of plan is it, there is one thing that can't be stopped. The utter destruction of the majority of the multiverse. I believe he already knows about you more than yourself. Although I don't think he knows about the existence of the system, he could know about your parents."

"And, if you are already the part of his plan, then eighty percent for the utter destruction of the majority of the multiverse is fixed. Now, I began to doubt. Meeting the First Mistress in the middle of a virtual game and only after you had completed the hidden task, and before you lost your virginity to Lady Lauren. Everything might not be a coincidence, don't you think?"

"If you could be the part of his plan, then he is manipulating everything."

"Hush!" Hearing her words, Mike released a deep sigh. He walked along with his team and entered the spaceship while asking Claire.

'If multiverse collapse, then even True Evil God and True Sage will die, right?'

Claire stayed silent for a moment and then answered "Yes!"

'Then, all I need to do is get stronger. If I reach the power level where I can break the multiverse with a single punch, could anyone still manipulate me?' Mike sat on one of the seats in the control room of the spaceship and asked.

"Nope! But...…"

'There is no need to add but. It might sound ridiculous. But, I have everything that I need to achieve it. And, I don't think I should say anything bad about Jenny's father. After all, even your father is manipulating me by setting up quests and dual cultivation.'

'But, I don't hate him. No, in fact, I respect him. He gave me a path to improve myself by fucking ladies. All I need to do now is to conquer those ladies. Claire, this is my epic adventure. I need to improve myself and get stronger. I realized my dream is not quite right.'

'Adventure can't be a dream. But, the title of God of Sex can be a dream. To achieve this dream, I am walking on the greatest adventure ever set for a man. And, this adventure will grant me the greatest strength above the multiverse.'

'I might be an idiot. But who needs to be smart if you can settle everything based on strength. If a fist can solve everything, why trash talk with your opponent?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, the navigation system is locked now?" Mike asked as their spaceship reached the space.

"Yep, it's completely locked." Andrew nodded his head while controlling the spaceship. Alena turned her head at Tori and said "It's your turn!"

"Alright!" Tori nodded her head and released her ability energy. In an instant, two tails appeared on her back and the energy burst into the spaceship. It slowly moved out of the spaceship and creates a yellow energy field around the spaceship.

"Hu! Now, we are completely safe against the small rocks and other objects. Of course, any strike with the power equal to that of normal thirteenth rank soldier can easily destroy the barrier." Although she said that with a smile, her entire body was sweating a lot.

"Take a rest! You are sweating too much. But, I have to say. Your Innate Ability is amazing. An ability that creates an enormous source of energy for you. And, you can also use that energy as you like." Mike couldn't help but admire her innate ability.

"Alright, less talking, more working! Tori and I will watch the left and right sides of the spaceship. Andrew and Olive will watch back and front." Alena pointed her index finger at everyone, giving them the orders like a commander.

Then, she pointed the finger at Mike and asked "You said you can comprehend something that can help us in this battle in two hours, right?"

"Ahh! I don't think I said two hours." Mike confusedly rubbed his head and said.

"Then, you are doing it. I want you to comprehend that without two hours. Until then, I and Olive will go for offense. Tori will guard the spaceship on her own. Unless you are awakened by Andrew, no matter what happens, you mustn't come out of enlightenment state, understand?" There was a hint of seriousness in her eyes as she said that.

She knew if Mike can comprehend something new, they can have a high chance of winning this battle. Although this might get risky, she is willing to bet everything on Mike.

Mike helplessly nods his head after seeing her expression and sat down on the ground in the lotus position. His hands were on his knees as he starts meditation after crushing two Enlightenment God Stone.

Currently, he has two goals. He wants to reach the second stage of Space Law. And, he wants to create the teleportation skill. But, either of them requires a tremendous understanding of space. For that, he got no choice but to use Enlightenment God Stone.

As he falls in the state of enlightenment, everyone else grabs their seat near the holographic screen. After choosing the spaceship, Tori installed a radio wave detector, gamma radiation detector, and even thermo detector.

This was the advantage of high-level virtual space. You can even connect real-world materials with the virtual world. That's why they planned everything ahead. Tori was rich. So, she had no problem buying these kinds of stuff.

After all, she had already registered herself as the top member of God of Sex Fan Group by showing her twenty billion net worth. Of course, that wasn't the limit but it still shows her own wealth.

"So, we are currently behind Mars. No wonder the rays of light can't reach here. But, this is also one of the advantages we have. Without light, nobody can see us unless they have used the same plan." Olive looked out of the window and spoke.

After having a relationship with Mike, her coldness decreased a lot. Or, at least with the people she knew.

"Ava was with us yesterday, so she already knew the plan. I didn't see Ava during the takeoff. I think she will use the same plan since it's safe. I bet most of our opponents are also using the same method." Alena spoke while turning her head at Olive. She liked seeing Olive cheerful.

"Alena, your tongue is a jinx." Suddenly, Andrew spoke with a timid tone. In front of him, there was a spaceship with its light flashing on its spaceship. Andrew could already see four people coming out of the spaceship.

"So early!!!" Alena cried in surprise. She stood up hurriedly and pressed the watch on her wrist. In an instant, a black suit appeared around her body. The black suit was completely covering each part of her body but it was very fitting to her.

There were red lenses on her eyes, giving her eyesight. Except that, there was nothing much in the suit. Because of its combat-oriented size, it can't hold any high-level technology especially when it is already filled with oxygen and temperature regulation that can't be destroyed by the innate ability of anyone.

Olive and Tori also transformed into the new black suits and went to the back of the spaceship. They closed the door and then opened the back door. Doing so, the air on the back went out but the air in the control room remained constant.

When they came out, they saw four people standing in front of the spaceship. Everyone was wearing the same suit. The suit lens had the Thermo detector and oxygen detector which can locate their opponent in dark.

But due to the flashlight of the spaceship, they were floating within the visible space. Tori stayed behind as planned and the other team did the same except there were two people standing behind. While two people walked out.

"Hey Olive, you take care of these two while I will find a chance to damage their spaceship," Alena spoke while rushing towards their spaceship. Just when those two tried to block her, Olive instantly appeared in front of her with the long blades coming out of her fingers.

Alena took the chance to escape from them and moved towards the spaceship. But, suddenly a black rope binds her and stagnant her movement. When Alena turns around, she saw a person in the black spacesuit releasing the black rope to bind her movement.

"You are Olive Xavier!" The person whose metallic fist collided against Olive's finger blades shouted. His tone was filled with anxiety. Suddenly, he turned around and shouted "Everyone, we can't win against them. Let's withdraw!"

"Withdraw? Can you?" Alena smirked upon hearing those words. Suddenly, the blood in her arms pumped out. In an instant, she held those ropes and smashed the person on their own spaceship.

"Gene Ability- Hundred Trunks Elephant Strength!"

Bang!

When the person collided on the spaceship, the black rope instantly disappeared. Suddenly, another person came from behind to help that person but Alena appeared in front of him and punched him.

Bang!

"Gene Ability- Shadow Leopard!"

When that person collided against the spaceship, she once again moved towards them. But suddenly, a green barrier appeared around them. The person who got punched by her stood up and took his teammate to the back of the spaceship.

"You think this can stop me!" Alena instantly understood why he stood up so fast. A grin appeared on her lips underneath the suit. She clenched her fist and punched out.

"Gene Ability- Iron Horn Rhino!"

Bang! Crack! Crack! Bang!

The barrier around her cracked into pieces and broke. Alena didn't chase them rather punched the spaceship.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Whoosh!

Just when she was landing another punch on it, the spaceship flew away. Her fast reaction allowed her to move out on time.

"Wow, Alena! How can you take so many genes and not die?" Tori instantly rushed towards her with twinkling eyes and caught her hands.

"Hu! Let's return back to the spaceship first!" Alena's breathing was fast and a little low in mood. All three of them returned back to the control room and the spacesuit returned back to the watch.

When Tori and Olive saw Alena's face, they instantly got shocked.

"Hey, why did you use so many genes?" Olive asked with anxiety as she took out a towel from her dimensional ring.

"Olive, that's the wrong question to ask!" Tori pushed Olive to the side and turned at Alena's shouting "How did you use so many genes? Or, I should ask how can you merge with so many genes?"

They were using the Sound Restriction Chip so, except for five of them, nobody could hear their words. When Alena uses her gene ability, she shouts its name. When they heard the name of three different genes, they got shocked especially Tori.

"Well, didn't I tell you already? My family is the nest of scientists. They already figured out the way to suppress the multiple Inherited Will." Alena spoke but only to find the confused look on their faces.

"Don't tell me that you don't have any knowledge of genes?" Alena asked with a helpless expression. She was already tired and didn't have any energy to explain those stuff.

Seeing them shaking their heads, she turned her head at Andrew and said "Can you explain the basic stuff about the genes with proper examples? I don't have the energy to do so."

Saying so, she took out the energy drink and drank it. She sat crossed legs and closed her eyes. Hearing her words, Olive and Tori turned their head at Andrew who wasn't looking at them. He sighed while looking at the front and spoke "Genes are the DNA that every creature possesses."

"But unlike humans, they ..............."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"They have the stronger genes. Since genes are the heredity part that is made up of the DNA. As a human, we inherit our genes from our parents. But, humans are completely normal. So, when we inherit the genes, we can easily make some changes from our parents or ancestor based on our Will."

"This is also the reason why humans have the high probability to awaken the Spirit. Because our inherited Will is so weak that it can easily be dominated by a stronger Will. Unlike us, other races have a strong inherited Will in their genes. To a certain extent over inherited Will, genes and bloodlines are very similar."

"Since other races tend to inherit their ancestor's Will, they can't create their own original Will. And, if we take their genes, we also inherit their Will. Human Genes are very weak compared to other genes. So, once it enters our body, it will destroy our human genes and replace it."

"That doesn't make us human anymore. There are some people who do this because they don't care about humanity. They just want power. And, if they do it, they won't consume as much stamina as we consume."

"Because half of the stamina that you consume while using the gene ability is used to suppress the inherited Will. If I have to make this more clear and give example as Alena said, then let's choose Mike for it."

"Mike has space-related gene. His gene ability is teleportation. Even though his gene rank is low, it still costs him a massive amount of stamina same goes for S-Rank genes. But, have you ever wondered why we need so much stamina for using the ability that should be a passive ability."

"After all, the tiger has immense strength. It's not the active ability. That is the strength that its body possesses. But, if we inherit their genes, we still consume stamina to use them. Why? Because our body isn't completely merged with those genes."

"Our body still works based on human genes. If we merge with them permanently, then our human genes will be destroyed or swallowed. The scientist has suppressed the inherited Will inside the dormant state of the gene."

"That means as long as we do not use our genetic ability, those genes will be dominated by our human genes. Because it's inherited Will has been suppressed. So, when we use the gene ability, the inherited Will erupts and tries to destroy/swallow our human inherited Will."

"Just like human genes dominated those genes when it's inherited Will was suppressed, it can do the same when human inherited will gets destroyed or swallowed. And so, scientists developed a method to suppress the genes using our stamina."

"So, when Mike uses his teleportation, he first activates the space genes that instantly transform his cells to release spatial wavelength within hundred meters around him. But at the same time, its inherited Will would be awakened. So, his stamina will be consumed to suppress it in the exact moment."

"Because he is forcefully releasing the spatial wavelength from his temporary transformed cells, he is consuming an immense amount of stamina. Not to mention, he consumes even more stamina when his brain calculates the spatial coordination with the help of the spatial wavelength."

"But for the creature with spatial power, it doesn't need much and works as a passive ability. They don't need to consume any energy like the ability energy to use it. Their bodies don't need a transformation since they have already adapted to it from their birth."

"And, they don't need to suppress their inherited Will. In fact, it helps them even more. Because gene ability is hidden in the inherited Will. This is why scientists can't forcefully remove inherited Will. Genes don't have the ability."

"Because abilities are the skills created by their ancestors. As they are passed down from generation to generation, they are practiced inherently by other races. And, if we try to add more genes to our body. Those inherited Wills might fight against each other releasing those genetic abilities inside a human body."

"Although the effect might be surreal for the human body, it will still destroy the human inherited Will. That means we will no longer be a human. As for why we can't suppress genes, it's pretty simple. When we modify our genes, fifty percent of it remains for human genes while another percent of its remains of the creature of that genes."

"To take proper control over hundred percent of the genes, we need to suppress the inherited Will of other creatures. If we take another gene modification, it will create a massive problem. Either it will fight against the other creature's genes to replace it or it will fight against the human genes."

"And, now if we want to suppress that inherited Will and then split fifty percent in half for two creature, then it requires an immense amount of stamina that is not possible for anyone below Commander Realm."

"A few days ago, Alena told me about S-Rank genes. So, I got more curious and search everything about it. So, I found that except for some A-Rank and all S-Rank genes, other genes do not have the function to consume lifespan if stamina is not enough."

"If we consume too much of the stamina, it will overload our brain and demolish our body. And, if we are above Commander, why would we try to take low-level genes even if we haven't taken one previously. So, it's not that we can't merge two different genes in a single body, rather it consumes a lot of stamina to suppress them. We just do not like taking risks."

"That means Alena's family must have created something that can merge more than two genes in a single body without any bad side-effect. This creation might change the overall universe. Because, I don't think anyone has been able to do so, not even in the higher world."

"In simple words, this creation might bring a bloodshed or revolution based on the strength of her family."

After explaining everything, Andrew didn't continue. He wasn't even looking at them. Olive and Tori weren't Mike. They didn't disturb him and completely listened to his explanation.

"I didn't expect that you would learn so much about genes within few days. It's quite amazing." Alena slowly opened her eyes and spoke with a gentle smile on her face.

"Are you alright?" Olive turned her head at Alena and asked with concern.

"So, is that why you proposed that?" Tori also turned her head at Alena and asked. Although she is together with them, it doesn't mean she has agreed to help Alena.

"Yes," Alena smiled brightly and asked.

Hearing that, Tori turned silent. Alena turned her head at Andrew and spoke "Andrew, I want you to join my family."

Because Andrew was looking at the space, she had to call him by his name. When Andrew heard that he instantly turned his head and asked "What do you mean?"

"You came from an average family. You awakened Undying Flame and got a chance to be his disciple. Although you don't consider your family to be average, compared to us, it is. You are particularly not good at fighting."

"To be exact, you wanted to save people than killing them. Your flames are unique as they can heal anyone. If you work harder, and with our technology, you might reach the point where you bring dead back to life."

"That's the power of Undying Flames. Of course, it can't add lifespan. I am only talking about injuries. And, more importantly, you are like an A.I. no, to be more specific, you are better than A.I. While A.I. can record everything it learns, it can't be creative."

"But, you can. As a human, creativity has been plunged into your bones. You just need the knowledge to support that creativity. There are still dozens of equations and laws that we haven't solved yet. So, I Alena Babbage wants to invite you to the Babbage Family."

Just when Andrew was going to say something, Alena raised her hand and stopped him as she continued "I know you were invited by the Revolution when you were ten years old. Although you rejected them, they didn't do anything to pressurize you. Not only that, they even asked Fire Emperor to take you as their disciple."

"HHHH-How did you know this?" Andrew's heart suddenly jerked as she forcefully suppressed his fear and asked.

"You don't have to worry about anything. I only learned it because we were able to hack into the Revolution Database once. Hahaha! We even got the warning from them for hacking their database." Alena cheerfully explained to him and patted his shoulder.

Alena continued "Unlike a revolution, we are only striving for Science. As you said, our creation might be bloodshed or a revolution. But, we will not stop. We will not stop until we can prove the ultimate theories of science and laws of the universe."

"A person who can instantly memorize anything he reads and never forget if he wants. A.I. can do the same. But, they can't be creative. So, we need you Andrew Matt for the revolution of Science."

Alena slowly bent her upper body and spoke with a bow "I hope you would join our family. We might not be the strongest but we will do everything we can to protect you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Can you give me some time to think it over?" Andrew withdrew his gaze to the front and spoke. He felt a little weird as he got invited by someone of his age. He couldn't help but remember the news about her.

'Alena Babbage, a thirteen-year-old girl made six multibillionaire companies fall into her commands.'

'Alena Babbage, this girl started her business at the age of ten starting with ten different tech companies at the same time.'

'Within just five years, each of her companies made over five hundred billion dollars profit.'

Although she was making money all farming milk from a cow, her family was spending it like a craze.

'Babbage family set its target to capture the black hole. Their newest mission costs around Fifteen Trillion dollars. Can they succeed?'

'Babbage family bought a destroyed state and claims to rebuild it from the dust. For this project, they have spent over Five Trillion Dollars.'

The business newspaper was going crazy about the projects released by the Babbage Family and the white profit made by Alena. Mike who has never read the newspaper in his life doesn't know much but other people certainly know this.

Especially those who read business news. This is why Andrew didn't reject Alena like he rejected Revolution. Because the girl standing in front of him was the business queen.

Tori understands this as well. This is why she was considering hard. Pratt family has immense wealth and has a good sense of business as well. More importantly, they have several members doing many businesses. And, they don't even spend on many unknown projects.

Although Babbage Family has been known for its invention, there were still limits. Several of their inventions were flopped causing massive economic downfall for them. If it wasn't for Alena starting her business at the age of ten, they wouldn't have any funds to create anything now.

Alena understood this very early in her age and took the step into the business. Although she didn't do something very extreme, her business still made over trillions of profit. And, thus the family resumes its research of science.

And more importantly, she started her business by borrowing the loans as her family condition was detrimental. Of course, nobody knows how she got several ideas for the new products and also the ideas to make tons of loyal customers.

But, most of her business creates tech using her family knowledge and her strategy.

Hearing his words, Alena merely smiled and returned back to her position. Olive couldn't help but look at her childhood friend. She was her childhood friend but she didn't know how Alena succeeds in getting over this many businesses.

If Mike was listening to this conversation, he would've guessed the part of the reason. In the end, even Mike doesn't know a complete reality.

At this moment, Mike was completely indifferent to everything else. Falling in the state of enlightenment, he was realizing the second stage of Void Law. Originally, he planned to create the teleportation skill but later, he found something necessary.

If he ends up fighting against Sword Demon, he knew he would lose even if he uses his Zombie Mode. That's why he needs something that can aid in his battle. Second Stage of Void Law, Merging with Space.

If he can merge himself with space, he can practically see every movement of his opponent even before his opponent makes a complete move. Of course, he will only get the spatial coordination of each movement, so he needs to make a prediction and act based on it.

So, it's not reading the future rather predicting the part of it. Like if the opponent moves his fist for the punch, where will it land, how much it will damage, and what would be the scope of the damage.

Everything would be clear if he can read the spatial coordination. And, this will also allow him to create Teleportation with higher proficiency. That's why he wanted to reach the second stage. Since he had already perfected the first stage through the system, he has an edge.

But, still, it wasn't enough. To reach the second stage, he must feel the space. If the first stage allows him to move anything he wants with the fast movement of space, then the second stage takes it even further. By understanding spatial coordination, he can practically choose the shortest and fastest route, almost close to teleportation.

Teleportation and Light Speed are completely different. Both are almost equal at the short distance but teleportation is king for the long-distance especially in space. If he merges with the space, he can do both.

While Mike was constantly figuring out the way to reach the second stage, his teammates faced one of their greatest fear.

"Damn! Damn! Damn! Why isn't spaceship moving?" Andrew smashes his fist on the table while pressing several buttons on the control panel.

"Andrew, you can't do anything. If you want to move out of this forcefield, you need to make the spaceship create a wormhole. You still haven't studied about the advanced computer system of the spaceship. You can't override the system with your current level of knowledge." Alena patted his shoulder and tried to comfort him.

"But….. But, if we don't escape, we'll lose." Andrew clenched his fist and spoke with an angry expression on his face. Suddenly, he closed his eyes. Alena and others also got sad. When they look out from the front window, a battleship was standing in front of them.

There was a man standing in front of the battleship with the sword in his hand. Currently, he had used the force field to trap the spaceships in a single place. Not just his opponent but his own as well. Normally, people won't use it unless they are confident in their strength.

And, from this level of confidence and the sword, they could easily guess the man behind the suit. They were facing against none other than the Sword Demon.

Alena and Olive looked at each other. They gave each other a deep glance and nodded their head. In an instant, the black suit covered their body.

"Hey, are you sure we should go like this? If we wake him up, we can have a better chance to win." Tori was shocked as they were leaving on their own. She stopped them and spoke while pointing at Mike.

"Are you willing to burden someone?" Alena turned around and asked. But before Tori could reply, she continued "I am not going to be his burden. If the situation calls for this, I must step up and fight till the end. But, don't worry, I am not going to die."

"If I can't win, I will withdraw. I still have a family to take care of."

Saying so, she turned around and started walking towards the back door. Unlike her, Olive had completely made up her mind to win or die. She has no further option.

"Alena, give me five minutes!" Suddenly, Andrew opened his eyes and spoke.

Inside the black suit, Alena made a beautiful smile that could make every man fall for her. Olive was also surprised along with Tori.

"Urgh! Alright, I will also help." Seeing them leaving and the determination in Andrew's eyes, Tori grunted and wears the suit.

After three of them leave the spaceship, Andrew instantly clicks on the watch on his wrist and spokes "Taylor, show me the entire Advanced Computer System Knowledge within two million words!"

Saying so, he retreated near Mike. He stood in the middle and kept the watch a few meters in front of him. In an instant, the watch released massive holographic panels filled with pages and pages.

"Sir, are you sure you want to do this? You are over exhausting your brain by reading over ten thousand words per second. If you get distracted, even for a moment, it might affect your neurons." The sweet female voice rings from the watch.

"I have to do this. For me, this tournament doesn't have much. But, for some, it matters more than their death. Olive told me that it is either top ten or death for her. I don't want my teammates to die because of my weakness. I might not be good at fighting but I know how to fight."

"This time, I will surpass my brain's limit and override the system managing this virtual reality." With the smirk on his face, Andrew's gaze instantly fell on the first word of the first page.

Outside the Spaceship,

"I didn't expect to face Sword Demon so quick." Alena stood in front of the Sword Demon and spoke while deactivating her Sound Restricting Chip.

"This voice?" Sword Demon frowned for a moment since he doesn't know the person inside the black suit. But hearing her voice made him remember as he continued "You are that girl. The teammate of God of Sex."

"Hehehe! I didn't expect even Sword Demon will call my boyfriend with his title. It makes him honored." Alena didn't care about revealing her identity since her goal was to gain as much time as she can.

"So, who is the God of Sex among you three?" Since all of them were inside the Black Suit, it was rather hard to find out. Sword Demon scanned them with his eyes and asked.

"My boyfriend is a little busy inside the spaceship. How about we settle this battle after he gets the free time." Alena spoke with a sweet tone.

"Oh! I see. I wonder if he will make time after I cut down three of you." Pointing his sword at them, Sword Demon speaks.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Let's see if you can!" Alena wanted to show her smirk but unfortunately, the black suit hides it. In an instant, her body disappeared as the wind passed on the dark space. The next moment, she appeared in front of Sword Demon.

"Gene Ability- Shadow Leopard!"

"Gene Ability- Hundred Trunks Elephant Strength!"

Former gave her the ability to instantly travel in space with the speed of a leopard. But in here, her speed increased by several folds since there was no friction to act against her. The moment she reached in front of the sword demon.

She jumped up and clenched her. In an instant, her Purple Shadow Leopard gene got replaced by Hundred Trunks Elephant Gene. She pushed her fist towards him while he simply raised his sword. Just when she thought she could push him away with her physical strength, massive energy released out of his sword.

"Invincible Sword Technique- Almighty Sword Push!"

In an instant, that energy transformed into a huge force and smashed against her fist.

Bang! Ding!

The moment Alena got pushed back, she reached several miles away without any friction against her. But the second later, ten long finger blades cleaved from above. Against such an attack, Sword Demon slides his upper body back and simply swings his sword to block it.

"Nice! But..... Not enough!" A mysterious smile appeared on his lips as he slowly lifts his upper body while Olive uses all of her strength to push him down. Suddenly, he drops his sword. Without the sword, ten-finger blades move towards his chest but he moves his hands and catches her wrists.

"Failure's Sword Technique- Swordless Slash!'

Just the moment before her finger blades could reach his chest, he lifts her hands. But when he does that, he instantly slides his hand to her shoulder with a chop.

Bang! Whoosh! Crack!

The mysterious energy revolved around his hand as it hits her shoulder. The impact of his strikes sends her down in space while cracking her shoulder bones. Suddenly, the lightning flashes from his right side.

Just when he turns his head, he sees Alena in front of him. She had already placed her fist in his stomach. Though he couldn't see her angry eyes, he could still feel her rage.

Bang! Splash!

The moment she placed her fist, an intense force released out. The force directly hits his stomach and pushed him several miles away in space. At the same time, the sword slashed her chest. There was utter shock and disbelieve in her eyes.

"When did he?"

The blood splattered inside the suit. The combat suit was doing its job. It was allowing them to breathe and properly manage the temperature. Except that, she will take everything that strikes on her suit including that slash.

"Sir! Sir!" Suddenly, a voice rang on Sword Demon's ears.

"What happened?" Sword Demon asked with a serious tone. He was keeping everyone busy so why did his teammate panicky.

"Sir, someone is overriding our system. If this continues then, the force field will be deactivated. The codes are coming from our enemy spaceship. I can only track it." The voice once again spoke with anxiety.

"What? Are you out of your mind? I might not have knowledge about technology. But I still know this virtual reality and the spaceships are functioned by the main computer system."

"The main computer system can't be hacked. Not this fast at least. And our opponents are sixteen years old kind. How do you expect to believe me that someone of that age would hack into one of the earth's most powerful computer systems?" Sword Demon shouted with rage in his eyes.

He was truly angered by the rules of the tournament. First, he had to work with people he didn't know. Second, he had to work with weaker people. And, just when he was having fun with the fight, his teammates started asking for help once again.

"Sir, I am not lying. I don't know who it is. But that man has definitely hacked into the Tournament's Computer System and through it, he entered our spaceship function. Within three and half minutes, the force field will be destroyed if you don't destroy their spaceship." His teammate spoke once again but his anxiety was only growing up.

Hearing his words, Sword Demon sighed inside the black suit. Although he doesn't believe in his teammate, he can't ignore the threat like this.

'Since that man is not coming out, I will simply force him.' Thinking of this, Sword Demon raises his sword while rushing towards the spaceship. Suddenly, the light flashes on the tip of the sword. It was like the reflection from the sun.

The light gets scattered into seven different lines and spread around the sword. When he reached a few hundred meters away from the spaceship, he swings his sword down.

Seven different sword lights unify as his sword slashes down, ultimately forming a giant yellow arc. But the next moment, the yellow arc released massive waves of flames. The flames surround the arc as it moved towards the spaceship.

"Invincible Sword Technique- Golden Sun Sword Intent"

The more distance it covers, the powerful those flames come. Slowly, it also changes color transforming into golden flames from yellow. When Tori saw the sword slash, she instantly three tails behind her. The yellow energy moves around her body until it spurs out of her body.

In an instant, the energy was compressed into three different balls. One ball moved at the bottom while two remained straight to each other. Suddenly, thick energy released out of the ball forming a shield.

"Three-Tails Energy Defense- Trigram Shield"

Bang!

The moment her shield was complete, the burning sword arc hits it. The flames spread wild, trying to escape from the shield but the energy released by the shield keeps the entire flames at it. As if the unknown force was pulling the flames in front of the shield.

This was the best part of this shield. Even though her shield has small in size, it keeps the attack at its center.

Seeing this, Sword Demon tilts his head and sighed "Your shield is strong but against the sword's intent, it has a major weakness."

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Bang!

Just when he said that the flames create dozens of cracks at the center. Sword Intent gets stronger the more it is focused. Golden Sun Sword Intent creates the golden flames that have the sharpness of a sword.

When her shield pulled all the flames into the center, its sharpness and temperature creates the crack in the middle followed by other cracks, and finally breaks it.

Splash!

But the sword intent didn't stop there. After colliding against the shield, it transformed from a single arc into two arcs crossing each other. The double-crossed arcs directly hit her chest creating a deadly sword mark. The blood spills inside her black suit.

"Now, you two are annoying me!" Suddenly, Sword Demon turns his head around and swings his sword. In an instant, a strong arc creates the golden flames around it and moves towards Olive and Alena. Olive had transformed into the white tiger filled with bloodlust and berserk energy.

"Invincible Sword Technique- Golden Sun Sword Intent"

Alena was inside the domain of special lightning of several colors.

"Grrrr!"

"Berserk Domain- Slaughter Dance under the Red Moon"

Bang! Bang! Boom!

Her ten-finger blades cross-slashed against the golden flames sword arc. Each finger creates a red arc that slices the flames into several pieces. But the sword thrusts forward against those ten blade arcs. The next moment, a massive explosion made by the flames swallowed ten blade arcs along with Olive in it.

Whoosh!

But suddenly, a finger rushed towards Sword Demon and reached in front of him. This time her fist was on his cheeks. The speed was almost uncatchable by the naked eyes but her eyes suddenly fell in disbelieve.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

In an instant, several cuts appeared on her body as she fell down. She didn't even realize when she got cut. Unlike the previous time, this time she got her answer.

"You are fast, many times faster than any opponent I've faced. But, you made another mistake like your friends. That girl's shield only made my attack stronger since she doesn't know that sword intent gets stronger when it is focused more. As for the previous girl, she tried to cut my flames forgetting that those flames were sword intent."

"She was just creating sparks for those flames to explode. Each collision made those flames violent and ended up exploding. As for you, speed is my strongest strength. And, you are using it against me? Don't you understand my sword attacks aren't deadly when I used them on you?"

"It didn't even pierce your muscles. But I can't say the same thing for your defensive friend." Although Alena listened to him, she only drifted away. The black suit was also acting as a speaker for them to hear it clearly.

"Sir, only thirty seconds remain! The force field will be destroyed soon." The voice once again rang on his mind giving him a surprise.

Sword Demon sighed and raised his hand along with his sword. Just like the previous strike, it blooms with yellow light. Light scattered into seven different paths and when the sword slashed.

"Invincible Sword Technique- Golden Sun Sword Intent"

Those paths combined together forming an immense sword arc. The yellow light slowly transformed into golden flames.

"I..... I can't reach." Tori who was drifting away in the space raised her hand, desperately trying to move but couldn't do it. Suddenly, a voice rang in her ears.

"You have done enough. Leave the rest to me!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Only Thirty Seconds Remain to his promise

"Damn! This is tough. I have memorized each of the codes but I still can't shorten the time. Even after hacking into the system, I still need to wait. Damn it!" Andrew was going on time but it wasn't enough. His teammates were getting beaten outside.

He wanted to shorten the time but still couldn't find any changes. He gritted his teeth and turned around. When he looked at Mike's position, his serious expression suddenly changed into confusion. Mike was not in front of him.

Suddenly, he turned around and watched the space outside, he found Mike standing in front of the spaceship. At this moment, bolts of lightning were raining around him. Mike was standing with his fist clenched.

When the golden flame arc reached in front of him, he punched forward. His fist was coated with Slaughter Spirit and Fighting Spirit. Adding the lightning around his fist, and infusing it with brute force, his fist smashed against the golden flames sword arc.

"Tyrant King of Lightning- Brute Lightning Punch"

Bang! Crack! Crack! Crash!

Upon collision, the lightning enters the innermost part of the sword arc, passing through the golden flames. But when it reaches the middle, the flames started colliding against the lighting with an intense force.

The collision created the sparks of lightning and flames all around Mike. Sword Demon was watching from afar so the sparks didn't reach him. But each spark collided against Mike with a terrible force. It was so strong that Mike was near the spaceship.

Whoosh!

Infusing the lightning around his body and brute force on his leg, he kicks over the lightning and rushed forward. The Gravity Domain makes his body light, increasing the speed faster than Mach 5. Mike raises his feet and smashed towards Sword Demon's neck.

But suddenly, his eyes move. The first strike was a vertical slash near his chest. Mike suddenly changes his feet direction and blocks the sword by his foot. The second strike was a horizontal slash. Mike releases the lightning from his right leg.

The lightning pierces Sword Demon's body and paralyzes him for a moment but suddenly, sharp sword energy is released out of his sword. Mike instantly lifts his right arm, infusing it with brute force and two spirits.

Bang!

Mike smashes his hand on the sword energy, breaking it into dust. But suddenly, Mike lowers his upper body towards the back, dodging the upcoming straight sword. Suddenly, Mike raises his left foot and kicks on Sword Demon's head while the Sword Demon slashes down.

"Teleport!"

The moment the sword reaches few centimeters away after piercing his spirits, Mike disappears and appears a hundred meters away. Mike lowers his head and looks at his spirit coating that was shattered by the sword.

In an instant, his face turns serious. Mike takes a deep breath and suddenly lifts both of his hands in a fighting position.

"God of Sex Version 1.0- Zombie Mode"

The lightning instantly reaches his brain and paralyzes the part which restricts his muscles movement. He didn't waste time waiting around and rushed towards Sword Demon. While stepping on lightning, his speed increased by three times.

"Oh! So, this is the technique you used to defeat that half-breed!" Sword Demon suddenly moves his sword to his left hand and swings it horizontally. The lightning flashed on his left side and the leg collided with the sword.

But suddenly, Sword Demon's eyes shrunk.

"I knew you would do that." Just when those words came out of Mike's mouth, his foot was already at the right side of Sword Demon's head. The lightning burst out of his leg and entered Sword Demon's body while the leg kicked his neck.

"Tch!" Suddenly, Sword Demon clicked his tongue and a sword appeared on his right hand. He didn't block the kick instead slashed his sword horizontally.

Bang! Splash!

The kick smashed his leg with an intense force sending him flying in the space. And, the sword slashed through his spirits and made a deep cut on his chest. Blood gushed out of his wound but Mike didn't have time to care about these wounds.

Suddenly, Andrew shouted from the spaceship "Mike, come back! We can leave now."

Mike suddenly stopped for a moment, then shook his head. He turned his head at Sword Demon and said "Nah! I am finishing this battle."

"Mike, you are not strong enough to beat him. Don't be stubborn and retu...…..!"

"Ummmmm!" Suddenly, a hand covered his mouth. It covered his mouth so hard that he got a hard time breathing. After struggling for a while, the hand finally frees him. Andrew looks above and shouted "Hey, what are doing? We need Mike to come back. He can't face that monster. He is still not strong enough."

Andrew was sitting on his chair while Alena was standing behind him. She glanced at the battle outside the window and said "When a man fights for something he swore, he can't back down even if it means death to him. Give up Andrew, he won't come back until he wins or Sword Demon backs down due to time limit."

Hearing this, Andrew clenched his hand. He understands what she meant. Mike faced the same situation in the previous stage. And, he kicked the shit out of his opponent. This time, the only difference would be the enemy's strength.

"Urgh! I worked so hard to override the system for nothing." Andrew loudly shouts to release his frustration. Seeing this, other girls merely smiles. He turns back and releases the blue flames covering three girls.

At this moment, Alena's eyes were stuck at Mike's battle.

Outside the spaceship,

Crack! Crack! Bang! Splash!

Suddenly, lightning scattered all around as Mike reached in front of Sword Demon. He raised his leg above him and smashes down. But at the same time, Sword Demon slashes two of his swords on Mike's chest.

Only directly reaches at the bottom while others kept floating back. Suddenly, Mike releases his lightning and forcefully stops his free-fall in space. He turned his head down and saw Sword Demon dashing towards him with the swords in his hands.

'Damn! This guy is a monster. With his offensive sword techniques, he can easily break my spirits and injure me. At the same time, he got enormous endurance and physical defense to back him up. Even though my attacks are strong, if they can pass through his sword intent defense, it will be all for naught.'

'With my current stamina, I can only hold the Zombie Mode for five minutes. I can't use gene ability as well. This means I am at a major disadvantage. I have to do this. Spatial Coordination, I have understood these in the midst of the battle. Only then, I can have a chance to win.'

Mike closes his eyes and opens them when he sensed Sword Demon in front of him. The lighting and two spirits coat his fist while the brute force strengthens it. He clenches his fist and punches forward. The moment Sword Demon slashes his sword vertically, his fist smashes on the sword.

Splash!

But, the sword instantly cut through his lightning and two spirits, making a deep scar on his fist. When his sword slashed down, it releases an intense sword energy arc that directly hits Mike's chest.

"Gaaa!"

The blood spills out of his mouth and chest. The strike made another deep scar on his chest. Mike slowly closes his eyes and muttered 'I regret not listening to math teacher's lessons.'

"Mike! Damn! I will drag him away." Seeing Mike getting injured from the sword slash, Andrew panicked and instantly moves his hand to the control panel.

But suddenly, Alena catches his hand tightly. Feeling her hands, Andrew was a little shocked. Not because she was stopping him rather her hands were shaking. She was scared. He could feel that from the touch of her hands.

Instantly, he losses all of his Will to drag Mike out of the battle. He couldn't simply believe how much Willpower it takes to hold yourself like this. While getting healed by the blue flames, Alena was still getting wounded by biting her own lips.

Outside the spaceship,

"Hey, aren't you going to attack now? Did you give up?" Sword Demon suddenly appears in front of Mike and slashes his sword. The intense sword energy released by the sword strikes him. But, Mike blocks it with his forearms. Though, his forearms get bloody due to the sharpness of the sword's energy.

"Two Minute! You have two minutes to use all of your offensive techniques to defeat me. Because you won't get a single chance after that." Mike smirked underneath the black suit and spoke. The Fighting Spirit was soaring out of his body.

Swipe! Clank!

Suddenly, Sword Demon puts his sword back to his sheath and folds his arms while standing in front of Mike. He looks at him and says "Two minutes! I hope you can bring me the excitement that I've lost for years in two minutes."

"Cheeky bastard!" Hearing his words, Mike gritted his teeth with a smirk and closes his eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'My Space Gene enables me to emit particular energy capable of reading the coordination of my surroundings. The greater my power, the greater the distance I can traverse. However, suppressing the Inherited Will requires far too much stamina.'

'As long as I can figure out how to do this on my own, I'll be able to teleport using less than one-third of the stamina of the gene ability. With my understanding of Void Law, I have essentially fused with Space. That implies I don't have to expend any energy to read coordination. All I need is to feel it.'

'But I can't feel it unless I concentrate. It is impossible to focus solely on one part of the conflict. I need to check that method if I want to sense spatial coordination. It's something I am competent of. I have the ability to emit lightning from my body.'

'Normally, lightning bolts can be smaller and faster.  Even though it would not be as rapid as teleportation by gene ability because lightning takes some time to precisely pinpoint various spatial coordination, it would still be fast enough.'

'In other words, using my lightning ability, I can create a lightning mark in space and teleport to that exact mark. Unlike fire, lightning can travel quickly and send me its precise location via my synchronization with it.'

'All I have to do now is distribute the lightning mark and teleport wherever I want. When I tried, this was the last thing that came to mind. I never got the chance to test it. So, while I'm fighting, my brain really functions at its best. But what should I call it?'

Lightning Transfer!  No way, it's too lame. God of Lightning Transfer! I didn't add anything but a deity, did I? God of Flying Lightning! That's really cool. Or even Lightning God Sprint.'

................

Or even Lightning God Sprint.' Why am I attempting to give it such names? I'd just call it 'Snap.'

'All right, two minutes have passed, haven't they?' He finally opens his eyes after some thought about his new skill.

"Are you done yet?" Sword Demon spoke while grasping his sword's hilt. Surprisingly, he only keeps one sword around his waist and keeps the other inside his dimensional ring.

"You bet I am." Mike raises his hand and smiles cheekily inside his suit. Thousands of lightning bolts the size of a thread disperse throughout the space. Sword Demon noticed it as well, but couldn't detect any offense.

"Snap!"

He disappears with a snap of his finger. He emerges above him even before Sword Demon notices it. The lightning encircles his arms and forms a spinning serpent. The brute force imbued with his hands travels to the serpent and infused with it.

While only a few inches away from the Sword Demon, the serpent develops into a dragon.

Clank! Whoosh! Zzzz! Slash! Slash! Slash! Slash! Splash!

The sword emerges from the sheath as the serpent turns into the dragon. His sword glides faster than Mike's eyes can capture, coiled with sword intent. Despite this, he was able to capture the sword strike as it was completed.

There were a total of 81 slashes. One slash on the dragon's body and eighty slashes on him. He couldn't flee even with the teleportation because he couldn't see the attack.

He snaps his finger and teleports many meters away after being slashed. But then he flicks his finger again and appears behind Sword Demon, holding dozens of blue balls.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

When those balls fell down, he unleashed a bolt of lightning that engulfed them all and snapped his finger. When the lightning struck the balls, they exploded, causing a huge explosion without any flames.

The lightning, on the other hand, completed its job and erupted around Sword Demon. Sword Demon's eyes immediately went red. He emitted a strong surge of energy. He raised two swords in his hand and yanked them down with incredible force.

His action unleashed a massive force from his blade, severing the lightning into three pieces. However, it was only at the front that he was able to flee.

He realizes that he couldn't evade any of the lightning bolts generated by the explosion when he departs from one of the pathways created by his sword slice. Even while they didn't envelop him as a flame would, their speed made him more difficult to avoid.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Several thousands of lightning bolts slammed him hard on his back, but he managed to avoid the explosion. After a few more seconds, he noticed Mike reappearing above him. Mike drew another dragon from his fist this time.

Although Sword Demon was taken aback at first, when a drop of blood touched his suit faster than the dragon, he quickly realized Mike's predicament. But he was unconcerned.

Because pitying Mike would be an affront to both of them. As he whirled around, his fiery eyes locked on the lightning dragon. He spotted dozens of targets for the dragon with a single glance. One was literally lightning, while the other was lightning fast.

Clank! Clank! Clank! Bang! Bang! Bang!

His swords moved like an ice dancer's foot. It was in a precise location, but the pace was imperceptible to the human eye. Though Mike had already noticed this as he merged with the Space.

Mike swiftly teleports a few meters behind Sword Demon when he sees the end strike of his sword. He tightened his fist, and brute force erupted from it. In an instant, he punches the space with his fist, creating a massive wave of gravity.

"Meteor Shower!"

Dozens of meteors, some little, some large, swooped down on Sword Demon in an instant. When he saw these meteors, his eyes shrunk. This was a serious threat, but he suddenly understood something. When he turned around, he noticed his spaceship.

"Damn!" In an instant, he understood he had gotten in front of his spaceship, and realized this expertise was not a coincidence. Of course, he was unaware of the truth.

Mike had no idea what he was doing, therefore it was just coincidental for him.

However, he used this ability since the Sword Demon was in front of his spaceship. Hundreds of meteors swooped down on the Sword Demon in a heartbeat. Even if the speed was sluggish, Sword Demon was still in a dangerous predicament.

He will lose a point if it collides with his spaceship.

"Ette! Turn the spaceship around! Let us flee!" Sword Demon had never expected to say these things in his life. Even he would struggle to deal with these meteorites, let alone his teammates, on whom he rarely depends.

He normally works alone and prefers it that way. Because he feels no one can match him. He looked at Mike before entering the spaceship.

Mike suddenly sensed a restraint around him, despite his want to move. Sword Demon returns the sword to its sheath and releases the crimson energy in his hand. The red energy swirled about his body before ascending above.

When it reaches him, it slowly transforms into a massive sword. The crimson sword unleashed a ferocious Slaughter Will. The massive sword towered above him like a protector.

"Invincible Sword Technique- One Sword Breaks Nine Heavens"

'Damn you! My lightning bolts have been annihilated. I'm not able to teleport. Even genes are no longer functioning in this mode. I have an excessive amount of blood. Even if I turn off my Zombie Mode to activate gene ability, stamina will not suffice.'

'I have no choice! Damn! Then I'll confront it head-on.' It was possibly the dumbest mistake he'd ever made. When he saw the massive sword cutting down, he realized the slash was larger than ten meteors combined. He can barely escape despite his lightning talent.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Hundreds of meteors were destroyed, while dozens more remained. The slash, however, was not directed at those meteors. It was intended directly at him. As a result, he had no opportunity to flee.

His fists were filled with the blue brute essence. He had no choice but to play offensive because he had not a single defensive skill. At this point, he unleashes his two spirits and coats his fist even more tightly. He also activates Kong's Body at the same moment.

Even though he knew it would be useless against such an acute blow, the golden energy bolstered his protection. Around him, the Gravity Domain and the Lightning Domain were activated.

He clenches his fists and stares up at the sword above him. He moves towards the sword, pressing his foot into the lightning.

He clenches his hand and infuses the blue force essence to its utmost. When the sword is a few inches above him, he hits the sword with his fist. The fist collides with the edge of the sword, unleashing a powerful force.

"Tyrant King of Lightning- Lightning Shatters the Stars"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The lightning bolt ejected from his fist. It disperses and strikes against the sword. Each of his strikes results in a devastating blow comparable to his brute force. The sword slowly crumbles into pieces, but the sword's intent simply grows more furious.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

The weapon's sword intent changes into little swords that slash his skin through the suit. Until the massive sword appeared in front of his eyes. It was a complete sword but made out of the sword intent. The lightning had passed, but his forearms were still in a defensive position.

Splash!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Is that all there is to it? Is it possible that I'm so pitiful? I couldn't even overcome a person while swearing to protect my women. How can I possibly take millions of them? 'How am I going to become the genuine God of Sex?' Mike opened his eyes slightly within the spaceship and slipped into deep thinking.

While the healing potion worked, his body was wrapped in bandages. Mike has no recollection of how long he was unconscious. Nonetheless, he feels sorry about his defeat. He clenched his hand and bit his lower lip.

"Don't weep! You have the right to boast. You are free to smile. You can declare your love in front of the audience. However, you are unable to cry. Defeat is not a great burden. The humiliation of crying will be too much for you to handle. You did not go down without a fight. Not this time, at least." His ear was pricked by a faint voice.

Mike cast a quick peek to his left and noticed Alena sitting next to him. She was chatting while putting her arms about her leg and not even looking at him. He shifted his attention and whispered hoarsely, "I'm not crying, but I still lost."

"You didn't, you didn't. Sword Demon never intended to fight fairly." Alena spoke in a commanding tone, but she didn't look him in the eyes. Her face was expressionless.

"There is no fairness in this world," Mike muttered in response to her words.

"You could be correct. But you mistook my word for it. Can you call warrior a slaughter just because he slaughtered the army to save his country?" Alena finally smiled and said, but she still didn't look at him.

"I don't comprehend what you're saying." Mike paused for a moment before asking.

"If he had fought properly, why didn't he unleash his ability energy right away?" You might have lost if he had employed it from the start. You might possibly have perished. But, in the end, he didn't treat you like a true adversary, did he?"

"Why should we do that if he doesn't play honestly, not treating you and us as his opponents? You triumphed because he misjudged you and us. In other terms, he was never a true swordsman. As a result, he lost to both you and us." Alena finally turned to face him and explained, but her grin had faded.

"I understand why he was defeated by me. But how did he come up short against you?" After all, Mike had witnessed their predicament during the battle with the Sword Demon. Despite his worsening condition, he managed to chase him away. But they didn't accomplish anything.

"If a swordsman does not fight fairly, then I am free to employ any way I want, am I not?" Suddenly, the purple glow engulfed her. As she looked attentively at Mike, a cold smirk developed on her lips.

"Don't tell me....." Mike was unable to move forward. He was immediately aware of the aura that surrounded her. This was the poisonous energy. Does Alena have the ability to manipulate poison?

"As you can see, Mike. Actually, I didn't want to tell you this. But I'm not like most of the women you've met. If someone fights fairly with me, I will fight fairly even if it means putting my life in danger." Suddenly, Alena rises above Mike, her nasty smirk was still on his face. "However, if they don't fight fairly, I may descend even lower than the brothel's bitches."

'Danger'

This was his reaction when he noticed her expression. It was rife with desire and ferocity. At this point, he had a flashback of the day they talked near the tree.

'More than sixty different sorts of dicks have been taken by my cunt. Every variety of dick has penetrated my cunt, from huge to small, thick to thin, irregular to cylindrical, hard to soft.'

'However, after I've lost interest in them, I break their dicks and murder them. So be careful what you say. I know you have the backing of Mad Beast Emperor, but if you can't satisfy me. Whether you believe it or not, I will make you regret assaulting me even if I can't kill you.'

She was truly lethal. On the other hand, he felt a little better knowing she wasn't his enemy. But, on the other hand, he felt he had missed something.

'Betrayal! God of Sex claimed they would never betray me as long as I pounded them with my dick. They accepted all of those sanctions in order for their husband not to fight God of Sex. They didn't think, however, that their efforts would only make God of Sex guilty.'

'God of Sex' could be a scumbag. He might have fucked both his mother and her daughter at the same time. But he still had it in him to protect them. It's just that he never had the courage to defend his women. That was the remark that got to Mike the most.'

'I'm not going to be like him.  He picked me to outshine him. And I have to. The geniuses in this lower realm are like Sword Demon. There are numerous other geniuses who are hundreds of times better than him. If my judgment is correct, he is on par with the Heavenly Maiden.'

'I must develop my unique talent, pioneer body, and awaken my celestial bloodline.  Only then would I be able to compete against more powerful geniuses.' Mike tightened his fist, determination shining in his eyes. Alena moaned and stepped away from his body after seeing those eyes.

"It appears that I no longer need to soothe you. I also have a present for you." Alena spoke with a smile on her face.

"What kind of gift?" Mike broke out of his thoughts when he heard her remarks and asked.

"Fufufu! I'm not going to tell you right now. Let us wait until the tournament is over." Alena chuckled and stood up to respond. Mike attempted to do so. But he was unable to succeed. His movement was hampered by the bandages.

"Sit down; you don't need to be concerned. We've already unlocked the second level of the Navigation System. Even if we don't unlock all of them, Andrew can easily hack the main server. But it would be better if I took you to the control room." She assisted him up and dragged him to the control room, saying so.

"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! That hurts! "Why can't you slow down?" When she wrapped her arm over her neck, Mike felt a sharp pain in his arm.

"No, I'm afraid I can't. Who said you not to battle without using your Golden Defense?" Alena is well-versed in the Kong Body. So she was startled when Mike didn't use it until the very last second when fighting Sword Demon.

But she grumbled and went on before Mike could respond. "You knew from the start that you couldn't win against him, right?"

Mike's emotions had plummeted after hearing her comments. Despite this, he continued to nod his head.

"Hush! You've done nothing wrong. He would have spent the ability energy if you had employed your golden defense from the start. That's why you're depressed, I'm sure. Because you were doomed to lose this battle."

"So you pull him about and do whatever you can to make him waste time. A suit can only keep you warm for ten minutes. He fought us for four minutes and thirty seconds. Then he focused for thirty seconds on one strike. After that, he waited for you for two minutes."

"Finally, you used your teleportation to tangle him for two and a half minutes while displaying your vulnerability. And you were correct. If he had employed that type of technique from the start, you would have been defeated in one, maybe two strikes."

"It may hurt. But what you did for the team was admirable, and you should be proud of it." Alena patted his back, but Mike yelled, "Ahhhh!"

"I'm sorry, I used too much force." When Mike screamed so loudly, Alena's face suddenly turned pale. His injuries were severe. That last hit nearly killed him. He would have been slain if it hadn't been for the Golden Buddha Kong Body.

Tori, Andrew, and Olive grabbed their attention and hurried towards him as he yelled in anguish.

"Are you okay, Mike?" "What happened?" Olive supported him from the right side and inquired with a worried expression on her face.

"I got a little enthusiastic and congratulated him loudly." Alena apologized as she stroked her own hair.

"You!!!" Tori couldn't help but be irritated at Alena.

"Don't worry. Just assist me in getting down on the ground." Mike answered Olive with a smirk on his face.

Only after Olive and Alena gently placed him on the ground did he feel a little better.

"Does it still hurt that much?" Tori inquired, a worried expression on her face.

"It hurts a little. I didn't anticipate his sword attack to entirely demolish my spirits. My defense was entirely dependent on kong body and iron skin in the absence of two spirits. The difficulty was that his strike was not only sharp but also extremely violent, much like mine."

"I'm not sure how he did it, but it's obviously not a typical move he can use with ability energy. It appears to be some kind of skill. By the way, did any of you hear him pronounce the name while using that attack?" Mike responded to her with perplexity and a hint of eagerness on his face.

"Invincible Sword Technique- One Sword Breaks Nine Heavens," Andrew muttered the technique, which surprised everyone.

"Ahh! I only heard him because after hacking into his system, I could hear everything from his spaceship. That's how I found out he was planning an attack on the spaceship and tried to wake you up. But you were already up and out." Andrew became agitated by their stare and hurriedly explained.

"Hu! So, that wasn't a typical attack." Mike exhaled deeply and a big smile came on his face. All three females understood him and laughed when they saw his smile.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Andrew, you jerk! Get me out of here. I want to fight as well." Mike shouted as he sought to free himself from the chains that bound him. These were metal chains that he couldn't break with his strength. Not to mention that his body was still bandaged.

"Nope! I'm not going to let you out, no matter how loud you scream. This is for your own protection. Not to mention, the girls are nearing the end of the fight. We appear to have gotten our hands on one of the flags. Fortunately, we won't have to face that monster." Andrew shook his head and switched his focus to Mike.

They weren't letting Mike move no matter how hard he tried. Mike's wounds were scarcely healed, despite his remaining stamina. They could open up at any time. Mike, on the other hand, was baffled.

After confronting Sword Demon, the fire within him began to blaze brightly. He desired to work out more and get stronger. However, in doing so, he almost completely neglected his health. As a result, they had no choice but to chain him.

After a few moments, three girls entered the spaceship and changed back into their regular attire.

"Woah! You two are in a lot more pain than I anticipated." Andrew gave them a short glance after noticing their injuries and was taken aback. There weren't many bruises, but they were all deep. Their skin had been scorched by their adversary's fire.

Their bones were also broken, and they had several cuts. Alena, on the other hand, still held a flag. The flag was a red rectangle with three stars in the center. Andrew instantly unleashed his flames after taking the flag from Alena's grasp in an attempt to mend them.

"Anti-Thermo-Radiate Energy Glass!  It's no surprise that standard trackers couldn't find them. They appear to have put a lot of money into this stage." Andrew was taken aback when he learned the price of anti-materials. Then he turned to Mike and stated, "This must be why your lightning couldn't sense it."

"Anti-Matters are typically the polar opposite of all matter present in our universe. They are extremely difficult to locate because standard technologies cannot identify them. Because Anti-Matter and Matter do not intersect in normal instances, it is difficult to anticipate their position."

"However, if you employ Anti-Matter to look for it. Then it is possible since every type of collision generates a specific wavelength of energy. Your lightning is the result of an imbalance between positively and negatively charged particles."

Andrew abruptly returned the flag to Alena's hands and crouched down. He looked at Mike and stated, "I'm not sure why your lightning is so feeble. When you used the lightning bomb, it should have produced a temperature roughly six times that of the sun's outer layer, which is thirty thousand degrees Celsius."

"That is the heat generated by a natural lightning bolt. Is it because your strength is insufficient? Or is it because you are unable to achieve a proper equilibrium of positive and negative charged particles? "

When Andrew asked the inquiry, Alena and Tori tapped their brows, tired. But Mike's eyes lighted unexpectedly. "You mean, I can boost the force of my lightning?" "

"Based on all of the theories and statements I've read about lightning, the most prominent way would be enhancing the qualities of negatively charged particles and positively charged particles in your ability energy."

"In order to do so, you must first study more about your ability energy at the atomic level. Given your scientific understanding, it may be difficult. However, you may perfect it in a classic manner." Andrew responded with a gentle nod of his head.

"Traditional method? You're not telling me to get struck by lightning, are you?" Mike's expression changed instantaneously as he heard that. That would nearly be a suicide attempt.

"Of course, but I'm not referring to natural lightning.  Do you think I'm naive enough to believe you can survive in the presence of lightning that can heat the air to 30,000 degrees Celsius? It not only generates heat in the air, but it also annihilates you."

"After all, lightning is a type of chaotic energy caused by a charge imbalance between positive and negative. I'm telling you to employ lab-created fake lightning. You're heading to the King's Academy, aren't you? There are numerous training grounds that provide lighting."

"You can gradually perceive the positive and negative particles in your ability energy by adjusting the lightning to your limit. And, as a result, your understanding of lightning will grow. Normally, people may grow it efficiently without even recognizing it. But if you realize it, it will be a huge benefit to you." Andrew finally stood up after explaining.

"All right, I'll try when I get into the King's Academy," Mike responds with a nod of his head.

Andrew turned around with a nod of his head. But then Olive says, "Andrew, wait!"

"Hmm!" Everyone is perplexed by her call, but they remain silent because of her unsettling face.

Olive had a conflicted expression on her face that was preventing her from saying anything, yet she still wanted to say something. As a result, it took her two minutes to speak.

"Thank you to everyone for everything you've done for the team."

But then her expression shifts and she becomes solemn. "But I can't let you guys off the hook during the fifth battle. For me, it's either death or ranking in the top ten!"

Pat! Pat!

Tori and Alena slapped Olive on the cheeks in front of Mike and Andrew's stunned expression.

"You!!!" Olive was perplexed and irritated by their slap. Tori, on the other hand, rushes up and hugs her from the right, saying, "Do you think I don't know how much this tournament means to you?"

Before Olive could respond, Alena hugged her and asked, "Do you think I care about the tournament? I've already accomplished more than I could have hoped for. This tournament has no meaning for me."

"You two! Waaaaaa!" Olive falls into tears at hearing her words. Mike and Andrew remained mute, having no intention of interfering.

'Do you have a method to aid her, Claire?' Mike questioned his own thoughts.

"Yes, but she will be barred from having the Heavenly Maiden Title as a result," Claire shouted up, but her voice was impersonal and frigid.

'Is a title really so significant than life?' Mike inquired, perplexed. He couldn't figure out why Claire was speaking in such a hushed tone.

"It's not for her, it's for you! Reducing the number of Heavenly Maidens may have an impact on your future. I do not recommend that you utilize it for the sake of your life. Remove her twin sister's talent and place it on her." Claire's tone couldn't be colder.

At this moment, Mike was getting angry. He didn't expect Claire out of all people would suggest something so inhuman.

Mike was becoming enraged at this point. He hadn't expected Claire, of all people, to suggest something so heinous.

'Are you insane, Claire?' Do you believe I'd do something like that?' Mike yelled in his head.

"Would you listen to me?" Claire talked to him in his consciousness.

Mike remained silent for a brief period before responding, 'Yes.'

"The System has various upgrade constraints. Each improvement allows Host to gain a better understanding of his talent. As a result, upgrades are required. The upgrade requires Heavenly Maidens and Supreme Fairies."

"If you can't win their hearts, you won't be able to improve the system; similarly, if you lose even one of them, you will face severe consequences. So, keep your cool and plan for the future." Claire's voice was chilly and uninterested.

'You're mistaken, Claire. From all the stories I've read and the experiences I've had, humans are always trying to achieve something they can't succeed at, even if it means risking their lives. We fought nature even though we knew we couldn't win."

'I fought the Sword Demon while knowing I couldn't win. She, too, will do the same. Claire, you have no idea what I'm talking about. Because you are not a human being. She must have some sort of goal within the Divine Tomb.'

'She will undoubtedly endanger her life once she arrives. That is why we must save her. Didn't you notice anything during the battle? Except for me, she was the one who suffered the most. However, she did not use more than two attacks. Her talent is almost a curse for her.'

'Her life is more essential than system upgrades.' If I can assist her, I will go to any length. Isn't that what God of Sex is meant to do? If he wishes to profit from his relationship, he must also support her. So, tell me what I can do to assist her.'

But when he asked, he didn't get a response.

'Claire! Claire, please respond! 'What exactly happened?' Mike yelled in his head, attempting to contact her. He suddenly remembered.

'You don't understand, Claire. Because you are not a human being.'

'Damn it! Those words had to have hurt her.' Mike clenched his teeth and exclaimed, 'Claire, I didn't mean it that way.'

'I was mistaken. That was a mistake on my part. Please forgive me! Claire!' Mike kept shouting in his head, but she didn't say anything.

'Damn!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmm! "What am I doing here? here" Mike appeared unexpectedly in a dark room and murmured. He turned around, but due to the darkness, he couldn't see anyone.

Sniff! Sniff, sniff, sniff!

Suddenly, he was startled by a noise. He deduced from the noise that someone was crying. But, all of a sudden, he realized the sound was incredibly distinct.

'This is Claire's sound.  Did I get inside the system?' Following the voice of Claire, Mike thought for himself. He didn't get lost or collide with anyone along the route as if he was passing through everything while following the voice.

"Sniff! Sniff! I hate him. Sniff, sniff, sniff! I am not a monster ." Claire's sweet but melancholy voice resonated in his ears. When Mike heard the sound close by, he panicked and dashed towards it.

He appeared in a bright room in an instant. The only creature in the room was a girl crouched in one corner. Her arms were curled around her legs as she sobbed. Mike could only observe what was going on from behind.

He felt he couldn't talk just as he tried to. He couldn't say anything because his lips were locked shut. He approached her and patted her shoulder in an attempt to console her because he had no choice but to move further to the left.

Claire's beautiful crying face changed dramatically when she turned around, shouted "Ahhhh! Monster!"

'What? Why are you referring to me as a monster? I am quite aware that I am wrong. But you can't yell like that in front of me.' Mike tried to speak, but none of his words came out of his mouth. He abruptly spun around, as if he sensed something on his right side.

There was a mirror on his right side, just like he felt.

"Monster! "Get out!" Claire screamed, breaking down in tears. Mike cocked his head and examined himself in the mirror. And the next thing you know, he's screamed.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"

Mike's upper body jolted as he emerged from his bed. He cradled his face with both hands and exhaled heavily.

"Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu That........ was just a nightmare."

"Goddamn it!" Mike cursed himself as he clasped his fists on his own face.

"How can you say anything like that, Mike?  She must be upset. I can't believe I said it to a lady." Mike's fingernails started scratching his own face.

"Damn you asshole, damn you mother........, damn you, son of a ........., damn you trash, find a way to apologize." Mike curses himself as he pulls his own hair out of frustration.

Whack! "Damn you, you asshole." Whack! "You filthy scum" Whack! "Damn you, you jerk." Whack! "You're a douche, Mike." Whack! "Damn you, God of Sex of the Future." Whack! "You're a dickhead, you loser." Whack! "Damn you, you pitiful loser." Whack! "Damn you, you pitiful scum loser!" Whack! "Damn you, you miserable scum fucker loser."

"Stop! Stop! Please do not injure yourself in this way." Claire's sobbing voice came to memory all of a sudden. Mike finally came to a halt. His pupils had darkened. There were a few bruises. His cheeks were swelled, and blood was oozing from his mouth. He appeared to be a complete piece of garbage who had been battered by a bunch.

This is also the sole reason Claire stopped him. He wasn't simply cursing himself. With his brute force, he was badly pounding himself.

"How can you damage yourself like this, you fool Host? Your Zombie Mode Side Effect has not yet manifested." Claire reprimanded him from his brain, causing him to smile. But his swelling face obscured his smile totally.

"I sincerely apologize for what I have said. In the heat of the moment, I spoke. I didn't mean it at all." Mike bowed deeply and apologized in front of nothing but air. Claire, on the other hand, was aware that he was apologizing to her.

She groaned profoundly in his mind and murmured, "Host, you shouldn't speak with such recklessness. Some people may take it rather seriously."

"Yeah!" Mike began to speak, but his eyes began to whirl and spin.

Thud!

As he landed on the ground, his eyes closed. The Zombie Mode side effects begin at this point.

......….

Castle of Demon King Atharos, One of Three Forbidden Dungeon

The throne was occupied by a guy dressed in armor. On the armor, there were numerous fist marks. The entire hall had collapsed. He had a look of rage in his eyes.

"Goddamn it! How could the Planet Destroyer still live in such a place? I believed he'd left after the war with those Outlanders. Damn! Only two years remained until the next war. I need to prepare for that."

The man gripped his hand and spoke with a solemn expression. There were scores of dead bodies strewn about in front of him. However, as time passed, those bodies gradually healed and stood up.

"Hehe! Celestials are simply celestial.  Nothing can kill them except that essence and soul attacks. That jerk was wasting his time with his brute force. But thanks to him I'm having another issue to solve now."

"That savage sealed another portion of my power. I can only rely on my celestial legion now until I can obtain her blood. Only one week remained! I'm hoping she inherited those memories. I need to regain some strength."

As he said, he closed his eyes and entered the state of meditation.

Next Morning,

Mike woke with a screen panel appearing in front of him. It was his own status panel.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (Eighth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +500 STR, +200 AGI (SS-Rank)

STR: 3117

AGI: 3051

INT: 1292

STM: 1390

DEF: 3108 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Meteor Fist, Lightning Spear, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Storm Steps, Sky Lightning Fist, Tyrant Lightning Dragon, Tyrant King of Lightning, Snap and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Domain (Meteor Fist), Lightning Domain (Sky Lightning Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold),

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alena Babbage, and Ava Eliot

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500021

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"Hush! Except for the new Snap skill, nothing has changed." Mike exhaled as he rose to his feet. His phone abruptly began to buzz. He tracked down the vibration and discovered it under his pillow.

"Hmm! I forgot I needed to call Jenny. I must have dozed asleep when I took up the phone to call her." Mike remembered the previous night and pulled out his phone.

He massaged his eyes as he spotted the texts and missed calls. He then took another look at it. But the outcome was the same.

987 Messages and 1351 Missed Calls!

'I'm going to require a new SIM card.' As he accessed the messages section, Mike sighed.

'Hmm!' He opened the banking app after a few minutes of scrolling. He signed up for an account and activated his ID.

Your Account: 85125365205

'One, ten, hundred, thousand, ten thousand, hundred thousand, million, ten million, hundred million, billion, EIGHTY-FIVE BILLION ONE HUNDRED TWENTY-FIVE MILLION THREE HUNDRED SIXTY-FIVE THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED FIVE DOLLARS.'

"Holy crap! I didn't go over every message, but this is still excessive. 85 billion dollars! Doesn't that mean twenty-one ladies have already transferred $5 billion to become the most powerful member? "Wait, who are those girls?" Mike was taken aback at the sum.

He instantly opened his own website and checked the top members.

"Sharley" "Margaret" "Piper" "Layla" "Ankie" "Jane" "Becky" "Tori" "Ava" "Alice"

"Wait a second, doesn't this seem familiar? Could it be that Alice?" Mike became enthralled and pressed on her name. Her profile appeared the following instant.

"Holy crap! It is really her. That indicates she agreed to be my lover as well. I didn't think I'd succeed despite my efforts. No, she didn't get in touch with me till today. That suggests those statements must have had an impression on her."

"....... I became a celebrity with just a few sentences. Is this to say that my posters will be displayed all over the world after becoming a celebrity?" Mike found himself imagining himself with dozens and dozens of ladies, having fun beside the swimming pool, every dancing, singing, and fucking.

Fucking!!!!!!!!!!!!!

"Holy crap! I didn't become a celebrity. I turned into a pornstar." Mike became aware when he found himself naked in the midst of dozens of naked women. Every single girl was staring at him with lustful eyes.

Ring! Ring!

"Hello!" Suddenly, someone calls him and he picks up the call.

"Hello!" Someone suddenly calls him, and he answers the phone.

"Good day, Mr. Tyson! Khan is my name. I am the CEO of the Blueberry Condom Corporation. Our company has recently launched a new branded condom. I hope you will advertise..."

To! To! To!

"What the hell is going on? I didn't become famous in order to promote condoms. Damn! It seems I really need my SIM card." After cutting the call in the middle, Mike whacked his own forehead.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why can't we eat more? I'm still starving." Mike grumbled as he walked with his hands in his pockets. He was depressed because he couldn't eat much.

"You've already consumed five million dollars worth of food. Do you still consider yourself to be a human?" Alena snatched his collar and yelled at him. It had been two days since he had contacted Jenny on that particular day. He didn't understand why she did it at first.

But, based on her explanation and his current state, he gradually accepted it. He was born to be a pornstar. According to Jenny, he must have all-night sex with each top member each day following the tournament's conclusion.

But, on the other side, he did make $80 billion. He's become a lot stronger in just two days. He raised his SS-Rank talent to SSS-Rank talent with the use of dark energy crystals, but it cost thirty billion dollars.

As a result, he nearly died of a heart attack. Of course, both his lightning and brute force improved, considerably enhancing his numbers.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Soldier Realm- Thirteenth Rank (Eighth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank)

STR: 3117

AGI: 3051

INT: 1292

STM: 1390

DEF: 3108 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+650 STR), Super Speed (+650 AGI), Super Endurance (+650 DEF)

Skills- Meteor Fist, Lightning Spear, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Storm Steps, Sky Lightning Fist, Tyrant Lightning Dragon, Tyrant King of Lightning, Snap and Hyper Speed Spear (Space)

Special Ability- Gravity Domain (Meteor Fist), Lightning Domain (Sky Lightning Fist)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold),

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alena Babbage, and Ava Eliot

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500027

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

His numbers after two days were as such. His Brute Force strength has now surpassed his Unique Ability Strength. Even though it would be just for a short time, it made a significant difference. His physical power is currently sufficient to break the offensive attacks delivered by Sword Intent.

He currently believes he can take on Sword Demon head-on. But there was one minor issue.

Mike's attention shifted slightly to Alena, and he sighed as he remembered her remarks from a few days before.

........

Two days ago

"Are you serious?" Mike stood in front of Alena and asked with surprise and confusion.

"Are you sure?" Mike asked, surprised and perplexed, in front of Alena.

"Yep, did you forget what I said at the time?  I'm not your usual frigid beauty who does the right thing. If I believe anything to be a threat, I will do all in my power to eliminate it. That jerk was so overconfident in a battle that he sought to take my One-Inch Fist without defending himself with his sword intent."

"He would have failed if he had used the Sword Intent. But, he did not. That is due to his carelessness. He won't be able to use his ability energy for another week. This is what occurs when you overestimate yourself while underestimating others." Alena stated with a cold smirk on her face. Mike thought her smile was extremely nasty.

"Sigh! But I'm unable to help." Suddenly, Mike grabbed her waist and drew her into his arms, whispering, "I slowly realized what kind of woman you are.  But I will never stop you from doing what you want. As long as you don't cross my boundary, I'll always be there for you."

"Life isn't fair in this world. So, why do we have to exist with the rules? I know you're hesitant to put your trust in me. And you're saying everything to make me know I shouldn't mess with you. But!!!!!"

"Hmm!" Mike suddenly placed his lips to hers. For a little moment, his unexpected action caused her to become embarrassed and panicked. Her cheeks flush as he pulls his lips from her lips.

"Everything I know, I learned from Olive. You took over the business world when you were ten years old. Since then, I've had a hazy idea of how you succeeded. The process is important. But I don't mind. I'm not the type of person who thinks things through."

"If it's an obstacle in my path, I'll punch through it. I'll punch till it's broken. So I don't give a damn about your past. You are now my lady. And I assure you that I will always defend you."

Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!

"You!!!" Mike's eyes and mouth both widened when he turned his head down. Alena burst into tears as she pressed her head against his chest. Each drop was denser than the rain. It soaked the ground, but she didn't stop."

Mike couldn't believe what he was witnessing for a brief minute. He had always imagined Alena as a strong-willed lady capable of conquering anything she desired and eager to accomplish whatever was required of her. Getting dicks in her cunts from a young age was not her style.

It was her only option. Sex is the most effective stress reliever. And, in a world where the public is obsessed with women's fears, particularly those of wealthy families, it may be a lethal weapon. Gender equality was simply an idea at the time.

With her attractiveness and society's rules, a cunning woman may easily deceive people. It's just that a lady needs a lot of guts. Mike is perplexed as to how Alena displayed such bravery at the age of ten. But he knows she's a clever businesswoman who can run the company and care for the family on her own.

All of this, however, is accompanied by insecurities. Killing them by breaking their dicks. Why would she need to kill those jerks if she had enjoyed them? She might either compel them to leave or manipulate them. However, she regards them as a significant threat because they have the potential to create a worst-case situation for her.

That's why she pulls the weed up by the roots. She doesn't want to feel insecure. She's the type of woman who is very cruel. However, as she cried in his arms. That was the first time she felt anything different. Despite this, she steadfastly refused to be pitied by Mike.

Mike supports her decision as well. Alena was blushing after taking her hands from Mike's collar, unbeknownst to Mike's thoughts. She covers her face with her hands and exclaims, 'Gosh! How could I do anything so heinous?'

'However, that felt very different. I've never felt that way in this or my previous life. Is this why you allowed me to reincarnate on this earth, God? You used to say in my dream that love is mysterious and something that everyone longs for.'

'Did I, too, crave for love? So, why don't I remember?'

Alena was a middle-aged businesswoman who was reborn on this planet when she was born. She has prior business expertise as a successful businesswoman. In reality, it has little to do with talent. She simply had more experience and knowledge of how to use her body as a weapon to win.

However, this action reverted her to her prior life. Except she could do something she couldn't do in her prior existence. In her past existence, she was subjected to a number of situations in which she was manipulated by others.

She couldn't eradicate them from the planet since she was using her body as a tool and also got restricted by the laws. To attain greatness, she could only maintain a tainted relationship with the biggest businessmen. She could have done it without using her body as a tool.

However, she was born during a time when women can't inherit immense wealth from her family.  She, unlike Mike, comes from a time when technology was still in its infancy. Nonetheless, her dream was incredible. At a period when the richest person in the world only had a net worth of roughly $70 to $80 billion.

Her initial ambition was to amass a hundred billion dollars. That isn't even her genuine goal. With her fortune, she wished to create a country. That was her fantasy. That was the amount of money she desired to earn. That is why she was fascinated by technology and science.

Because, for her, it was the fastest and easiest way to earn as long as she can study properly. After coming to this world, she took her time to understand more about this world. And, at the age of ten, she finally took the step in business to do something even crazier.

Because it was the quickest and easiest way for her to earn money as long as she could study well. She took her time after arriving in this world to learn more about it. And, at the age of ten, she made the business decision to do something even wilder.

This time, her objective was not restricted to a single country. She intended to build a complete civilization this time. But she hasn't told Mike about it. She is still unsure whether she can entirely trust him. Because she died before completing her aim in her prior life. And the reason is straightforward.

She put her trust in someone she shouldn't have. Her life was shattered by a single decision.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Well, have a look at that. Isn't this our strongest genius Sword Demon? How come you look so weak?" When Mike notices Alena teasing the Sword Demon, he slaps his brow. He intuitively knows why she did what she did.

But he hadn't expected her to be so audacious as to intentionally insult him.

'Why do I feel the need to be antagonistic?' Mike's heart was flushed with embarrassment when this thought occurred to him. Even though he stated that he doesn't care what she does, it was still inappropriate to tease him in this manner.

"I hope you don't enter my personal space like this, Miss Alena." Mike could only see his face plainly at this point. Sword Demon was a really attractive young man. His brows were arched and long, and his blue pupils sparkled.

He was tall and slim. Others could comprehend his plight better because of his white skin. But his chilly expression makes it even more difficult.

"Hehe! How can you put it like that? I am his girlfriend. Why should I bother entering your private sphere? I was only wondering if you looked a little weaker than when we fought." Alena smirked, adding salt to his wounds.

Her comments, however, immediately changed his mood. As he touched the hilt of his sword and murmured, "Then, would you like to test if I can kill you in a single strike or not?" a heavy killing intent flowed from his gaze.

Bang! Suddenly, a terrifying Slaughter Will erupts and collides with Sword Demon's Killing for a brief instant before dissipating.

Hiss!

After hearing his comments, the entire audience took in a chilly breath. Mike clenched his fist and squinted his eyes slightly. But he remained still calm. The fury in his eyes vanished as soon as it appeared. The impact lasted only a few seconds.

"Oey! Oey! Oey! Isn't this too much for you to say before the competition even begins?" Gloomy laughter broke forth. A man stepped out of the crowd gently. He had a crazy grin on his face. He was a tall, chiseled man with brown skin.

He was dressed in a black tracksuit. Everyone's attention was drawn to him when he talked. As he approached the center, he bowed his head slightly and murmured, "It appears Miss Alena is correct.  You do appear to be frailer. Did our Sword Demon get harmed while practicing?"

Mike's brows furrowed slightly as he tried to remember his name. But he didn't have to consider much longer. When he arrived, the throng began to whisper.

"Hey, isn't he a Max Cena? Is he going to challenge Sword Demon?"

"Are you a moron? Do you believe they'll do anything stupid that will cost them points?"

"You are correct. But why did Sword Demon become so frail?"

"Is he sick or what?"

"Perhaps someone messed up his food."

'So he's Max Cena.  He appears to be a difficult opponent to overcome.' Mike paused for a moment after hearing his name. He attempted to gauge Max's strength.

"Hey Mike, it appears that Alena will not be returning anytime soon. Should we become involved?" Olive leaned in closer and inquired. Tori also cast a glance towards him in response to his decision.

"Wait a minute! She is not a wild young lady. She must be motivated in some way." Mike groaned as he stroked his hair. He found it humorous that she was standing alongside two top geniuses.

When Alena spotted Max Cena, her smirk vanished and she responded with a phony smile, "I thought Mister Max would be with Silver King.  I didn't expect you'd come out by yourself."

Max Cena's eyes furrowed for a split second before he smiled and said, "It appears Miss Alena has a wealth of information.  No surprise, you could poison him."

"What?" Suddenly, the crowd erupted in a ferocious yell.

"Sword Demon was poisoned by her. However, why?

"Does it even qualify as a question?  She had to have done it to make him weaker. How, though?"

"Perhaps she tainted his food or something."

"However, they don't have much of a relationship. Could it be a plot devised by God of Sex?"

"Damn you, you asshole! If you say that again, I'll cut your dick." When one of the girls heard those comments, she immediately released a homicidal intent on the guy and yelled.

"Yeah, God of Sex always fights valiantly. He would never do something like that." Another female backed her up, and she had a crush on Mike.

Mike's ears twitched when he heard that. He hadn't expected his reputation among the girls to be as good as it was. Unlike the previous stages, the fourth stage was only partially visible to the audience. They could see the battle or anything else outside the spaceship but not anything inside.

They had undoubtedly seen Mike vs. Sword Demon. And, as a result of that conflict, his reputation grew by a significant margin, particularly among females.

"It appears that Mister Cena is oblivious of some facts. With my strength, how could I poison him?" Alena spoke while making puppy eyes.

"Because he always lets his guard down when confronted with an inferior opponent." A man suddenly spoke to them as he walked towards them. He had silver hairs and silver pupils, so he knew who he was. He was the Man in Silver, Silver King, dressed in a silver jacket and silver shoes.

"And a weak person like her would not let this pass easily. After all, do weak people ever fight fairly?" A lovely voice rang accompanied by a lovely young lady. She was dressed in a flaming crimson gown. Her appearance was incredibly attractive and tall.

"It appears Thorn Princes enjoys speaking without thinking." When she talked, her eyes were filled with deep resentment and a desire to kill. Alena had no intention of forgetting her remark.

"Of course, I don't have to think about it. Even if you use everything you have, you will not be able to scratch him if he becomes serious. It's simply because you're weak. And you have no choice but to win with such a cheap trick." Thorn Princess mocked her with a cruel sneer on her face.

Then, all of a sudden, she sighed. "As expected, we cannot expect good from the weak. This tournament is not for people like you, Miss Alena. You should concentrate on your stupid family."

"You!!!" Alena came to a halt just as she was about to go insane. She took a peek at the man who was standing beside Thorn Princess. He stretches his arms out and places them on her shoulder.

"I believe you are mistaken. Weaknesses vary depending on the activity. She might be too feeble to fight." Mike put his arm across her shoulder. The entire battlefield was deafeningly quiet at this point. Everyone was wallowing in self-pity. Not only the participants but also the audience.

Mike also left the Emperors, who were watching the minor feud between the geniuses, stunted. Mad Beast Emperor wiped his eyes, trying to figure out if he was Mike or not.

Mike was releasing both Sex Aura and Hands of Pleasure at the same time. He also had complete control over it and had it focused solely on Thorn Princess. Mike stood close to the Thorn Princess, and the Silver King, Max Cena, and Sword Demon all narrowed their eyes.

"Be careful where you put your hands!" Thorn Princess' pupils moved to the right, turning a lethal red. Each syllable that came out of her mouth was as icy as ice. Mike continued just as she went forward without attacking him.

"However, she is powerful in bed. You, on the other hand, I'm sure you can't endure more than five minutes. Do you realize how weak you are now?" Suddenly, a mirror materialized on Mike's palm, which he held up to her face.

"With only a touch of mine, your face turns blood-red. How frail you are! What a shame! You are not my type because of your frailty."

Snap! Bang!

Suddenly, a jagged thorn protrudes from her flesh and lands on the ground. It was supposed to hit Mike, but with a snap of his finger, he had already moved aside. He appears next to Alena and says, "Let's go!"

Alena's dismal and sorrowful mood vanished as soon as she heard his remarks. She laughs and walks away, holding his hand. But then Mike turns back to Thorn Princess and says, "Whether in the battlefield or in bed, five minutes is all I need to make you submit."

"You!!!!" When Thorn Princess lifted her fist in rage and embarrassment, dozens of thorns appeared behind her. "You are allowing your fury to overtake you," said Silver King.

"This is the competition. Your goal is to reach the Divine Tomb. Every move you make will cost you points! So don't be hasty!" Max Cena glared at Mike's back and spoke.

Thorn Princess clenched her fist in rage as she heard his words. Those thorns vanished in an instant.

"Did I look cool?" Mike asks as he leans in close to her.

"You look fantastic." Alena laughed and hugged his arm. She suddenly rises to her toes and kisses him on the cheeks.

"Was that my recompense?" Mike asks as he rubs the spot where she kissed.

"Hehe! Tonight is the night for rewards." She moves her head slightly and whispers near her ears.

A man was standing at the top of the stage at the time. He was holding a piece of paper and a pen. The paper had only a few words written on it.

"Name- Mike Tyson

Points-......"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hehe! That was incredible. I didn't think you'd say something like that to her." Tori leaped into his grasp and screamed happily. Her laughter rang out loud and clear throughout the audience.

The crowd erupted into a frenzy of debate in an instant. The same is true for the emperors seated high on the stage.

Bang!

"How could that cretin insult my daughter? I'm going to murder him." The middle-aged man destroyed the table and stood from his seat, the tremendous aura exploding from his body.

"Hey! Take a seat!" A chilly voice blasted out from behind me. Those who had been taken aback by the middle-aged man turned around to see three men sitting close to each other.

Unlike the men from sides, the middle one looked much more formidable. And, they were correct.

Unlike the men on the sides, the man in the middle appeared to be considerably more intimidating. And they were right.

"Maddddd Beast Emperor!"  The middle-aged man recognized him right away. His face grew pale, and his legs began to tremble.

For a brief while, the Mad Beast Emperor's eyes were closed until he opened his right eye and exclaimed, "Five Minutes! If my pupil is unable to defeat your daughter in five minutes, I will make him apologize as well as myself. Until then, keep your mouth shut and sit down."

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" Thorn Princess Father instantly turned pale and replied with a frightful tone. The Mad Beast Emperor's aura immediately made him sit back in his seat. Fire Emperor and Emperor Lewis both sighed when they saw this.

Emperor Lewis shook his head and inquired, "Are you certain you would apologize?  After all, your disciple's chances of winning in five minutes are less than ninety percent."

"Hehe! Lewis, you don't understand him even now. That boy, if he says he'll do it, he'll do it. Not to mention, just take a look at this!" Suddenly, he pulled out his phone and showed Mike the message.

"Master, after competing in this event, I discovered how inept I am. But, for the time being, I don't have any additional areas in which to improve. Then, after the battle with Sword Demon, I realized my weakness."

"My spirits were my biggest edge against every other opponent except him. Despite the fact that my Zombie Mode is an excellent trump card, it cannot assist me in defeating Sword Demon Sword Intent and Sword Energy. Because Sword Intent is unique to Swordsmanship, I concluded that the only way to improve my strength is by combining both of my spirits."

"I'm not sure if this is really possible, but I'm willing to give it a shot. But, Master, I also need your recommendation, your devoted disciple Mike."

While Emperor Lewis was reading the full book, Mad Beast Emperor exclaimed, "Just don't mind those last lines!"

"Puff!" Emperor Lewis realized what he was saying and burst out laughing. But the hilarity soon gives way to seriousness as he asks, "Did he actually realize that on his own?"

"I didn't even give him a hint. I'm not sure why he acts like an idiot most of the time, yet he's a madman in battle. I mean, who in their right mind would try to electrolyte their own brain for the sake of strength?" Mad Beast Emperor smiles and nods, while Fire Emperor grabs his phone and reads the message.

"Wait a minute, that's not a good idea at all. And why are you allowing him to wield such power? "What if he burns his brain?" Emperor Lewis appeared concerned, which was surprising for the Mad Beast Emperor.

"Well, he did mention he had a countermeasure for this mode already. But he needs some time before he is entirely secure from utilizing it." Mad Beast Emperor spoke with a smirk on his face.

Lewis sighed and nodded in response to the Emperor's words. But then the Mad Beast Emperor gave him a long look and said, "Hey, I need your help for something."

"Hoho! You're asking for assistance? There appears to be something you can't punch through." When Emperor Lewis heard him, his eyes immediately widened and he became engrossed in his comments.

"Hey, I'm not kidding. I'd like you to assist my disciple in manifesting Spear Spirit. You have mastered a variety of weaponry as the leader of an assassin family. And, during a one-on-one conflict, the spear is your most visible weapon. I merely learned to punch through objects, as you mentioned." With a solemn expression on his face, Mad Beast Emperor spoke.

"So, what do I gain by assisting you?" Emperor Lewis questioned with a crazy smile.

"This!" A stone appeared in his hand as he handed it over to Emperor Lewis.

Emperor Lewis' eyes widened to the point of collapsing when he saw this stone.

"When did you start being so generous?" Emperor Lewis gave him a serious stare and requested, holding the five-colored stone in his eyes.

"Well, then, accept it as a wedding gift." The remarks of the Mad Beast Emperor swiftly lifted Emperor Lewis' brows in rage. However, he did not return the Five Color Stone. It was now or never for him to enter the Half-Saint Realm.

"Hey, why have you been ignoring me for so long? Why are you only giving it to him? My disciple is also your disciple's girlfriend. How come I'm not getting a wedding gift?" Fire Emperor snatched Mad Beast Emperor's collar and screamed with a sobbing expression.

Everyone else was perplexed when they saw three emperors conversing in this manner. They couldn't understand what they were saying since they couldn't hear their chat. But when the emperors saw the five-colored stone, their faces altered.

A melancholy aura appeared in the room for a brief while. When Emperor Lewis and Fire Emperor sensed this atmosphere, they became alarmed, but Mad Beast Emperor became irritated.

"Do you all want to die?" Mad Beast Emperor spoke with a horrible expression on his face. However, the emperors around them did not respond, instead, a melancholy laughing rang out in the room.

"Surrender your Five Elements Source Stones, Mad Beast Emperor. Maybe you're a Half-Saint. But you won't be able to defeat this many emperors." With a threatening tone, a bald man walked out and stood in front of Mad Beast Emperor.

"Is this your decision?" Mad Beast Emperor rose up as he said this.

"Choice? Do you believe we can make a choice? The stone you have in your possession is the only method to get to Half-Saint. We have no idea how you obtained that."

"However, you should be more aware of its impact than anyone else. We can, of course, resolve this peacefully. Just sell us those stones!" Another Emperor approached him and spoke with a solemn expression on his face.

Tick! Tick! Tick! Tick!

"Are these the stones you're referring to?" Mad Beast Emperor abruptly threw dozens of Five Elements Source Stones into the ground and spoke with a maniacal grin on his face.

"You?? "Are you sure you know what you're doing?" The words of the bald emperor annoy him immediately, and he speaks with homicidal intent.

"It doesn't matter what he does. Just take those dang stones!" The emperor next to him, on the other hand, rushes for the stones.

But not before he had a chance to touch it. An energy bursts out of Mad Beast Emperor. It quickly transforms from white to purple and coating his entire body. The Mad Beast Emperor takes a step forward and grabs his head.

"It appears that being Emperor has given you a bad case of arrogance."

Splash! Thud!

Mad Beast Emperor shatters the emperor's head in front of the eyes of dozens of emperors. Blood spits from his head. He swings his broken head and tosses the dead body to the ground, saying, "Firebird, hold these stones for me!"

As he says this, he flips his leg and uses the air pressure to propel the stones. Then he turns to face the remaining emperor and says, "I and my disciples are extremely similar in many respects. But there are certain differences between us. His women are most essential to him."

"However, treasures are the most essential aspect for me. However, unlike him, only persons approved by me are permitted to take my riches, which does not include pests like you."

"You are too arrogant, Mad Beast." Those emperors were terrified for a little moment as a result of his actions. But when they heard his final words, their bodies erupted in wrath. The majority of them rushed towards him, while the father of Thorn Princess went slowly behind Fire Emperor and Emperor Lewis.

Both of them promptly released their ability energy after sensing his presence. But Thorn Princess's father quickly lifted both of his hands and exclaimed, "I didn't mean to fight you, people. I just don't want to get involved in their feud."

As he said this, he cast a peek at Mad Beast Emperor. However, the room had already been shattered by a thunderous explosion. The emperors and the Mad Beast Emperor were floating in the air. The emperors around him, and the bald emperor yelled.

"Everyone, if we overcome him, we will be able to reach Half-Saint. There is no reason to conceal anything. Use all of your strength."

Thorn Princess' father stared down at the bald man and said, "I thought we needed to explore the world and use our brain for cultivation." Suddenly, he addressed Fire Emperor and Emperor Lewis, "Do you think a human can cultivate in a desert location without using his brain?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What in the world happened?" Mike dashed in front of the ladies and immediately utilized his body to block the enormous air pressure. The increasing air pressure gradually dismantles the protective force field. Seeing this, MC's legs began to tremble and he yelled, "Everyone retreat! Get out of the arena!"

"AHhhh!" When she felt an overwhelming pressure on her body, a middle-aged woman yelled. While rushing exiting the arena, the man standing next to her reaches his hand and catches her.

"Please assist me!" A voice echoed in his ears as he passed through. When the man turned back, he noticed a man with shaking legs screaming for aid.

When he saw this, he gave him a white look and ran away.

"Goddamn it! How come master is surrounded by them?" Mike yelled, his hands in a protective position, as he looked up at the sky.

"We don't know, but we need to flee," Alena yelled as she grabbed his hand. Mikes gives a nod and rushes away. When he heard his master roar, his step came to a halt.

"ARE YOU OBSERVING ME? THIS IS HOW YOU MERGE THEM."

"Why did you come to a halt? That is not a conflict that we can observe." When Mike came to a standstill, Alena yelled. Mike immediately turns around and looks up. A peculiar sensation tingles across his skin.

'Slaughter Spirit! Fighting  Spirit! Master has two spirits as well!'

Mike freaked out for a little while in his mind. He turns around and yells, "Alena, please take Olive, Tori, and Andrew out!  I'll be there later."

"Are you insane? Did you miss what I just said? That is the Emperor's Battle. We can't see it from this vantage point. And those guys are still around. You've already irritated two of them. Please, let us......" When Alena heard Mike, she yelled. But when she noticed a solemn expression on his face, she became perplexed.

"Master has a valuable lesson for me. I can't afford to miss this." Mike removes her hand from his and proceeds towards the middle.

Six people stood in front of him with their hands folded. Four of them were human geniuses, with the remaining two being Ava and Ares. Thorn Princess was irritated to see Mike return so quickly. Her eyes betrayed a murderous intent.

As she vanished and reappeared in front of Mike, spatial energy emitted from her body. Her body was floating in the air when she let go of the thorn.

Bang!

However, a figure suddenly materialized in front of Mike and deflected the thorn with a red blood sword. Ava stood in front of Mike while blocking the thorn. Everyone, including Mike, was taken aback when she stood up to Thorn Princess.

He couldn't figure out why Ava had gotten in the way. Ava returned her gaze and answered with a smile. "This bitch dares to make fun of my sister. Why don't I teach her a lesson?"

"Give it up! This is not the appropriate time." Mike smiled as he heard her comments. Ava appears to have accepted Alena and others as sisters. But Mike wasn't stupid enough to fight at this time. He took her hand in his and snapped his finger.

When Mike and Ava vanished and reappeared in the center. Thorn Princess became further angrier. When she turned around, Silver King said, "He is correct. This is not the time for a battle."

Her step came to a standstill when she heard his remarks.

Thud!

Mike sat on the ground in front of everyone, his right hand supporting his face. He raises his left hand and shakes it, saying, "I come to witness my master. Let's fight again the next time!"

As he said this, his eyes slowly traveled up and focused on his master. Two purple spirits merged in front of his eyes to form one. It seemed as if two balloons had merged into one. Mike became ecstatic despite the fact that he had no idea how he had merged both spirits.

Mad Beast Emperor glides his pupils across the sky and notices Mike seated on the ground, observing him. At the same time, he noticed the folks who were standing behind him. His eyes glowed with a smirk on his lips. He raises his pupils and looks about, exclaiming, "Well! It will be a one-sided slaughter if I use my strength. That will be too boring for our audience."

"What do you think about this?" As soon as he said that, Mad Beast Emperor sucked his aura inside. Those emperors instantly recognized his objective with the diminished aura.

"Humph!" One of the emperors snorted and charged towards the Mad Beast Emperor. His speed was quicker than teleportation, but in Mad Beast Emperor's eyes, he was as slow as a snail. Mad Beast Emperor moves and dodges when he smashed his fist.

Splash!

"Hey, I repressed my realm. But I am always serious." As soon as he says this, he grabs his hand. When the emperor attempted to release his arm, he expelled a tremendous amount of energy. However, the purple coating quickly repressed the energy. The Mad Beast Emperor snatches his hand and rips it.

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Few drops of blood fell on the ground in front of Mike. But Mike was still looking at the sky.

Several drops of blood landed on the ground in front of Mike. Mike, on the other hand, was still staring at the sky.

'Spirit not only enables us to combat harmful natural abilities but also all types of energy. Master is suppressing the emperor's force with his spirits. But this seems implausible, doesn't it? His spirit is only three levels above mine.'

'Spirit can be employed both offensively and defensively. This is what he instilled in me. He was using spirit for both at the time. On the one hand, he is aiming for offense, while on the other, he is aiming for defense. That is referred to as suppression.'

'Aside from suppression, I can't even use it for a single job properly.  Blessing is equal to spirit, at least in a strength battle. It's not like the emperor would battle my master without a blessing. That indicates that my master was only able to breach it because he merged both of his spirits.'

'So it's not combining spirits, but blending them. If using them together is addition, then combining them is multiplication. If that is the case, after joining two spirits, I should be able to block Sword Demon's strike.'

"Goddamn it! Everyone, make use of everything you've got!" When he watched the Mad Emperor easily breaking the arm, one of the emperors yelled.

"CAN YOU HEAR ME, KIDS?" Mad Beast Emperor yells as the horde of emperors rushes at him.

"Huh!" Everyone looks at him with a surprised expression on their faces.

"At first, I was attempting to instruct my disciple. However, you have the fortitude to remain during the emperor's war. I'll offer you some pointers." Mad Beast Emperor spoke, putting a smile on everyone's faces. They didn't, however, forget to glance at Mike with envy.

"Point No. 1 – Whether you are a girl or a boy, a swordsman or a martial artist. It is all about exercising and strengthening your body during cultivation. If you ignore it simply because you don't fight with your fist, you will be demoted from the status of a genius."

While saying this, he dashed for one of the emperors. He tightened his fist and pushes it towards the emperor's head. The emperor used his fire energy to retaliate, creating a powerful stream of flames but his fist burst through the flames. Until it smashes the head to smithereens.

Splash!

The blood splattered on his body, but he didn't care. He stepped to the center and said, "Point No.2- No matter what race you are in, as long as you have Will for something, you can always awaken the Original Will. So, the battle for the Will, awaken it and make the spirit manifest. You can awaken as many as you desire as long as you have a strong Will."

His purple spirits split in two in an instant. However, four distinct purple spirits explode from his body. Six distinct purple spirits, three on the right and three on the left.

"It's the Blood Spirit!" When Ava noticed one of the spirits floating above Mad Beast Emperor, she yelled.

"And that is the Strength Spirit," Ares yelled in unison with Ava.

"Slaughter, Fighting, Strength, and Blood! What about the other two?" Mike muttered in hushed tones, but everyone heard him.

"The Fist Spirit is one of them. I'm not sure about the last one." Max spoke with solemnity in his eyes. He's just woken one spirit, and it's not even enough. He's never heard of somebody manifesting six spirits.

"Slaughter, Fighting, Strength, Blood, Fist, and Berserk. Do you suppose he'll use that as well?" In the half-destroyed room, Fire Emperor turned to Emperor Lewis and inquired.

"Tch, he's such a simpleton. He might utilize it to amaze his students and other geniuses." Emperor Lewis talked with a click of his tongue.

"Well, you look at that. He is really using it as well." Fire Emperor turned his head Mad Beast Emperor and said with excitement.

A golden light explodes from Mad Beast Emperor at this time. One golden spirit appears among the six purple spirits. It transformed into the Mad Beast Emperor himself, standing tall and holding other spirits around.

"That's the beast I'm familiar with. He eventually used Invincible Spirit after the battle with Dean."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Golden Spirit!!!!!!!!!!!" When Mike saw the golden spirit, he immediately stood on his leg. It was so dazzling that even the sun's rays were obscured. Most importantly, this spirit was unique. It was shaped like the Mad Beast Emperor, and six other spirits were floating around it.

"Point No. 3: This has nothing to do with the training you. But don't forget about I since it's important. I am unbeatable."

Everyone's mouth twitched when they heard his remarks. Mikes were all the same.

"Sigh! His arrogance never changes." As he spoke, the Fire Emperor's attitude darkened.

"He did, after all, overcome the dean. However, proclaiming himself invincible is still arrogant." Emperor Lewis sighed and averted his attention from him.

In the sky, the Mad Beast Emperor dashed towards one of the emperors.

While doing so, the golden spirit merges with him. It formed a golden armor around his body. At the same time, six purple spirits hovered over him.

Everyone fled as they saw his growing strength, but they couldn't outrun him. When he reached in front of the emperor, he clenched his five fingers together and placed his fist on the emperor's stomach, blocking the sword with his other hand.

He shifted his weight slightly to the right. Five emperors were running in front of him. Only then did he push his fist with all of his might. Strength Spirit and Fist Spirit united with his body in an instant.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

His fist pierced the emperor's stomach, releasing a massive torrent of purple energy. Behind that monarch, the torrent went into his stomach. Six dead were found on the ground as a result of a single attack.

'That..... that was the impact.' With his fist, he made an impact that pierced the emperor's stomach. But influence couldn't be that strong, could it? Wait a minute, that impact was purple, and two different purple spirits fused with him during the attack.'

'How did he combine impact and the purple spirit, though? The impact is supposed to be the result of the collision. Wait a second! Did he employ Aura as a channel to connect the purple spirit with the impact? He did say that Aura can maintain a balance between the tangible and the intangible.'

'So that's why he taught me about auras.' Damn! I had no idea it would be so handy. I would have practiced it otherwise. Isn't this implying that I still have a long way to go before reaching the General Realm?'

Mike almost freaked out and entirely forgot about his master for a while.

'However, it does not state that I need to improve them while I'm in the Soldier Realm. I can still get to General Realm and enhance my skills. However, the question is how?  It appears that I will need to train with the master for a while.'

'I also need to figure out what's going on with the spirits' I currently have two, one of which can be accessed in the future. However, I now see how tough it is to manifest. Even with master's assistance, I was unable to manifest spear spirit.'

'However, I do have opportunities to awaken Strength and Fist spirit. Berserk may be feasible, however, it is diametrically opposed to my zombie mode. That is something I need to work on. In terms of Blood Spirit, if Slaughter can assist, I can practice it. Otherwise, it might not be my cup of tea.'

"What are you thinking?" A voice abruptly interrupted his thoughts. He was startled by the voice and took a few steps back until he realized it was his own master.

"You nearly scares the shit out of me. I was thinking about several questions." Mike was aware that there were others around him, so he didn't say anything. The Mad Beast Emperor nods and walks in front of the others.

"It is unfortunate. However, the competition will come to a conclusion here. I assume you won't be able to confront each other anytime soon. But don't worry, you'll be given another chance in six months. So, let us part ways." As he said this, he grabbed Mike's hand and vanished.

"Huh!" Everyone in the room tilts their heads in disbelief as they hear his comments. They didn't get his point, and more significantly, how could he make such a decision?

But, all of a sudden, they became aware of their predicament. Several emperors' bodies were scattered around them. Emperors were the earth's powerhouses. Just one of the dying could sap their strength, let alone dozens.

They didn't linger around instead fled.

"What the hell, man? You simply had to assassinate those rulers to put an end to the competition? Is it possible that you've lost your mind?" Fire Emperor immediately grabbed his collar and yelled like a maniac.

"I was also forced, okay? And don't ask me who made me do it." Mad Beast Emperor pushed himself away from Fire Emperor and yelled.

"Does it even need to be asked? You didn't want to see your disciple defeated, did you? He would have to confront five battles with five distinct geniuses, according to the match-up routine. Starting with Max, moving on to the Silver King, Ares, Thorn Princess, and lastly the Sword Demon."

"A single battle was enough to inflict severe wounds on him. But, despite this, you struck a deal with her father. That was a pleasant diversion." Emperor Lewis spoke with a mocking expression on his face.

"Huh!" Mike was perplexed while he listened, as it took him a long time to understand.

"I had no choice. Those knuckleheads had already suspected me. More significantly, I told you he is not the primary cause." Mad Beast Emperor grumped as he folded his hands over his head.

"Kid, don't take his remarks seriously! He is certainly deceiving you. Despite his rough exterior, he is a softie at heart. His most valuable asset was once money, but you have replaced it. Congratulations, your master will now give you his full support." Emperor Lewis disregarded Mad Beast Emperor and congratulated Mike by patting him on the back.

"Hush!" When Mad Beast Emperor heard his remarks, he sighed and smiled, "He's right, kid. You and I have a lot of things in common. And this competition has made me sincerely adore you. Hahaha! I never imagined that someone could ever replace my passion for treasure."

"Master!" Mike's face flushed when he heard his comments. Though he managed to keep his tears at bay, he was tremendously moved by his master. He immediately embraced his master and remained silent for a brief period.

"But, master, isn't it wrong to wield your power in this manner? I mean, you killed nearly twenty emperors." Mike asked, a little glumly, after departing his embrace.

"All right, let me ask you a question. Would you live on the street if you had a billion dollars? Would you leave your entire kingdom if you had it? Would you betray your life's love if you had one? The answer differs depending on the person's point of view and experience."

"However, my response will stay the same. No! Those are things I will never do. I am neither a Buddha nor a Sage. My name is Tiger, and I am your master. If I feel forced to, I don't care whether it's right or wrong. I'm going to do whatever I want. However, you must set certain boundaries."

"I have those. As a result, I am not concerned about my conduct. I don't have to worry about anything as long as I don't do those things. Don't overthink things! In the future, you'll have to deal with more and more people who are worse than me. In fact, one is already standing next to you."

As he said this, he turned his head to look at Emperor Lewis.

"Hey, I don't go around slaying people to diminish the earth's strength." Emperor Lewis suddenly became enraged and yelled at him.

"You are worse than I am. At the very least, I only oppress anyone who is not a member of my family. But you even oppress your own daughter." Mad Beast Emperor snorted at him.

"Alas! Simply tell me what you want to say." Emperor Lewis immediately recognized the motive veiled behind his words and inquired. But Mike was still perplexed as he stared at Fire Emperor.

"Despite the fact that they bicker and presumably don't like each other all that much, they are still extremely good friends." Fire Emperor smiled and explained calmly.

"Who is this beast/murderer's friend?" Both the Mad Beast Emperor and Emperor Lewis became enraged by his statements and roared at him at the same time.

"Puff!" Mike and Fire Emperor busted out laughing when they saw their expressions.

"All right, beast, tell me what you want." Emperor Lewis immediately turned his back on Mad Beast Emperor and spoke in a commanding tone.

"I know you don't have a proper heir. However, you are not able to have one with proper talent. So, how about marrying off your daughters to my disciple? He possesses a significant talent. With him, your daughter can have a healthy and talented child. You can also make him your heir. It's not as if my disciple will only have one child." Mike was taken aback when Mad Beast Emperor suggested something.

"That's not such a horrible idea! It won't matter much because they're already together. Mike is now eighteen, correct? Sera and Olive are sixteen years old. They will be eighteen in two years, while he will be twenty. That is the proper age for an official marriage." Emperor Lewis was caught aback by his suggestion, but he thought it was spot on.

"Can you not talk about my future marital life in front of me?" Mike was irritated and yelled.

"Oh! You are still present."

Mike raises his middle finger in reaction to that response. But then Emperor Lewis makes a serious face and says, "Mike, I have something to talk with you. It's about Olive."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Emperor Lewis frowned and continued, "As you are already aware, I am currently pressuring Olive to reach the top 10 at whatever cost.  I may be cruel, but there is a purpose behind it. I would have disregarded her if it hadn't been for this reason."

"After all, it's the only way to save her."

"Don't even get me started on this one" Don't give me your filthy reasons for hurting her like that. I don't want to hear your pathetic justifications. I have neither hatred nor love for you. If you have anything to explain, go back to Olive and explain everything to her." Hearing his words, bloodlust flashed over his eyes as he yelled.

He understands how they feel because he has read dozens of novels. He understands how a character feels about betrayal, torture, or anything else of the sort. That is why he is unable to turn a blind eye to it. Olive is a lovely young lady.

He might be forgiven by her. But that doesn't give him any reason to pay attention. Mike turned around and walked away after yelling at him. He had already decided to return to the hotel.

"Sigh! Lewis, don't worry about that youngster! I'm astonished he stated he has no hatred or love for you. If that had been him a few days earlier, he would have detested you." As he rested his palm on Lewis' shoulder, the Mad Beast Emperor moaned.

"I believe he is correct, Lewis. You cannot simply flee your acts. Everything has its own karma. As long as you adequately explained your actions to your daughter, she may forgive you. But keep in mind not to make any rash decisions. A heart is nothing more than a piece of glass. It can't be mended together as it was once it's broken. So be careful what you say." Fire Emperor sighed and spoke while glancing behind Mike.

"Alright! I'll give it some thought. Are you going to catch up to him, by the way? He appears to have a lot of questions, yet he was irritated because of me." Emperor Lewis spoke, nodding his head with a mournful smile.

"Yes,", When Mad Beast Emperor discovered this, he dashed at Mike. Mike, on the other hand, had already arrived at the hotel.

"Wait for me, boy!" When the Mad Beast Emperor saw Mike was already in the elevator, he yelled.

When he heard his master's voice, his footstep came to a halt as he waited for him. In less than a second, the Mad Beast Emperor approached him.

"Master, if you're going to look like this, why did you force me to stop in the first place?" When Mike saw the Mad Beast Emperor was already standing behind him, he yelled.

"Hahaha! Don't be concerned about that boy! I need to talk about something important." Mad Beast Emperor spoke as he entered the elevator.

"If you're referring to training, I'll begin it in three days." Mike had already made plans for what he would do if the competition was canceled.

"Ahh! In that regard, since you already have the Spear Will, I believe Lewis can assist you in manifesting the Spear Spirit. I've already inquired about it with him. I'll leave the notes on the blending of the spirits for now. I have a plan for this and the next month. As a result, I won't be around you for a while."

"Firebird and that cruel assassin will defend you while I am away. But don't put too much faith in them." With an uneasy smile, Mad Beast Emperor scratched the back of his head and said.

"Well, I'm afraid there's nothing I can do about that. Don't worry, I'll continue to practice until next week. Then I'll enter the Ascension to Godhood. I have a task to complete there." Mike nods his head, his face expressionless.

"Oh! By the way, I heard a new raid inside the Ascending to Godhood will begin in two weeks. It appears that geniuses from around the world have assembled to raid the One of the Three Forbidden Dungeons. Only those who finished in the top ten in the genius competition, as well as some people who have previously reached General Realms and registered, are permitted to join."

"You should give it a shot because you're already in the top ten." When Mad Beast Emperor told Mike about the next dungeon raid, his eyes twinkled.

"Don't be concerned, Master! That is something I am already aware of. I intend to reach the General Realm in the next three days, after which I will begin my tough training." Mike smiles as he nods in response to his master's expression.

"All good, then, I have nothing to be concerned about. By the way, I have a serious message for you." Mad Beast Emperor's smile quickly melts away, replaced by a solemn face. When Mike notices this, he immediately stares at him solemnly.

"Do not struggle against these Four Geniuses, whether in the Real World or the Virtual World. Jerry from Alkiwon, Gabriel from Alkiwon, and Prince of Elves are the Blood Demon King, Jerry from Alkiwon, and Prince of Elves. Our server is currently connected to the Divine Fire Continent in the Virtual World."

"You have no concept what this planet is like. So I won't go into specifics. However, Elves also exist on that continent. And the Prince of Elves, often known as the Most Handsome Prince or the Most Charming Prince, is powerful genius as other three."

"Not only that, but he's the type of person who likes girls and tries to recruit them into his harem. He can be really a pain in the ass if your partners meet him. I'm not sure why, but I have a feeling you two will meet soon. But, if you happen to run across him, don't attack him. Do not attack him until I approve; else, he will completely DECIMATE YOU, understand?"

Mike was taken aback when he heard his statements. He had no idea his own master would say something like this. But he tightened his hand and nodded. He knew it wouldn't be an easy target because his own master said so.

"All right, that's all I have to say. Goodbye!" As soon as he said it, he vanished from the elevator. Mike clenched his hand for a few moments before the elevator stopped and he walked out. He pulls out his phone and dials Jenny's number.

"Hello! What happened? Why did Uncle Tiger murder those emperors?"

She began asking him in fury as soon as she picked up his phone. Only then did he discover that his phone was in the system space, where there is no signal. She must have called him, but she did not check her missed calls.

"It was a bit of a sticky situation. Don't worry, that was his personal issue, which he had resolved. The competition has now concluded. I was ranked in the top ten, but it appears that I will not be able to return anytime soon." Mike spoke as he stroked his hair.

"I don't give a damn! I'd want to ask you a more significant question. Can you tell me everything I need to know about the Blood Demon King, Jerry from Alkiwon, Gabriel from Alkiwon, and that son of a bitch of Elves?"

When he talked about the last guy, he had a murderous purpose in his eyes. He didn't want to offend anyone. But based on his master's remarks, he had a hazy concept about that prince. If they meet, there is a potential he would try to steal his lady.

Mike was certain that his lady would not betray them. His master's words, on the other hand, were considerably clearer. He may get into a fight with him that he cannot win. And there's a danger that this elf will torture or kill his wife.

Losing to such a guy is equivalent to violating his word. So he can't lose, not at all. That is why he must be ready to confront him.

"Hehe! It appears that you have some new adversaries. So far, I've obtained information about Blood Demon King and Jerry. I'll look into the other two as well and get back to you. Are you going to fuck those ladies, by the way?"

"You are aware that they have already transferred $5 billion? Since your battles are going viral around the galaxy, more and more will be added. If you don't hurry up and fuck them now, you'll be in a bad situation later."

"It would also be a good idea if you used that method while fucking them. Believe me, unless you aggressively fuck them again, one night of sex will be enough to satisfy them for a year." Jenny laughed, sounding more charming than ever.

"Hush! I can't believe my own wife is pushing me to go fuck more ladies." Mike could only sigh in response to her words. He wasn't some kind of sex-machine. He couldn't go about banging ladies, could he?

"Come on, we're simply making do with what we've got. I know you don't want us to go around banging boys to make more money. At least, not your partners. As a result, you should be the one to do it. And your company is thriving right now."

"However, you must develop your Golden Slime. Improving it entails acquiring more and better clients. Sunny has already hired 500 prostitutes for the brothel. With a total of 500 males and 500 girls in the brothel, it has already grossed over $20 million in only a few days. But that was only because of the enormous lift provided by your speech."

"The earning rate has been practically stable at $500,000 per day. She is now working on improving the ads section. But you have an important task to complete to fix this."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh! "What exactly is it?" Mike became intrigued by her motives. But he was also a little terrified.

"I'd like you to publicize our company. I am confident that your words will significantly improve our market sector. Of course, I am not telling you to promote our company as an owner, but rather to do so in a cool and comfortable manner."

"Like when you smash some geniuses or when you receive the prize during the award ceremony," Jenny replied solemnly, but he could hear laughter spilling from behind her. Lauren, he discovered, was the source of the laughter.

"Are you sure you're serious? Don't you believe this will tarnish my reputation? Come on! I am one of Asia's top ten geniuses." Mike couldn't help but think about the corporation that had requested him to advertise condoms when he heard her comments. He wasn't a pornstar by any stretch of the imagination. How did he muster the confidence to promote condoms?

But he secretly admired pornstars. You fucking need some guts to fuck your partner or someone else in front of a camera and post it on the internet.  Such bravery is not common. People form social bonds with one another. And they are afraid of being alone.

As a result, they did everything they could to maintain their correct relationship with members of society.

"What kind of nonsense is a reputation? Do you consider yourself a celebrity? Did you forget that a single dark energy crystal costs more than a million dollars? Do you believe you can earn so much money with no background?"

"Do you know why it took Olive two months to reach the pinnacle of Soldier Realm? Was it because she have a talent? No way! Why would a seventeen-year-old lad with S-Rank talent stay in Soldier Realm if talent was everything?"

"You don't have to think about anything. All you have to do is punch through it. You don't give a damn about your reputation! Did you forget how you gained such a large female fan base? Or are you simply floating around as a result of this fan following?"

"Mike, wake up! You've already spent nearly fifty billion in Soldier Realm. That was the first realm. Yes, the majority of it was for the purpose of honing your innate abilities, but it still costs a lot, doesn't it? Mike, don't think about anything other than how to generate money."

"I will set up a perfect situation for you to showcase the company. We need to broaden it. So, do everything in your power." Jenny yelled at him via his phone. Her voice was commanding, as it always was, rendering him helpless.

He couldn't say no to her. Because she was correct. He lacks the ability and capacity to think things thoroughly. He only knows how to punch through things. But he can't punch through anything. As a result, he must rely on the assistance of others.

In this condition, his helpers were Jenny, Sunny, and all other members of his Yin-Yang Harmony Brothel. It was kind of a nice name.

Jenny, Sunny, and the rest of his Yin-Yang Harmony Brothel were his aids in this state.

"All right, Mistress, I'll do as you say." Mike couldn't help but nod. Finally, he hung up the phone and clenched his fist.

'All right, Mike! This is going to be difficult. But you can do it if you're resistant to shame. P  more shamelessness in your actions. Shamelessness is a perfect way to escape poverty.'

He entered the room, embracing this concept. His jaw practically dropped to the ground as he entered the card and opened the door.

Four beautiful women were kissing each other on the bed in front of him.

"Oh! You've arrived. We prepared for it because you said you'd give us a magnificent pounding at the end of the competition. But because you were late, we had to start on our own." Alena accepted Tori's kiss and whispered with passionate eyes.

When she turned around, his gaze was drawn to her boobs. He could tell her nipples were tough. Not only did she have hard nipples, but everyone else did as well.

"Girls, I'm coming!" Mike immediately threw off his clothes and rushed into bed. He smirked as he gazed at four nude stunning hot chicks and asked, "So, who shall be the first?"

"How about me?"

"No, I come first!"

"I believe I should be the chosen one."

"Who do you think you are? Obviously, I am the one he proposed to me at the beginning. As a result, I should be the first."

"Tch! Don't boast. He was the first to finger me. And I was the one who gave him the blowjob. As a result, it should be me."

"Hey, I've already reserved him for a full night for five billion dollars. I think I should be the one."

"Don't think you're the only one who reserved him for the full evening. In addition, I spent $5 billion on him."

"You ladies are simply boasting because you have more money. I was the one who snatched his heart."

"You're not the only one who has stolen his heart. I did the same thing. And, of course, I was the one he fucked in the first place."

"Girls, girls, girls!" GIRLS!" When he saw them clashing, Mike bitterly smiled. He didn't expect them to quarrel about anything so insignificant. Their argument came to a halt when he yelled out loud, and he continued to explain.

"There is no need for you girls to fight each other. This will not be a typical sex session. I'm going to show you something incredible. I swear I'll fuck all four of you until you pass out." Mike spoke with a solemn expression.

"All right, I'm not going to argue about getting dick for the first time."

"Me, too!  What does it matter if these bimbos get this dick first?"

Mike became even more speechless when he heard these words. They were fighting over the same dick just a second ago.

"All right, but before you do that, take out all of your dark energy crystals," Mike spoke as he extracted twenty dark energy crystals from system space.

They tilted their heads in uncertainty as they heard his remark, but they still followed his instructions. Tori extracted nearly a hundred dark energy crystals from among them. Ava took out eighty dollars. Olive and Alena took out fifty dollars. Mike sighed as he counted his dark energy crystals.

Nonetheless, he arranged them around the bed. He needed dark energy crystals because the dark energy from nature would not suffice for the dual cultivation.

'Jenny was correct. I must alter my attitudes. I need to be more brazen. I need to come up with more ways to obtain dark energy crystals. Dual cultivation is quick, but it consumes a lot of energy. I have no choice but to rely on dark energy crystals.' Mike was thinking in his head as he placed those crystals.

"Are you sure you're going to fuck us? Why would you need to surround the bed with dark energy crystals?" Tori inquired, perplexed. Despite her wealth, she was unaware of Mike's cultivation. The majority of people are unaware. Only a few people had guessed, but they were Mike's closest associates, such as his master.

"Haha! Tonight, I'll show you a surprise." Mike spoke as he finished putting them in place. Then he turned around to face the four girls in front of him.

"This time, I'm going to taste each of you individually. As a result, you may have to wait a while." He moved towards Olive after saying this.

Olive became ecstatic when she noticed his movement and crept towards him while the other girls gave him a blank expression. Nonetheless, they moved a little further. The bed was large enough to sleep ten people, and they were only five.

"Hmmm! Uhmmm!"

Mike moved his head closer to her neck as he slowly drew her into his embrace. He wanted to take his time, so he began by kissing her neck. Olive moaned as his hot breath stroked her skin. While doing so, he slowly lowered his head and nibbled into her neck.

"Is it just me, or did these melons grow in a matter of days?" Mike teased her while kissing around her breasts as his face reached her boobs.

"Ahhh! They did not develop." Each kiss produced hot breath, but it was something else that piqued her curiosity. His hard little dragon was prodding her in the tummy. She moved her hand slowly and captured his small dragon.

She stroked his little dragon with her palm wrapped around it. Her delicate touch tingled his skin and filled him with a pleasant sensation. Mike sucked deeply as he slid his mouth gently towards her erect nipple.

His suction made her groan even louder, while other females looked on in lust. They started to move each other. They began playing with each other while kissing and fingering each other's pussies. Mike didn't look at them, but he could hear their moaning all the time.

He finally decided to take a bite after sucking it a few times. He took a short bite with his bare teeth in the center of the nipples.

"Ahhhh! Mike!!!"

That bite was both painful and pleasurable. She quickly wrapped her arms around his neck, drawing him in closer. He wiggled his teeth a little, but he didn't bite hard. He discovered that each movement had an effect on her stroking.

Her hands were now moving at a faster pace. But he immediately used the Chaotic Path to Harmony.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When he engages the Chaotic Path towards Harmony, his desire to cum vanishes. Instead, he'd like to taste her pussy right now. He grabs her waist and pulls her up. Then he lies down on the bed, upside down, with her above him.

His actions spoke for themselves. She raises her head and sticks out her tongue in that position. The pink tongue brushes against the tip of his little dragon, and the entire dragon gently enters her throat. At the very least, she tries. However, only put half of the small dragon inside her.

Hmmm!

Simultaneously, he sticks his tongue out and touches her pink cave. She, on the other hand, was extremely sensitive, especially when someone touched her pussy. His tongue danced around the cave without piercing it. He wasn't going to make her cum like this again, unlike the last time.

He had a different strategy in mind. So he was devising a secret approach.

Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State

Mike finally takes her up and places her on the bed after a few minutes. He moves past her and leans in closer to her face.

"Do you believe me?" Mike is whispering in her ear.

"I wouldn't have given you my first if I hadn't trusted you." Olive didn't comprehend his hidden meaning, but she answered him honestly.

"What if I turn out to be a scumbag?" Mike inquired, "Then I can just become a bitch." Olive replied with a smirk.

"When I walk in, press down on my dick as hard as you can. Try to suck the energy you feel inside your body into your brain." Mike spoke out when he noticed her smirk. That ferocity in her gaze told him to go for it.

"You don't have to say anything." Olive extends her pussy carefully, allowing Mike's little dragon to enter her cave. Mike clutched his little dragon and slowly entered through the dark pink entrance once she had done so. The deeper it gets, the more her pussy contracts.

At the same time, her look shifts to one of delight. Her tongue dropped out as her eyes widened when Mike finally entered the innermost part. His little dragon was stretching her wide and tightening her pussy at the same time.

It was pushing Olive to her breaking point. Slowly moving his hips out, he smashes his hips in as the quarter of his small dragon remains inside. More than half of the small dragon enters her lair, her womb spread wide.

"Ahhhhh! Fuccccckkkkkk! Thiiisss isssss toooo intenseeee."

"Mikeeeee! Can'tttt holwd onnnn!"

Mike said, "Olive, experience the energy, you will forget the agony," as tears welled up in her eyes.

At this point, the Chaotic Path to Harmony was taking another step forward. In addition, the Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State was triggered.

"Suck that energy, Olive, suck on my comprehension!"

Mike yelled as he pushed his dick deep within her. Olive was barely feeling the energy as his dick pierced her womb so deeply that it pressed hard.

"Ughhh! Hohohohoh! Yeahhhhh! Fuckkkkk!"

Mike hammers his dick inside her, and she feels every inch of her body shake. Not just the physical, but also the spiritual. Nonetheless, this is exactly what he desired. Mike was sucking the energy at the same time she was.

This energy was distinct from chaotic energy. It was, nonetheless, formed from their separate yin and yang energies. Each ounce of energy contained a vast amount of wisdom stored deep within their soul.

Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State

'Smash your dick into her womb, make her eyes well up with tears, shake her soul, and take her to the ride in heaven. Yang is in charge of this task. The energy that provides peace and illumination to the world. Show her pure happiness, penetrated her soul with masculine white juice.'

Mike was reciting the exact procedure in his head while also passing on the phrases to her.

'Take the celestial rod within you, make it your vehicle, and ride the heavens and the earth with joy. You are the queen, and you wield great power. Suck on his vigor, suck on his white fluid, suck on his knowledge; everything is yours.'

The next thing you know, both of them are repeating identical words in their heads.

'Yin and Yang, share your strength, your wisdom, and your trust. Make each other tied by revealing the depths of your soul. The strength of yin-yang, the great dao of supremacy, one man but hundred women or hundred men but one woman, whether hundred dicks or hundred pussies, true chaos is formed only when both unite.'

Claire inside Mike's soul was jolted at this point. She kept biting her nails and mumbling with disbelief in her eyes. "How is this even possible? How did he come up with such a magnificent technique? He hasn't even grasped one-tenth of his Pioneer Body."

"It's not possible. He's a complete moron. So, how exactly? How could he understand the Great Dao of Yin-Yang? Doesn't this imply that the existence of the system is no longer important to him? No, no, no!"

Just as she said that she discovered the system's power acting as a catalyst in the creation of chaos.

"The system is functioning normally. He doesn't know anything about the Yin and Yang Harmony. So, how did he come up with such a dual cultivation stance? A soul is intertwined with the complete body. He's taking advantage of it."

"For the dual cultivation, two parties must be involved equally. But, there is a hidden depth that most people can't see. It is a person who decides to be the base. He is the one who is using the technique and subconsciously controlling his partner during the dual cultivation. In this situation, Mike is using his soul or simply his body as a base."

"When his dick pounds inside her, it releases the yang energy. The yang energy released by his dick gets controlled by the Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State and merges with his dick. Making his dick as a medium, this energy swallows the comprehension from his soul."

"Normally, all we understand is hidden within our soul. It's like a picture-filled room. It penetrates her cave after swallowing the comprehension after releasing out of his dick. Then, with the support of the Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State, Olive controls the Yang Energy and fuses it with her brain."

"The Yang Energy combines with her brain, while the comprehension enters her soul and is absorbed by her soul. In his situation, he must rely on his enter pounding to devour her comprehension."

"Because her soul isn't a base, he can't let the yin energy devour the comprehension immediately. First, he must place her soul in the most vulnerable state possible. Damn! This indicates that he is pounding her so hard that his dick is punching her womb."

"After uniting with her womb, the yin energy can devour the knowledge, completely shaking her soul. She then releases the yin energy and gives it to him. He may readily comprehend all she has comprehended by combining that yin energy with his body."

"And the best part is that it leads to enlightenment. While having the most outrageous sex, both of them are in a state where everything they acquired from each other has been evolved to a completely new state, coupled with their own comprehension."

Claire couldn't help but feel envious of Olive taking such a thrashing. The other three females were scratching their eyes as they watched Mike's dick smashing in and out of her pussy.

They can see the aura emanating from their body with their eyes. They were both entering the General Realm at the same time. Inside Mike, dozens of veins near his chest congregate to form a massive meridian.

The meridian runs from his center core to his heart. Except for the brain, this is the most vital portion of the human body. The center meridian was located here. Despite the fact that it took a long time to complete. Mike rammed his dick in and out of her more than a hundred times throughout this period.

She nearly cumed five times. Nonetheless, they were not relenting. Chaotic Path to Harmony was emitting a powerful suction wave that was draining dark energy from the dark energy crystals. Mike pounded her more than 300 times to construct a complete meridian.

She cumulated approximately ten times. She was cumming less and less as time passed. However, several females were already drenched from staring at Olive's face. They never expected to witness Olive's expression. Alena was the most taken aback.

Olive was making a slut expression. Her eyes, like her mouth, were wide open. Her tongue was dangling from her mouth like a rope. Her breasts jiggled like two melons.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

His dick was pounding within her, his thighs flapping on her ass cheeks. Mike pounded her for three hours straight till she passed out and collapsed on the bed. Mike had officially entered the First Rank General Realm at this point.

"Who wants to go second?" Mike gets to his feet and walks in front of three ladies, his dick covered in his and her cum. In his eyes, there was no sign of tiredness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike was overjoyed as he spoke with a proud look. Never in a million years did he think he'd succeed on his first try. This technique was invented by him. And, unlike skills, he needed to understand something other than energy.

He understood the significance of dual cultivation. To put it simply, Dual Cultivation occurs only when two opposite-sex people exchange knowledge, power, and energy. And Mike felt the same way about it.

He simply ignores everything relating to yin and yang, chaos, or dicks and pussies, and focuses solely on three things. He tested his theory on Olive after discovering the clue regarding the soul and wisdom.

Until now, he wasn't convinced it would work, at least not on the first try. Simply because he hasn't discussed it with Claire. Mike discovered his major problem after confronting Sword Demon. Claire also taught him about the existence of geniuses other than Sword Demon.

He was also aware of his potential adversaries. As a result, he needed to think about it carefully. Either devote your entire time to cultivation or relinquish the title of God of Sex. While he was able to cultivate with the support of dual cultivation, he was unable to train his knowledge.

Leaving aside energy, power and knowledge were the key causes of contention that caused him to question his own way. For a few moments, he even thought he couldn't cultivate seriously if he went around banging ladies.

He just cannot keep developing his cultivation. That inspired him to design something that would assist him in gaining knowledge. After some thought, he devised a method to mediate in a situation in which his brain feels nothing except tremendous pleasure.

This was difficult to obtain. Because, no matter how happy we are, certain recollections of the unhappy event may resurface in our minds, or we will continue to be concerned about our future. But he found his solution.

Sex

The only condition in which his brain will be thinking entirely about pleasure. He came up with the idea of using the soul to impart knowledge as a result of this. However, he required the idea in order to complete the process. As a result, he discovered the solution everywhere around him.

He transformed the space into the void and created a devouring force within the energy using his great understanding of space and the power of chaos. It was difficult because he merely sketched the outline. Everything happened because he used this strategy with the Chaotic Path to Harmony.

Nonetheless, he solved his own difficulty. He no longer has to be concerned about wasting his time when banging those ladies. In fact, the more he fucks, the better it gets. And, if he genuinely fucks a lady of a higher realm, he will gain vast wisdom.

But there is one thing he cannot swallow. Unlike knowledge, all other memories are imprinted on the soul. While he has the ability to swallow comprehension, he only does so after making a copy of that information.

He does not keep it indefinitely. And the only reason he can swallow it is because of the knowledge's bond with his companion. It's really frail. He can't swallow memories or feelings since they are entwined with her soul.

And if he attempts to do so. He's going to break her mind. Because when he swallows it, those memories completely vanish for a few moments. Even if it appears directly back at her, it has no feelings, therefore it makes no difference.

But memories are not the same. They contain emotions, which are similar to a soul to a body, where memory is the body and emotion is the soul. If he tries to devour memories, he may succeed despite the difficulty, but it will be devastating for his companion.

Emotions, unlike information, cannot be kept in a good state within the energy. The void within the energy will absorb those emotions and transform them into nothingness. As a result, he will return an empty shell of memories devoid of feelings.

And that is exactly what he does not want to do. To put it simply, he wants to fuck them till they pass out. With Olive in the hospital, his next aim was Ava. She grabbed his dick so quickly that others couldn't keep up.

She grabs his small dragon and places it in her mouth. Her mouth gradually expands to match the size of the small dragon. He places his hand on her cave while she sucks his small dragon. Instead of stepping inside, he vibrates his finger with three fingers at the edge.

"ahhhhhhh! Soooooo fuckkkiking goodddd!"

His fingers moved like a vibrator, but with feelings. Unlike vibrator, she could feel the heat radiating from his skin when his fingernails scratched her clit. She started to wonder when he learned this trick.

She did, however, remember to swallow his little dragon. She kept working her tongue as she breathed in and out. Mike finally grips her waist and stands up in the bed after five minutes. He turns her face towards the other two ladies, a sneer on his lips.

"Ava, believe me, and let out your insane moans!" As he said this, he positioned his little dragon on the outskirts of the cave and carefully brought it within. He didn't go mad right away but instead gives up a nice and extended entry.

But when the tip of his little dragon touches her womb, he instantly pulls it out and smashed it inside.

"Ahhhhhhhhh!"

Ava screamed in anguish just from the speed of his beating. This was a difficult moment. She experienced the same thing. But when he pounded her for the second time, she felt the pain slowly turn into pleasure. Masochists are sex victorious.

No one wants to confess it. However, when you slide anything like skin against each other, friction is created. Friction generates heat. It is, nevertheless, painful for the body that is capable of feeling.

Why do people have sex? Why are only those over the age of eighteen permitted to have or watch sex? Because their mental and physical bodies will be unable to handle the anguish. Sex is the one thing in life that has the ability to transform pain into pleasure.

And if you become addicted to this pleasure, you're going to be a jerk. It's not necessarily a terrible thing. Nope! But things get a little out of hand when you start dating merely for the sake of sex. This is what they are lacking.

Mind that has matured! Why do we call a person under the age of eighteen who smokes a cigarette a naughty boy? However, we do not say the same thing to adults. Despite the fact that we are aware that both of them are addicted and have a nasty habit.

Because that grownup has lived his fucking bachelor life and now his best friend is a pack of cigarettes. They have already lived a young man's life. And now they have nothing to be concerned about, not even death. Mike is aware of this. But he freaking died just before he could start enjoying that life. A life that awaited him.

This is the sole reason his dick is rubbing into her womb. Her cave stretches a little as it gets deeper.

Wouldn't you feel agony if someone pinched your skin and tried to stretch it? The same thing is occurring to Ava. She is moaning with delight as he stretches her cave. That is the enchantment of sex. The masochist of sex is someone who turns agony into pleasure.

Mike feels the same way, even if he isn't in as much pain as she is. His dick is still coming and going. No matter how much she squirts, her pussy will not become oily. That tunnel is still just a thin layer of skin.

"Fucckkkkk! Fuck! Fuck! Sooooo goooodddd!"

"Ohhhh mmyyy goooddd!"

"I ammmmm in heavennnnnn!"

Alena and Tori could sense Ava's extreme delight from the drool flowing out of her mouth. Their pussies twitched a lot already, but they had no choice but to finger each other and wait.

His central meridian was only reinforced after fucking Ava for one hour. He may spend an enormous amount of energy to enhance the meridian after it has been formed. He obviously didn't want to squander this opportunity.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

Mike went little nuts this time. He kept slapping her ass cheeks while bashing her pussy. Her tongue curled out like a dog every time he slapped her. Finally, he comes to a halt in that posture and raises her leg above his shoulder.

Then, while stroking her breasts, he drills his dick inside her pussy. Even though they were brief, they were exhilarating, especially when he pinched her nipples. He lays down on the bed and places her over him after fucking her in that position.

This time he was going a little be harder. His dick hits her womb when he pushes her waist down, and 75% of his dick enters her cave.

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

After this moment, the moan only got louder.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He discovered Ava passed out after pounding her for another two hours. Tori then came closer to him. Surprisingly, Alena did not argue or try to take the initiative. Mike's cultivation progressed immediately after pounding Ava, and he eventually completed the first meridians.

Simultaneously, significant alterations happened in his physique. He activated Blood Will and practiced Berserk Domain in addition to Blood Domain. It was all in his head, of course. And he was preoccupied with something else.

Tori's pussy was that. Because, once he had Tori in his grasp, he did not beat around the bushes and catch her waste. He lifted her up while standing on the bed this time. While kissing her, he carefully places his dick on her pussy.

"Ughhhh!"

When Mike pressed his little dragon deep into her, she felt immense pain. But, soon when he reached the womb and pulls it out. She felt a little relieved.

"Ahhhh!"

But her relief lasted only a few seconds before he crushed her down. She shouted in agony as she pulled free from the kiss. But the anguish changes when he pulls out and pushes her down again.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

Mike's small dragon began to pounce on her womb. She grows hornier as she spends more time with him. He touched her behind and continued to fondle her. Then he licked her neck with his tongue protruding from his mouth.

"Oi!" "Ahhh!" "Oh mmyy fuckkinggg goodddd!"

"Ahhhhhhhh!"

Mike simply quickens his pace, making his hand go faster. His actions caused his small dragon to strike her womb like an electric jolt. The little dragon's tip was striking the womb at a high rate, causing her to gaze up, mouth wide agape.

That was quite the scene. Tori squirted a lot of juice after slamming into her for ten minutes. However, it did not end there. Mike is generating a lot of cum with the Yin-Yang Harmony System. But he wasn't yet cuming.

They didn't seem to be able to make him cum. But he didn't seem to mind. She passed out as he continued to beat her pussy for another two hours. Alena was finally given her turn.

"Mike, I--- I wanted to ask you something." While holding his dick in her hand, Alena looks at his eyes and says.

"Simply tell me! " Mike nods, not understanding her point.

"I don't want you to rape me while employing that wonderful expertise that can help us grow. I want you to fuck me naturally," Alena said solemnly. However, a cheeky smile quickly developed on it.

"Alright! But I also have a question," he said, leaning in close to her ears and whispering, "Do you want to bear my seed?" "

"You!!! Are you sure? " Alena wasn't sure whether to be delighted or sad. When she asked, she was taken aback.

"Yes!"Mike smiles and nods.

"No!" Alena shook her head and kissed him unexpectedly. She said, "I want to be a god," after breaking the kiss.

"Hmm!" Hearing her words, Mike looked at her with surprise. He didn't expect her ambition to be so great.

"I'm afraid I'll wind up doing awful things to others. Normally, I am unconcerned about the feelings or lives of others. I ignore them if they are of no benefit to me. If they get in my path, I'll kill them. I am not as pure as others. After the age of fourteen, I began taking dicks in my hole."

Then she looks him in the eyes and says, "Originally, I didn't have much faith in you. And the time I let you fuck me was simply for fun. But, from the moment I met you till now, I've seen the same things in your eyes. That drive to defend your woman while fucking every gorgeous lady you can find."

"But then I had an epiphany. There are people you care about more than others. Olive is your favorite. Is it because she was righteous? But why do you still have the same enthusiasm for other women when you clearly prefer one above the others?"

Mike was stumped by her question and had no idea how to respond. He strokes his hair and replies, "Actually, I'm not sure. I want to keep my girlfriend safe. But, when it comes to loving them, I choose some over others. I have two sex slaves, you see."

"One is Liora, and the other is Sunny. Even if Liora is wealthy and talented, I still prefer Sunny. On the other side, between Lauren and Jenny, I like Jenny. Jenny is, indeed, wealthy. Lauren, on the other hand, was more talented and stronger when we met. She was also a childhood acquaintance, and more specifically, a lover of mine."

"Love is very mysterious. I don't know why but I feel this way. And, probably it won't change."

Mike eases himself onto the bed, allowing her to sit on his lap. And then he continues, "I am not excellent at thinking things through. These are the kinds of jobs I delegate to her and you girls. The same is true for a harem."

"I don't enjoy being in charge, so I gave Jenny the freedom to do whatever she wanted. She's not a horrible girl, after all. She doesn't mind how many ladies I have. So I suppose that's why I adore her so much."

"You are wrong." Alena abruptly spoke out.

Her words drew his attention right away. She said, closing her eyes, "No woman wants to share her husband. Believe me, if she could, she would never share you with anybody else. It's only that love has the power to transform everything."

"She adores you and wishes for you to realize your ambition. The same is true for me! At first, I intended to kill other girls in order to obtain you for myself. But I recognize I won't be able to do it. My heart shook so violently that my entire body trembled just thinking about ruining your dream."

"I watched you crying as you held their bodies. I noticed you get enraged after discovering the truth. I noticed you leaving me alone. When you said you would always protect us, our hearts absolutely melted."

"My heart was entirely open to you at that time. And all you had to do was make your move. And you did it. I did, after all, start it. But you did it nonetheless. The same is true for other ladies. Jenny was aware of this. She took advantage of this opportunity to drastically alter your future."

"She shared that video around and quickly provided hundreds of women an opportunity. Even though you didn't make the move, it was from your side. For a little moment, I despised it. I couldn't figure out why she did it. I wanted to murder her. But I quickly learned why."

"I adore you. And so does everyone else here. We love you and respect your dream, yet we still want to steal you for ourselves. I want you to be my king, my emperor, my prince, my love, and my sole possession. I've been saying this nonsense for a long time and even started it, do you know why?"

Mike tilted his head, perplexed when he noticed the rapid change in question.

"Simply put, you made a mistake when we were just getting started. Listen, Mike, I don't care who you prefer or how many ladies you desire. I'll slap you in the face the next time you let a woman dominate you during sex."

"What gives you the right to say that?" Mike glances at her, puzzled, and asks.

"Hush! You want to be known as the God of Sex, don't you?" Alena inquires

"Yep!" Mike shakes his head, but his bewilderment remains.

"So, what is God of Sex? Is it about banging every lady in the universe? Is it about developing sexual strategies to aid your cultivation? Or is it to protect your women?" Just as Mike was about to respond, she said, "All, God of Sex is about all of them."

"Even if I only want you for myself. I will continue to back you up. Because you are my sweetheart. And I'm not going to shatter your dream. But I don't want to see my man being overpowered by a woman during a sexual encounter. I know you're a big softie, Mike. But you can't be the same here."

"When a woman prepares for sex, she expects only pleasure. I was expecting the same thing. But you just contradicted yourself. When you agreed to the request. I was enraged. I requested it because I wanted to know your answer."

"That method is the reason you can provide them with so much pleasure. Mike, I want the same experience. I'd like to have your dick rampaging in my pussy as well. And I expected you to disagree. Because, as you stated, a man does not fuck a lady to satisfy himself, but rather to satisfy her. However, you are not doing the same."

"I know you did it because you respect my decision, your women's decision. But remember, Mike, you're the king. Don't allow a woman's words to mislead you when she expects intense pleasure. They want your dick to penetrate their pussy so deeply that their soul is shaken."

"You respect my decision. You presumably appreciate the decisions of other women as well. However, there is a trade-off between options and pleasure. A girl or a boy will always pick pleasure over anything else. I desired pleasure as well, but your words let me down."

"What makes you believe that infidelity on a wife/husband or brothels exists? Even if she has a husband, a woman will travel to a brothel to get fucked by a prostitute. Why? Because her husband's dick is too small to please her. You've got a dick that could even please a deity. Mike, you're too dense.. If you want to be a true God of Sex, you must first understand and read women."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Three days, huh?" Mike mumbled as he gazed at the ladies sleeping soundly on the bed. His sex session with Alena was a success. However, Olive awoke and they began a new session. But this time he didn't take the Chaotic Path to Harmony.

And the person who benefited the most was none other than Alena. While others remained in the same world, she advanced to the fifth tier of the general realm. It was because of the enormous amount of energy that remained in his semen.

While sitting on his bed, Mike murmured "Status!"

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- General Realm- Second Rank (Sixth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank)

STR: 4217

AGI: 4151

INT: 2392

STM: 2590

DEF: 4208 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Unique Ability- Super Strength (+1650 STR), Super Speed (+1650 AGI), Super Endurance (+1650 DEF)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, and Space God Scripture

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina

Pioneer Ultimate Skill- Anti-Control Spell

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will, Spear Spirit, Blood Will, Blood Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold),

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alena Babbage, and Ava Eliot

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500030

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

A lot of things changed in these three days. First and foremost, his skill shifted dramatically. During these three days, he gathered all of his abilities into a single book known as Scripture. In other words, he produced new moves and placed them in a large book alongside his prior creations.

Second, he obtained two distinct domains. Along with domain skills, Blood Domain and Berserk Domain were added to his abilities. But he also included such abilities into the Scriptures. Of course, their fighting technique did not fit him, so he was forced to invent his own.

Fortunately, after comprehending their knowledge, he had a complete understanding of the domain skill.

Third, he also awakened Blood Will and manifested Blood Spirit as well as Spear Spirit. It turns out Olive was trained with the spear, giving him an opportunity to master it.

Desolate Berserk Scripture- A book containing all of the brute force and berserk domains. He was able to mix these with his fighting style, which demands him to utilize his fists frequently. Several styles, including Meteor Fist, Heavenly Dragon Melody, Kong Gatling, and Berserk Ax, were incorporated.

His new styles were Kong Gatling and Berserk Ax. In Kong Gatling, he uses brute force and berserk power to destroy his opponent with his fist. Berserk Ax can be wielded by either his hand or his leg. He simply needs to practice both to have a blunt edge on his arm and leg that is as sharp as an ax edge.

Lightning King Scripture- Except for the new style known as Lightning World, everything else remains the same. Lightning World was a skill that required him to create a massive ball of lightning while depleting all of his ability energy. Once made, it can last for an entire day or until it is destroyed. A single bolt of lightning from it would be enough to annihilate a soldier.

Energy Manipulation Scripture- Unlike other examples, this was absolutely novel. He learned this from his martial arts training and Tori's knowledge. The styles in this scripture were Energy Restoration and Energy Multiplication.

Energy Restoration enables him to store energy in his cells and use it to replenish his core's energy. Of course, he can't keep the energy stored in his will. To totally store the exact amount of energy, he must follow the specific requirements of this skill.

Energy Multiplication enables him to multiply the current amount of energy with that energy before the original energy runs out. How many times he can multiply is determined by the quality of his altered cells and meridians.

Devouring Blood Scripture- Like Energy Manipulation Scripture, it was a wholly new scripture. He has constructed, or rather comprehended, two new styles, just as he did in past texts. Fist Veins Bursting and Blood Orb.

Punching an opponent while sending blood waves through his body, causing his blood to erupt. The blood explosion would be so violent that his opponent's blood veins would burst and he would die if he did not have strong control or strength.

Blood Orb- This is a skill that should not be used. It causes him to absorb a creature's blood and store it inside an orb that can be generated inside his central core. The Blood Orb enables him to combine the benefits and qualities of many blood types and unite with him.

However, there is one major drawback. The nature of diverse blood types combined together can result in erratic emotions. As a result, his own consciousness will be destroyed in an instant. That body will become a total psychopath once it is taken over by the chaotic emotions.

This is why it is prohibited even among vampires. Mike had no idea he'd be learning this skill while fucking Ava. He now has the opportunity to purge those emotions. But he must wait till he reaches the Commander Realm to do so.

Space God Scripture- Except for the new skill known as a Divine Shift, everything else has remained the same. As long as he knows the spatial coordination of two different things or beings, he can use this new ability to transfer their positions. It's a cross between transfer and teleportation.

However, none of these can compare to what he unlocked after achieving General Realm. Pioneer Body ultimately offered him a single chance to create a divine ability. He had the ability to construct Time-Reversing Skill. He could build a space jail capable of imprisoning the entire universe.

He could even be able to develop something that can quickly destroy anything he wants. But he didn't make any of them. Instead, he devised the Anti-Control Spell. A spell that can be cast on him as well as others. This spell serves only one purpose.

It has the power to demolish anything that tries to dominate the person. Mind control, bodily control, instinct control, blood control, puppeteer control, or even soul control are all possibilities. It makes no difference. This magic can annihilate the control without causing any harm to the person.

It also has the greatest effect against mind control and soul control. If someone tries to manipulate the person's mind or soul, this spell can destroy the mind and soul with little effort on the person's part.

He no longer has an issue with women betraying him. At the very least, he can rely on Alena's statements.

'Your words were accurate. Thorn Princess can be made to submit to you in less than five minutes. In fact, if you fuck her with this level of intensity, she'll beg to be your slave.'

A smirk develops on his lips as he thinks about it. He entered the bathroom and took a bath.

'I really need to change. Shameless, Cruel, and Powerful! I need to be all three of them at the same time. I can currently take on a ninth rank regular general. My next battle, however, will be against the greatest geniuses. With my current strength, there is no way I can compete with them.'

'After this award ceremony, I must prepare for everything. "That" needs to be completed before...… Nah! I don't think I can do it now. Not to mention, I might not need that. I need to save it against those four geniuses.'

'As for the rest, all I need to do is make full use of Version 1.0. I also need to work on my Heaven Lifting Giant Arms. It'll be fine even if I can only practice it until the first position. For the remainder, I shall practice when I have the time.'

'My first and foremost goal is to elevate Lauren to the status of Heavenly Maiden. Then I'll be able to concentrate on Olive. There are two Heavenly Maidens and one Supreme Fairy. Oh, yes! I'm curious if I'll be able to meet her during the restricted dungeon raid.'

'She must be invited since it is a gathering of intellectuals. After all, she couldn't possible hide her gift for the rest of her life.'

Mike had a strong desire to see Scarlet, but he had no idea what type of difficulty he was getting himself into. Nobody has told him about Jenny and Scarlet's crash. As a result, he has no idea.

Scarlet is his former life girlfriend, based on their relationship.

'Whatever! First, I need to practice.' He finished his bath and walked out of the bathroom, shaking his head. He then approached the bed and shook all four of them.

"Wake up! We need to go to an award ceremony."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Are we obliged to accompany you? It's still painful, you know." Tori murmured and massaged her sleepy eyes while she ate.

"Of course you must. This is the prize ceremony. Who knows if you made the top ten?" Mike gave a serious illustration while chewing the steak.

"Let's go! How tired are you guys?" Mike grumbled after a few more meals when he noticed four girls sleeping on the table.

"All fine, I'll give each of you a piggyback ride in each minute if you stay awake." Mike finally sighed and continued to eat meat. More than fifty platters were already on the table. And there were still plenty of them. The food continued to arrive, as the empty plates moved away.

And, Mike kept eating. Only after two hours, he stopped.

"Burp!"

"That was a tasty meal," Mike said with a smile as he rubbed his stomach.

"What the hell do you do with all that food?" They couldn't even detect the presence of meals due to his flat tummy. It's almost as though it vanishes after he eats.

"Of course, I put it in my stomach." Mike gradually realized the meaning of stamina indicator in system metrics after cultivating for a while. That figure was not his stamina, but rather the stamina limit.

That is, at his best, he had 2590 units of stamina stored in his body. After he uses it, his stamina diminishes, and no matter how much he eats, he can't increase his stamina any higher than this figure. And, his stomach really gets bigger.

The space inside his stomach, in particular, expands as his stamina grows. His metabolism also speeds up. Mike had previously intended to enhance his stamina to match his strength after realizing this.

The reason was straightforward. He can't go any further with God of Sex unless he has a lot of stamina. That move requires far too much stamina.

"All right, I'll go first!" As they walked forward, Tori leaped into his back.

The crowd erupted even though they had barely arrived at the arena's gates.

"God of Sex!!!!!" We love you."

"Sex God!!!!" Why haven't you been to see me?"

"Oh, God of Sex! "May I pay you a visit tomorrow?"

"I, too, want to ride you, God of Sex."

His adoring female fans began cheering him as soon as he stepped inside the arena.

"Thank you so much, everyone! Also, please address me as Mike. WE ARE NOT REQUIRED TO BE FORMAL. I AM ALWAYS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR GIRLS." Mike turned to face his fans and shouted, lifting both of his hands.

"Yeahhhhhh!" More than 5,000 girls screamed, their eyes twinkling with joy.

"Tch!" A man walks by them, snorting and seeming irritated. Despite the fact that Mike and his gang were aware of him, they chose to ignore him.

There is no need to return your gaze to the beaten opponent. The Half-Elf was no longer worthy of their attention. However, the people inside the arena, particularly those geniuses like Sword Demon, do.

Despite the fact that Mike is certain to defeat him with his cultivation right now. Unless Sword Demon also rose to the status of second-in-command.

As soon as he entered the inner arena, dozens of girls approached him and began questioning him. Some of the girls were even more daring in their request for a kiss. Mike slapped his brow, unsure what to do.

"Ahem!"

After five minutes, the MC stepped onto the stage and made a noise. It immediately drew everyone's attention, and Mike was given the opportunity to flee.

"Participants, we are having the award presentation today because the event had to be halted owing to an unanticipated incident. Before we begin, I'd want to congratulate everyone present for being a source of pride for the Asian Empire."

"You may have lost against each other, but when compared to millions of other young people your age, you are definitely a genius. Even we were taken aback by this tournament. Since we didn't expect more than 200,000 participation, we were surprised."

"So, I would like everyone who is watching this to clap for these two hundred thousand geniuses of our empire!"

Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!

Everyone in the arena began clapping in response to his words. Despite the fact that barely fifty thousand participants were present in the arena. And the majority of them were seated on the crowd's stage. There were only a few thousand participants on the battleground.

"Even if we have many geniuses, there are always those who rank among them. And this event has provided us with a respectable ranking of the Asian Empire's geniuses. We are pleased to inform you that we have two significant lists for geniuses."

"One based on power! We are not going to announce it, but anyone interested can contact us through our website. Another method is based on points. And this is the tournament's proper rating. The Top Hundred have already been notified of their ranking."

"As a result, I will only reveal the tournament's top ten here. Some of them may surprise you, while others are widely anticipated."

Everyone became enthralled upon hearing his comments, and the entire arena became silent.

"We have Andrew Matt in tenth place. He has 23 points, which is barely half a point more than the eleventh position. Please give him a standing ovation."

Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap! Clap!

"Wait! Me?" Andrew was taken aback when he heard his name. Not only him, but everyone else was taken aback. MC said, "We scored him twenty-three based on his Power, Support, and Uniqueness."

"Power refers to the strength you have in warfare. Support entails assisting your teammates. Finally, uniqueness refers to something you have or something you did that was thought to be impossible."

"Mr. Andrew has gained three Power points. It is much less, but because of his amazing support, he received ten points. And ten points for extraordinary skill in getting into our computer system and overpowering virtual reality."

"Hence, he gets the twenty-three points and secures his place in the top ten."

"Wow!"

Everyone was taken aback when they heard Andrew's explanation. The Sword Demon was taken aback as well. He had no idea Andrew was the one who had hacked into their spaceship.

These many stares made Andrew feel a little uneasy.

"In ninth place, we have our charming Miss. Olive finished with a total of twenty-three and a half points. She received six points for her battle strength and ten points for her distinct Will to die and withdraw mentality in battle. In addition, seven and a half points for support."

"Some people may be perplexed by the concepts of distinctiveness and support. Allow me to clear these two for you! Support does not simply include assisting a colleague in their recovery or devising a strategy. It just implies how useful you are to your teammates."

"As for distinctiveness, that is determined by our judges' perception. You will receive points if your distinctiveness can be seen in their eyes."

"Now, without further ado! Let us begin with our eighth position. Alfred has a total of twenty-four points."

"Ava Eliot is ranked seventh with twenty-four and a half points."

"We have Ares with twenty-five points for sixth place."

"For the fifth spot, we have Max Cena with 26 points."

"For the fourth position, we have Silver King with 27 points."

"We have Thorn Princess with twenty-eight points for third place."

"With twenty-nine points, we have Sword Demon in second place."

"And, ultimately, Mike Tyson takes first place with twenty-nine and a half points."

"Please give our top ten a standing ovation. They are our Empire's greatest geniuses. And we may be confident that the future of our planet is safe in their hands."

"I would like to request that the Emperor grant their reward. Please come up to the stage, top ten!"

Mike had a smirk on his face as he heard his comments. The top ten approached the platform and accepted the gift from the Emperor personally. Mike turned back after getting the award, but MC's voice resonated in his ears. "Mr. Tyson, please be patient! Our audience has a lot of questions for us. Please!"

As he said this, he led Mike to the front of the stage, and the entire audience began cheering for him. The MC adjusted his microphone and stated, "Everyone, it is your day to ask Mr. Tyson any questions you have."

"How did you come up with your God of Sex Version: Zombie Mode, Mr. Tyson?" Did you prepare it ahead of time or in the middle of the tournament? What inspired you to build something so unique?"

Mike's mood darkened rapidly as he heard this inquiry. He was aware that this inquiry was meant to be posed by a Jenny-hired individual. It was also for the advertisement. Mike cleared his throat, smiled brightly, and spoke.

"Actually, this has a pretty interesting backstory. After my first combat, I discovered what made you a genius. As a result, I discovered that I was much inferior to the majority of them. And I was unable to increase my cultivation or anything else."

"As a result, I was in a rage. My childhood friend called me out of nowhere to congratulate me on winning the first battle. She also stated that she had opened a company. As a result, she offered that she assign someone from her company to me."

"She did, in fact, send a female. And that was a long night. Then I understand why she mentioned that girl. My mind was able to come up with a wonderful approach to empower myself as a result of the tremendous pleasure night. This may seem crazy, but if you want to feel wonderful and come up with new ideas, try it. Please take a look at Yin-Yang Harmony Brothel."

"The girls and boys in that brothel will undoubtedly help you relax by providing you with a pleasure session. By utilizing my name, you will receive a fifty percent discount if you visit the Yin-Yang Harmony Brothel today or order a prostitute to your home. However, that is only for today."

"Huh!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wow, Mike! I didn't expect you to be so shameless." Tori's eyes twinkled as she gazed at his face and talked adoringly.

"Are you joking with me?" When he heard her, Mike's cheeks twitched. His face was flushed with embarrassment. They were still out in the open.

"No! I'm quite proud of you. I didn't think you'd have the guts to promote your own business in front of a crowd." Tori shook her head and smiled as she spoke.

"I was simply coerced." Mike clenched his teeth and quickened his speed. He dashed towards the hotel. Olive, Tori, Alena, and Ava laughed as they followed him.

Mike started smacking his cheeks to freshen himself inside the motel. He took a big breath and said, "Let's practice!" after fifteen smacks.

He forgot everything in those few seconds and sat on the bed with his hands folded. Ladies enter the room after a few seconds. The mood shifted in an instant. Olive and Alena were both depressed.

"What happened? Why are you all making such faces?" Mike frowned and inquired when he noticed their expressions.

"Alena and Olive are returning. They are unable to stay with you for the following fourteen days." Ava sighed as she approached Mike.

"Oh! There's nothing to be depressed about. It's not like we'll be apart forever." Despite everything he stated, their expressions remained unchanged. They were overcome with sadness.

"They are disappointed because, unlike Ava and me, they will be unable to enjoy your dick for the next fourteen days." Tori spoke with a sneer. When Alena and Olive heard her comments, they scowled at her and reddened angrily.

"Seriously!" Mike smacked his brow, a dejected frown on his face. Then he turned to Olive and inquired, "Did your father say anything to you?"

"How did you find out?" Olive asked with an astonished expression.

"Well, it makes no difference what he says. Just keep in mind that you still have us. If you don't want to stay, come and find me with your sister." Mike sat on the bed, a solemn expression on his face. But the entire time, he was staring at the ceiling.

Olive was deafeningly quiet for a long time. She approached him carefully and walked over to him. Other girls flocked towards him when they saw this. But, just when they were about to hit rock bottom, they realized they weren't ready to do it yet.

They came to a halt when Olive kissed his lips and walked out of the room.

"I'll be moving in with my sister to your place," Olive stated as she exited the room. When she replied, a smirk came on her face.

"Hey, how about me? Aren't you going to say something to me, too?" When Alena saw Mike simply lying on the bed and saying nothing to her, she yelled.

"No, you're not stupid," Mike responded by carefully closing his eyes.

Bang!

"Humph!" Alena slammed the door shut and walked out.

"At the very least, you should have said something to her," Ava grumbled as she sat on the bed.

"Nah! She already understands what I'm saying." Mike spoke as he shook his head. When he shifted his mind, the Ascending to Godhood game helmet materialized in his hand.

"Are you going to sleep?" When she saw him take out the Ascending to Godhood helmet, Ava frowned.

"I have a project that I need to finish. And, yes, I may be in the game for a few days. So, please don't wake me up." As he says this, Mike puts on his helmet and begins the game. He first appeared near the Guild Hall after entering the game.

He entered the guild and looked over the tasks.

"Hunt Fire Breathing Elephant

Realm- E-Rank High Tier

Reward- 20000 Bronze Coins, D-Rank Weapon Card*1, and 100 Health Potion"

"Hunt Golden Ape

Realm- E-Rank High Tier

Reward- 15000 Bronze Coins, D-Rank Weapon Card, and 200 Health Potion"

When he saw these quests, he immediately took them from the board and walked over to the registration counter. When she saw him, the lady behind the desk smiled. "I haven't seen you in a long time, Sir."

"I was a little preoccupied. By the way, I'd want to take on these responsibilities." Mike assigned her those responsibilities and chatted to her with a beautiful smile.

"Hmm! Sir, may I look at your guild card?" Seeing how difficult the work was, she grimaced and requested for his business card. Mike presented her with his black card, which she returned after validating his realm.

"Hunter- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- General Realm- Second Rank (Sixth Evolution)

EXP- 235/10000 (For level-up)

Wealth- 19300 Bronze Coins

Contribution Points- 50

Inventory- 50 Health Potions, 50 Power Potions, Whirlwind Boots (E-Rank)"

"All right, sir, your assignment has been assigned. Although the time limit is not specified on the assignment specification, we can only give you one month unless the time written on the task is higher." The lady handed him the card and chatted politely to him.

"By the way, where can I locate these monsters? Do they have a precise location?" Mike inquired, holding the black card in his palm.

"Would you mind showing me your Bookmark Map Device?" In a courteous tone, the lady inquired.

Mike nods and pulls out his Bookmark Mad Device. Then she pressed a button on the screen and moved the map around the city of Athens. She moved her cursor to the north and clicked on a certain place. She then moved her cursor to the east and clicked on it.

"These are the two sites where you can discover those beasts, Sir." After marking certain areas, the lady returned the device. Mike had a thorough look at them as well. And then select the option to show the path. Then he turned around and said, "Thank you!"

He then exited the Guild Hall while scanning through the News Section. Except for some lunatic guilds fighting each other, he didn't see any important news. Then he proceeded to the Friends Section and dialed Liora's number.

"Come meet me today in the same room." He dashed towards the north after leaving the message.

Inside Mike's room,

Jenny mumbled as she clutched a golden bullet in her palm, "That stubborn girl truly asked me to construct a bullet. But the question is, why would she be aware of Celestial's existence? Dad claimed the celestials had vanished from the world. Even if we discover them, they will not be the same formidable race."

"Does she have any information concerning their disappearance? He claimed that Celestial vanished for an unclear reason. Even Dad is unaware of it. How could she have known? No! Wait a second! First, how did she learn of Celestial's existence?"

"Then, if she is aware of the presence of heavenly, there is a deadly probability that she is aware of the cause of their departure. Because this is the kind of knowledge that everyone on the planet should be aware of."

"Dad told clearly that celestials had some shady dealings with another mysterious race, which caused them to vanish. But, according to Dad, celestials cannot be murdered. At least not by conventional ways. So, how did she find out about their flaw?"

"How can a bullet made of simple components combined in a complicated way kill a celestial?" Despite the fact that the process was complicated, this bullet cannot harm the soul and has nothing to do with poison. More importantly, she stated that the prohibited zone contains celestial."

"If they exist, my father should have known. Is she telling the truth, or did my father keep something from me? Ughh! This is quite puzzling. How come everyone can't think and perform like Mike?"

Her expression abruptly shifted when Mike yelled.

'No, I must inform him as quickly as possible.' Mike is being pursued by that cretin. If they came face to face, he would undoubtedly kill me. I had no idea my strategy would backfire on me, Mike.' As she said this, she began typing a message on her phone.

At this moment,

Mike dashed towards the north at this point. He was only a few meters away from the designated site.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Suddenly, the ground beneath him started rumbling. When he noticed this, he hurriedly ran to the tree and climbed up. Climbing the tree, he looked around and saw a group of elephants running away from something.

Whoosh!

Ka-cha!

"What is your name?" Suddenly, an arrow flew towards him at breakneck speed. Mike safely avoided the arrow, but as he saw it pierce the tree, his blood ran cold. His eyes drooped. If he was hit by that arrow, he would have fewer opportunities to block it.

He noticed a man atop the tree when he turned around. He was dressed in red and wore a black mask. The man did not respond, instead creating another arrow with his energy and firing it.

"Goddamn it!" Mike jumped to the ground when he realized there was no way to avoid the arrow in the tree. But just as he was about to jump down, a herd of elephants charged towards him.

Bang! Cough!

He didn't even have a chance to flee when an elephant leg slammed into his chest. When he saw this, he frowned and abruptly vanished. At the same time, Mike reappeared on the same tree he had previously climbed.

However, blood was oozing from his mouth at the time.

"Goddamn it! Who was that guy?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Damn! "Who the hell was that dude?" Mike clenched his fist in annoyance. The opponent's onslaught caught him off guard. That appeared out of nowhere.

'But he wasn't a strong person. He seemed to have come to murder me. But he had no idea that I was in General Realm. But that is also a good thing. He may have sensed me teleporting away from those elephants if he was strong enough.'

'Then again, what scared those elephants?' They appear to be fleeing from something. Should I look into it?' He considered this and glanced at the location where the elephants had fled. He couldn't see much from the tree, so he decided to wander nearby.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

'Oh sh*t! Another wave This time, I need to conceal. Wait a minute, I also have a quest to finish.' Mike was immediately sucked into the tangle. He tilts his head and stands in the same position for a time, thinking. Mike had a smirk on his face as the elephants approached in front of his eyes.

He picks up a stone from the ground and throws it at the remaining elephant.

"Snap!"

Mike vanishes in front of the elephants and reappears a few meters behind them. He could easily teleport five hundred meters away with his current strength.

"Divine Shift!"

However, the stone does not strike the elephant and instead falls hundreds of meters behind it. He initiates Divine Shift in an instant, and the stone gets replaced by that elephant.

"Divine Shift!" "Snap!"

He picks up another stone and employs the heavenly shift. But it is only after he uses it that the elephant realizes the trick. It immediately lifts its feet and stomps on the ground.

Bang!

The ground's shockwave caused Mike to dodge as the ground underneath him cracked. But then the elephant's body turns pallid and it flees.

"Damn! No way, I'm letting you go." Mike clenched his teeth and dashed up Storm Steps towards the elephant. He has no idea what frightened the elephant. But this elephant had already been removed from the rest of its herd.

Except for the red markings on its body, the Fire Breathing Elephant has the same skin as a conventional elephant. Mike snaps his finger and appears above it as soon as he enters range.

"Lightning King Scripture- Brute Lightning Punch!"

Boom!

His fist smacked into the elephant's body. But, precisely as the lightning struck its body, the elephant raises its trunk and unleashes a torrent of fire.

"Snap!"

Despite the fact that he teleported away in time, his body was burnt by the flames. The golden smile emerged in his hand in an instant. He understood that his fist attack on the elephant was ineffective. Because the elephant has a powerful body, he cannot simply counteract it with physical strength.

Not to mention that this elephant was six ranks above him.

'It appears that I will need to use that as well.' Mike went into Zombie Mode right away. He was trying something new this time. His physical power increases fivefold in an instant, however, he loses five years of his life.

Power at the expense of one's life! Nobody would be insane enough to attempt it. Especially when you have the option of fleeing. Mike, on the other hand, was in a different scenario. He can live for a thousand years. So he doesn't have to be concerned.

And, by utilizing the lifespan, he can improve the condition of damaged cells. He can increase his total strength by improving the strength of damaged cells. Despite the fact that it has no effect.

Whoosh!

Mike vanishes with the snap and reappears behind the elephant. He discovered the elephant tail on top. He smirks as he pulls his spear back and bangs it into the elephant's butthole.

"Pawoooooo!"

Elephant growled in rage as he felt the spear tip deep inside his butthole. The red blood flowed from the spear as he drew it fast. His spear suddenly releases an extra golden hand and slaps his hand.

When Mike received that strike, he laughed. He clearly knew that slime was instructing him not to shove it inside an elephant buttock.

"Pawoooo!"

Flames burst from the red spots in the elephant's body. The elephant transformed into a terrifying creature coated in red flames in an instant.

"Slaughter Spirit!" "Fighting Spirit!" "Spear Spirit!" "Blood Spirit!"

Four distinct yellow spirits explode from him. These ghosts engulfed his arms and groped for the head of the spear. Each spirit overlapping but could not combine. He still hasn't figured out how to combine them. Nonetheless, four spirits were enough to boost his strength.

At the same instant, a circle of blue energy emanated from his body. The entire circle was filled with miniature lightning bolts in an instant.

"Lightning Domain!"

"Pwaooo!" Bang! Bang! Bang!

The elephant was also struck by the massive surge of lightning in the area. It looked at Mike and rushed towards him, leaving a ring of flames around its trunk.

Mike tightly grips the spear and turns it. The spear gradually summons lightning bolts from the lightning domain. The lightning bolts combined with his spear in an instant, forming a thick covering of lightning at its point.

"Domain Skill- Lightning Eagle Drilling Beak"

He employed the domain expertise to unfold the Lightning King Scripture. The spear moved forward like a drill, but it was engulfed in lightning. At the same time, the elephant raised its trunk and smacked it into the spear.

Bang!

Lightning bolts flashed around the spear and collides with the flames. Mike continued to rotate his spear as the four spirits sparkled with lightning.

Boom!

The lightning, which was encased in four spirits, shattered the flame and detonated on its trunk. At the same time, the spear took advantage of its opportunity and moved straight. The pointed tip punctured the skin and drilled all the way inside the elephant's body.

"Pawooooo!"

The Fire Breathing Elephant cried out and struggled, flailing its broken trunk.

Snap!

Mike teleported himself above the elephant in an instant. The spear in his hand retreated, and brute force emerged from it. His strength surged to almost 6,000 in an instant. The next thing you realize, the furious elephant is being dragged down by incredible gravity.

Splash! Crash!

Mike thrusts his spear forward, piercing the skill. Half of the spear pierced the elephant this time. The power of brute force was unstoppable. Gravity immediately drew the elephant to the ground. It wept a few times before ultimately collapsing.

Snap!

Mike teleports in front of the elephant with the snap of his finger. The four spirits and Zombie Mode were turned off. If he continues to utilize those, his body will begin to wear out. He still needs to investigate the location where the elephants fled.

Slowly, the elephant's corpse vanishes, and a crystal appears in its place. It floated exactly where the elephant was. Mike took the gem and added it to his collection. This would be evidence of his success.

After a brief moment of thought, he dashed in that way.

At the same time,

In the City of Elves,

Beautiful and gorgeous elves can be seen wandering around everywhere the eyes follow. In the city of elves, there were dozens of buildings as well as dozens of trees.

A young man sat on the golden chair in the towering building on the city's northern outskirts. He was surrounded by a slew of lovely ladies. The young man was really attractive in his ancient-looking attire. He was the Elves' Prince.

Unlike humans, his ears were long, and his face was extremely white. Every aspect of his face was shaped by a god's love. And the girls around him were as stunning. The majority of them had a diversity of hair and eye colors.

Some were blue, some were black, and some were even green. One of them possessed gold. Someone knocked on his door when he was kissing the golden-haired beauty.

"Come on in!" When he spoke, his voice was extraordinarily gentle and full of affection.

"Prince, the mission has been finished. Mike Tyson is no longer alive." A man dressed in crimson with a black mask enters the room and speaks.

"Are you sure? So, why is this equipment still displaying his life sign?" Elf Prince pulled out a device with a screen. A blue dot was going towards the red zone on the screen.

"Please accept my apologies, Prince! I noticed him falling below the horde of E-Rank High-Tier Elephants. So I returned without confirming his death. Give me one more chance! This time, I'll bring back his head." The man in red was taken aback when he learned that Mike was still alive. After all, he witnessed Mike being trampled by an elephant.

"Is this guy a moron?" Elf Prince inquired, turning his attention to the golden-haired beauty.

Hearing those statements, the face beneath the black mask became unappealing. But he didn't say anything. The golden-haired beauty realized that Elf Prince wasn't referring to the man in red, but rather to Mike. She scowled as she noticed the blue dot was reaching the red zone.

Elf Prince turned to face the man in red and remarked, "Mike is nearing the red zone. I'm not sure if he's an idiot or simply brave. But I need you to wait outside the red zone for him for a week. Kill him if he comes out. In exchange for a favor, I borrowed this tracking device from that Bloody Demon. This blue dot on the device must vanish within a week."

"Sir, yes!" The man dressed in red yelled and rushed away.

"Are you envious?" The golden-haired beauty laughed as she leaned in close to him.

"Am I?" As he says this, the Elf Prince places his hand on her breast and his kisses on hers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What is going on in the world?" Mike stood in the center of the desolate landscape and yelled at the sky. He couldn't see anything out of the ordinary around him. But something tells him that this is a really special spot.

A group of elephants won't just go jogging in the middle of the hot day.

"What is going on in the world?" Mike stood in the center of the desolate landscape and yelled at the sky. He couldn't see anything out of the ordinary around him. But something tells him that this is a really special spot.

'Could it be that the elephants were running a marathon?  However, they were definitely terrified of something. Perhaps they were afraid of losing the marathon. I mean, if there was a punishment like riding a horse with one leg if you lost.'

'But wait, is there a horse that can carry an elephant?  Maybe losing elephants should let winners fuck them in front of their wives/husbands? But, I don't believe elephants are so intelligent.'

'Then what in the world frightened them?' Mike sat down on the ground, folding his hands and thinking hard. He peered around but saw nothing. Nothing! There wasn't even a single scrap of grass.

'Perhaps they fled because this location is desolate. However, there is no reason to sprint in that manner. Maybe they'd been starving for a long time. But why didn't they eat the grass while we were in the forest? And that area was thought to be home to the Fire Breathing Elephant.'

'Why would they travel this far? Maybe they were strolling about here when someone took their genitals, forcing them to flee. That could be why the elephant became so enraged when I jammed the spear down his butthole.'

'Gosh! What in the world am I thinking? I need to discover out why the elephants fled.'

The environment altered just as he thought of that. He could feel a chill in the air around him.

'Wait a minute, what happened? Why am I getting frightened?'

Kwaaa!

Suddenly, a man appeared from the earth. He was an elderly man with bandages wrapped over his torso. When Mike noticed this, he approached the old man and shoved him beneath the dirt. He said as he pressed the old man's head.

"! God bless Buddha! Buddha Bless God!  Take my pure soul, King of Death, Ruler of Hell, as a medium to bring this old man's soul with many wounds into reincarnation!"

"Wait a minute, Brat! I'm a zombie. Don't you see?"

As he shoved Mike's hand and came out, the elderly man's bandages twitched.

"Kroarr!"

Bang!

"Just pretend you're an old man with numerous wounds!" Mike smacked his head with his hand and yelled.

"I...'ammm a zombie....." The zombie old guy collapsed after seeing several stars on his head.

'Shit! This is a zombie headquarters. Wait a second! Is there even a headquarters for a zombie? Which fucker let his zombie go wild in the middle of the deserted place?'

When he observed hundreds of zombies rising around him, Mike asked him.

'Damn you! Let's fight!' Mike tightened his fist and turned to face him.

'Or not!'

Snap! Snap! Snap! Snap! Snap! Snap! Snap! Snap! Snap!

Mike appeared dozens of kilometers away in less than five seconds.

A zombie in golden armor stood in the center of the vacant area at the time. He turned around and yelled, "Which imbecile summoned me and fled?"

Mike was already fleeing at this point. His pupils constricted. He noticed the masked figure standing there with his bow and arrow. A huge roar rang in his ears just as he was about to stop.

"Which imbecile summoned me and then fled?"

'Holy sh*t!'

"Goddamn it! "Get out!" Mike immediately panicked out and raced away, unconcerned about the masked man. When the masked man notices Mike approaching, he draws his bow and arrow and prepares to shoot him.

Snap!

Bang! Thud!

Mike immediately enters Normal Zombie Mode and coats his hand in four spirits. Blue Brutal Essence combines with his hand, lights gushing out of the back of his arm as brute force condensed on his fist.

Mike vanishes from his position and reappears in front of the man's eyes just before the man fires his arrow. When he sees Mike, all he can see is a fist in front of his eyes.

Thud! Bang!

Mike slammed his fist into the man's face and shoved him to the ground. Not just that, but bury his head in the ground as well.

Snap!

Mike teleports five hundred meters away, balances himself, and begins running away without looking back. But then he comes to a halt and decides to sit on the ground.

'Wait a second! That guy was still at the peak of general realm, right? So, why did I flee?'

Mike's face flushes as he thinks further, then he abruptly turns back and then thinks.

'No way!  I don't have time to fight them. I need to complete the quest and meet with her. In regards to this location, I should return when I reach the peak of General Realm. For the time being, I can only concentrate on one thing at a time. My current objective is to finish the third monthly quest.'

Mike nods and gets to his feet. Then he pulls out the Bookmark Device and discovers the red circle.

'Wait, wasn't that the same spot I went earlier? The color red denotes danger. Fuck you! I'm sorry, but I'm not gay. But'

Mike had a downcast expression on his face. He would not have gone there if he had merely looked at the map. He regrets being a moron.

'All right, let's wrap up the second mission.' Finally, he dashes towards Golden Ape's location.

Running took him thirty minutes to get there. After arriving at this location, he examined the surroundings and looked up at the tall trees.

'The monkey lives in the trees. The guardian monkeys are apes. Despite their differences, both are monkeys. Two monkeys, one tree; two trees, one ape.'

"Roar!"

His heart skipped a beat when he noticed a golden ape on the tree.

"Kowaukkwak!"

When he saw Mike, the golden ape began roaring and making strange poses. Mike did the same thing when he saw the golden monkey.

"Kowaujjwak!"

"Hahahaha!"

A blast of laughter came from Mike's mouth when he understood what he was doing. He had no idea he could act like an ape.

"Hah! I suddenly don't want to murder you. Unfortunately, I must. So, my apologies!" Mike let out a sigh and snapped his finger. It leaped on its forelimb and connected his two feet just as he came behind the ape.

Bang!

The golden ape pushed his toes on Mike with incredible force. It was not only fast, but it was also quite strong. Mike deflected the attack with his forearms.

Bang! Thud!

However, the strength of the attack caused him to soar across dozens of trees until he collided with a large tree. Mike coughed up blood as he collapsed to the ground.

'Damn! This ape is powerful.'

Thud!

The ape suddenly materialized in front of him, making odd motions and roaring.

"Kowaukkwak!"

"What exactly are you saying?" Mike became perplexed when he noticed that the golden ape was not quite ready to fight, or was fighting in a different manner.

Mike was pointed out by the golden ape.

"Me"

The golden ape directed his finger at himself.

"You"

The golden ape slams his fists into each other.

"Fight!"

The golden ape drew an invisible circle with his finger in the air. Then he shook his head and crossed his arm.

"Hmm! You mean not teleportation like that?"

The golden ape gave a nod of approval. He gestured towards Mike before raising both arms to show off his biceps. He then repeated his invisible circle signal and performed a yellow leap.

"You mean I'm physically strong?  You want to go head-to-head with me. But you don't want me to use my other abilities."

The golden ape smiles and nods.

Mike is deep in thought when he giggles and snaps his finger. "All right, I'll agree to that. But only if you place a wager. You realize I'm capable of killing you if I use everything I've got, right?"

The golden monkey folds his hand, pouts, and nods his head.

"All fine, I'll just use brute force. But we need to place a wager. If you win, I will not hunt you down and release you. But if I win, you'll have to be my pet."

The golden ape shook his head and scratched his skull. But, before Mike could respond, the golden ape sent out further signals.

He directs his finger at himself. He swings his hands together to form a body. He then formed a heart with his hand. Then he points his finger towards Mike, then at the ground. Then he raises both hands, pronouncing himself the winner. Then, using his fingers, he makes the walking signs.

He then creates a body with his hands once more. Then he collapses on one leg, holding a flower in his palm. Then, with his two fingers, he forms a hole and inserts his middle finger into it. Then he points to Mike and looks at him with devotion in his eyes, making the hands like a baby.

Mike stares at his hand signals, stunned, and adds, "You want me to lose in a brawl.  So you may impress your love and fuck her. And, if I accept your request you will become my younger brother."

The golden monkey nods his head mechanically, his puppy eyes twinkling.

Mike slaps him on the back of the head and raises his middle finger.

"Fuck You!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bang!

Mike and the golden ape punched each other in the face in mid-air. As they felt the searing pain, the punch's effect crawled through their bodies.

thud! thud! thud! thud

When they both let go of the water, they landed hard on the ground. At the end of the day, Mike agreed to a brawl if both of them gave it their all. Throughout the battle, Mike was continually at a disadvantage.

While Mike's combat style was punching, the golden ape employed a variety of body attacks on various parts of his body.

'Hu! Hu! hu!  Damn! This ape is tough. We both have the same degree of strength, but he keeps changing his attack style and fooling me. I  could have easily won if I had used even a portion of my space power. However, a promise is a promise.'

'I lost the hand-to-hand combat to him.' Mike eventually accepts his defeat while smiling.

"Hahaha! Golden ape, you've won! I didn't expect to lose hand-to-hand fighting to a golden monkey. It appears!" Mike busts out laughing and slowly rises. He continues to sit on his buttocks. "It appears that I need to strengthen my close combat abilities!"

Mike noticed his fighting style was rather crude throughout this battle. He does not use his body flexibly, other than striking and kicking. There aren't many styles of punching or kicking. It's as easy as a straight punch and a round or back kick.

His punches and kicks were easily blocked while fighting the ape. And because he didn't know how to use his body effectively in close combat, he was beaten in every way possible by the golden ape.

"Hey, because you agreed to be my little brother, you have to come with me." Mike stopped the golden monkey, who was posing in various styles, with a few words.

The golden ape made puppy eyes at him and tried to entice him to comply with his request.

"No, means, no!" You said you'd come with me in a month. I'll give you a month to celebrate with your girlfriend. After that, you must accompany me. Of course, if you still can't get away from her, you might ask her to accompany you." Mike had a solemn expression on his face.

His system will be upgraded in a month. At the very least, if it doesn't fail. The pet space will then be opened. Golden Slime is now inhabiting the system space as the spear. This is the distinguishing trait of the golden smile.

When it transforms into something, it entirely transforms into that thing. It doesn't need to breathe, eat, or do anything since it's a spear. As such, it can exist within the system space. It occasionally transforms into a band and lives on his hand.

However, Mike is currently considering allowing it to remain as the band rather than allowing it to remain within the system area.

Golden Ape, regretfully, pouts and turns away from Mike. When Mike notices this rebellious side, he chuckles and says, "All right, I'll go.  I still have a quest to finish. I'm sorry, but I have to kill one of your people."

After a few minutes, the golden monkey begins to move his hand in varied patterns, while Mike continues to whisper his meaning.

"Another race hunted your father and mother. And was your mum pregnant at the time? So, when your parents were on the verge of death, they were rescued by a human?"

The golden ape progresses as he learns more.

"Oh! So, your parents rescued a person in the past, and he was returning the favor?"

The golden monkey continues with a nod of his head.

"And that human nourished you until you reached the age of twelve?"

The golden monkey continues with a nod of his head.

"And then he abruptly left you all alone and never returned. But, because of what he did, you never begin a fight with a human.

The golden ape nodded and continued.

"Oh! It's not that you don't fight; rather, you've been hiding for a long time. And you come out merely to impress an ape female this time?"

The golden monkey continues with a nod of his head.

"Did you come out to challenge because you sense a ferocious spirit from me? So you truly predicted that I'd agree to a brawl? But how did you figure it out? I mean, you appear to be quite intelligent. You wouldn't believe the nonsense that all humans are decent, would you?"

The golden ape nodded and continued.

"Uh-huh! Wait, What do you mean I have the same savage smell as the one who rescued you? What is his name? How does he appear?" Mike immediately remembered his master. Because only his master and he have the ability to utilize brute force.

But it couldn't be a coincidence, can it?

The golden ape became aroused and offered signs as well. With a broad smile on his face, he assumed the posture of a large man. Then he demonstrated a couple of movements as well.

"It's no surprise that those moves reminded me of someone I know. You were honing the same skill that my master was. Wait a second! "How old are you these days?" Mike was immediately perplexed when he sought to identify his master with the guy who had saved the golden monkey.

The golden monkey displayed ten fingers, then closed them and displayed four fingers again.

"Are you only fourteen?" Mike was speechless as he stared at him.

'How come I lost to a four years junior?' Fuck! Is it true that I'm so ineffective? How can I possibly defend my wives if I keep losing to someone younger than me?' Mike's spirit vanished in an instant.

'No, no, no! Monsters have a natural advantage in terms of strength. I've only been cultivating for two months. I shouldn't be comparing myself to him. Wait a second! How did a fourteen-year-old monster get to the E-Rank? Don't tell me he's a hidden gem with more talent than Jerry and Gabriel.'

'Perhaps that's why Master saved him. Everything couldn't be a coincidence, can it?' Mike scowled as he searched for more information about the Golden Ape.

"Seriously, did master give you some secret technique that allowed you to raise your cultivation that quickly?" Mike came to the conclusion that he had reached the limit of his reasoning skills and inquired.

The golden ape gave a nod. He assumed the lotus position and shook his head denying that he doesn't cultivate like that. Then he stood up and shifted to his right side, hanging both of his hands as if catching a woman's waist and began swinging his hips.

Pat!

"Are you fucking serious? "How the heck does a fourteen-year-old child knows about fucking girls?" Mike slapped his own forehead and yelled when he witnessed the golden ape act.

The golden ape stopped doing this and started making other signals. He formed a rectangle with his hands, then assumed the sex position again, before pointing at his eyes, then at the rectangle formed by his eyes, and lastly tapping his mind.

"So you're telling me that my master taught you how to fuck a female monkey on PornHub? You've got to be kidding me. I'm curious how you managed to achieve General Realm at the age of fourteen. Don't tell me you fucked your aunts while your uncles went hunting?" Mike shouted as he slapped his own face again.

The golden ape made a shaky motion with his head. Then he lifted his entire fingers four times.

"At the very least, leave me something where I can be your big brother. You've left me with nothing except my age. Your cultivation is superior to mine. Your brute fighting style outperforms mine. And you've fucked up more girls than I have? "

"How on earth did you fuck forty ape girls? I began having sex two months ago. And I've only fucked eight." Mike's face falls to the ground as he loses the desire to live. He never imagined he'd lose to an ape. And, more importantly, this monkey was supposed to be his younger sibling in age.

But then he tightened his fist and yelled, "I am not going to let you win.  I'm going to fuck all of the girls who hired me. I'm going to track down that sex-loving succubus race and fuck every single lady in it."

"I'm not going to lose to an ape, especially since he's my younger brother."

Mike spits the phantom flames from his eyes as he looks at the golden ape and says, "Mark my promise, little brother, I am going to fuck more chicks than you within fifteen days."

"Also, instead of strolling naked, please wear shorts. I don't want to be reminded of your towering golden rod every time we discuss sex.. Even if you are unable to control the erection, you should wear shorts."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bang! Pow! Boom! Bang! Pow! Bang!

Suddenly, two figures leaped into the air and began striking each other. Mike was one of them, and the other was a golden ape. Mike ducked his head and rammed his fist into the jaw of the golden monkey. Then he turned around and smashed a kick to the skull.

The golden monkey, on the other hand, was a colossus. It absorbed all of his strikes but did not move. Instead, when the golden ape saw a chance, it raised its fists and banged on his shoulder. He developed tremendous strength and precision with the edge of his hand.

Bang!

When Mike realizes he's about to fall, he straightens his leg and kicks the ape in the jaw.

Thud! Thud!

Mike lands on his feet, only to discover that his legs have been buried deep in the ground. He unleashes lightning bolts all around him, shattering the ground. He notices the golden ape falling a few meters away after he is freed.

Snap!

Zzzzzz! Bang!

Mike vanishes and reappears behind the golden ape with the snap of his finger. It was a little disoriented after the hard landing, so it didn't notice Mike. Mike infuses his palm with blue brutal essence and four spirits before launching a punch at its back.

Splash!

However, he does not stop there. When the golden ape's face collides with the earth, he pulls out his spear. The four spirits converge and merge with the spear. As he shoved his spear on the back of its spear, the point shined brightly with the ray of sun falling on it.

"Hu! Hu! Hu!"

After slaying, the golden ape, his Zombie Mode, and four spirits fade away. He examines the gem and places it in his inventory as he walks away. But then his stomach growled.

"Goddamn it! I'm hungry." Mike, who couldn't take the hunger any longer, used his bookmark map device to transport himself in front of the guild. Instead of getting there, he entered one of the hotels.

After half an hour,

"Get out this instance. Because of you, we don't have any food left." Mike was booted out of the hotel after only half of his stomach had been filled. Finally, he makes his way to the guild. The lady behind the desk greeted him as he entered the guild.

"Hello, Sir, did you finish the quests?" Despite her skepticism, she knew the person in front of her had finished the Hell-Level Difficulty.

"These are the crystals I obtained from them." Mike removed two crystals from his pocket and presented them to the lady.

"Sir, please wait!" As she said this, she began confirming those crystals. After two minutes, she took out two pouches, two cards, and a box of potions.

Mike places his prize in his inventory and walks away. A figure appears in front of him as he walks out. He was a young man, and he was joined by a young female.

"Mr. Tyson, may we talk?" The young man asked with a cheeky smile.

"Who are you?" Mike came to a halt and inquired.

"Hello, my name is Chris. Tina is my name. We'd like to discuss the forthcoming dungeon raid with you." As he extended his hand, Chris introduced himself. Tina, who was standing behind him, also extended her hand.

"Hello! Mike Tyson is my name. Would you like to spend your valuable time for a cup of coffee if it is possible?" Mike immediately ignores Chris and excitedly shakes Tina's hand, inviting her to coffee.

"Hehe! Mr. Mike is exactly as rumor has it." Tina laughed as she drew her hand. But she had no idea why she was getting hotter by the second.

"I'm not sure what the rumors are, but for a lady, I'm simply an ordinary knight." Mike unexpectedly knelt on one knee and held her hand in a romantic posture.

"Aww! Don't say anything like that! In our opinion, you resemble a knight clad in golden armor." Tina giggled as she crouched down, making a lovely look.

"Really?" Mike was taken aback when he heard that and inquired excitedly.

"N.O.W.A.Y" Tina's mood abruptly altered and she uttered each syllable in front of his face.

"For a split second, I believed I was very famous." Mike groaned and spoke with a downcast gaze.

"There's no need to be sad! Even if they don't think of you as a hero in shining armor. They still regard you as a knight in shining armor." Tina laughed as she rose to her feet.

"You might have said silver. You practically cut and removed the middle section." Mike slapped himself across the face and muttered.

"Ahem! It would be fantastic if you two could stop flirting. We need to talk about something very important." Chris spoke with a strange tone. He expected Mike to act this way. At the very least, he is aware of the rumors.

But he didn't anticipate Tine to be so ferocious. He certainly knew Tina, which is why he was powerless to deal with her.

"Hmm! Even if I'd like to talk to a lady, I'm still a little busy. If possible, we can talk about it right now." Mike spoke as he became impatient to see his new goodies and also bang Liora. She had already checked into the motel. He knew he couldn't keep her waiting for too long.

"All well, then. I'd like to invite you to join me in a raid on one of the prohibited dungeons. If you are unfamiliar with the forbidden dungeon. Then allow me..." Mike abruptly halted Chris's comments as he spoke with a solemn expression.

"I'm in.  I may or may not have already joined the raid group though."

"Huh! You were already aware." Chris was doubtful of what he was saying.

"Yep! Don't be concerned. Even if I am not present, please add me. By the way, I'm not sure how much I can progress in the cultivation realm." Mike didn't strive to expose his cultivation, and it was difficult to look at it when he tried to hide it.

"Well, it doesn't really matter. It's fine as long as you can access the General Realm. Not to mention that we are already aware of your cultivation rate. If you keep it up, you might surprise us once more." Chris smiled as he shook his head and explained.

"All well, then, I'll leave for the time being." Mike nods and walks right by him. However, before leaving, he turns around and throws a piece of paper at Tine, saying "That's my personal number. Call me if you are free."

Mike returned his gaze, a cold smirk on his lips. He wasn't fooling around. It was a tremendous feeling when he sought to feel her cultivation. He couldn't tell her specific cultivation, but it was more than the fifth rank.

Chris, on the other hand, wasn't any lower. They were both above fifth rank and extremely powerful. He could sense the inhibition to his aura when he sought to feel their aura while cultivating. That happens only when a highly strong person with cultivation inside your range stands in front of you.

More importantly, Mike has encountered the aura of the Sword Demon. He has even encountered his own master's aura. He is aware of how powerful their auras are. However, these individuals exuded a certain vibe.

"This is going to be incredible. But, before the war, I need to get 'that' ready." Mike hurried towards the hotel, whispering. When he discovered the people who were stronger than Sword Demon, his heart screamed with joy.

He is unsure whether he possesses the same strength as the Sword Demon in the same cultivation realm. However, he now requires a more formidable opponent. He has finally finished the third monthly quest.

"Monthly Quest 3- Earn 50000 Bronze Coins (54300/50000)- Completed

Reward- Unique Talent Evolution, 200 System Points, 200 Stats Points, Free Skill Card*1, and Gene Modification Fluid*1"

"Claire, increase stamina by two stat points. Also, prepare the Gene Modification Fluid." Mike spoke as he entered the motel. But, as soon as he enters the room, a figure falls into his grasp and yells.

"You've finally arrived, Master. I had been waiting for so long."

Mike could see the passion in her eyes right now as if she was begging for it.

'She was meant to be the sex slave, after all.' I'm unable to stop it. I simply hope that others do not follow in her footsteps.' Mike sighed as he muttered in his heart at her sight. She was dressed in a thin, transparent cloth. He was able to see the thread lingerie she was wearing.

It was dark and blood-red. Though he sighed at her appearance, he became ecstatic when he noticed her garments. He shuts the door and places his hand on her jiggling ass. She, on the other hand, had a pretty large ass. And he really enjoys it.

"M—-assss -----Master!" She whispered while letting out her tongue, feeling his hand on her ass.

"Hmm!" Mike kissed her passionately as he willingly embraced her. At the same time, he tightened his grip on her and proceeded towards the bed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Because he is higher above her, he immediately begins dominating her with a hard kiss. Their tongues moved out like serpents, catching each other so hard that their saliva merged. His hands were still buried beneath her ass at this point.

He was completely taken aback by her progress. Her ass was soft and bouncy, and it had grown so large that his palm could only cover half of it. Not only her ass but also her boobs. They were also larger.

As he felt her tongue dance within his mouth, he realized how much she had grown. Although he enjoys women falling in love with him, he only does so until he totally seduces her. Following that, he expects her to perform better and not act like a slut.

But every time he sees his girls like that, his expectations are shattered. But he also can't blame them. He recognizes the power of his own dick. And it's unrivaled. That is why he understands how to properly control it.

Nonetheless, he enjoys Liora's growth. He was hoping to fondle some delicious ass, and now he had the opportunity. They finally pushed forward after five minutes of saliva-sucking kissing as he shifted her above him.

He moves his head to her lower body as she moves her head to his lower body. He moved the thread that was covering her pussy entrance and stuck out his tongue. At the same time, she takes off his pants and underpants, exposing his thirteen-inch supreme rod.

A satisfied smile develops on her face when she sees it. She covers his dick with her fingers while slowly extending and moving her tongue to the tip. As she slowly opens her mouth and breathes deeply, an intoxicating odor floods her nose.

"Hmmmm! Ma—sster, you are so good."

When Mike rolls his tongue around her pussy outer area, she cringes and moans, wrapping her legs around his head. He slides farther into her pussy as he hears her moan. He continues to move deeper while swirling his tongue about her interior.

At the same time, her tongue wraps itself tightly around his dick, with half of it entering her mouth. She begins to move her head after a few seconds of being motionless. She moves her mouth faster from top to bottom while rolling her tongue in the same position.

"Liora, you are soooo gooddd." Mike couldn't help but feel a rush of pleasure at her blowout. It was on Sunny's level. She was going in and out with her tongue rolled around his dick. Her tongue alone was making him feel incredible, and now it was backed up by the continual movement of her mouth.

"Master, goooo deeper!" Liora cries lustfully as she buries his face beneath her pussy. His tongue is drawn deep into her womb by her motion. Even though it didn't entirely hit her, it made her squirm.

Splash!

Splash!

She only felt the overwhelming desire for sex when she squirted at his face. But after she realized she'd squirted in his face, she turned around and began licking his face, licking her own come. Mike, on the other hand, quickly captures her lips and pushes his tongue inside, giving her another passionate kiss.

Simultaneously, he takes the dick in his hand and slowly enters her pussy. His dick was still too huge for her, no matter how hard she trained. When it pierced deep into her womb, it almost brought her to tears.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

He grabs her ass and slams her pussy down. His dick crosses the canal and proceeds right to the end. While her body flaps on its own, he felt a little guilty for not utilizing her body to its full potential.

Then he gets up, puts her in the doggy position, and hammers his little dragon in and out of her. Her hips crash into his body at this point, making an addictive sound. He raised his hand and slapped her hips at the same moment.

PA!

"Ahhhh! Masterrrrrr!"

PA!

"hit me harder! Master, pound me harder!" When she felt a powerful slap on her ass, she finally succeed in fulfilling's her goal. And, also the reason to grow her ass big.

PA! PA! PA! PA! PA!

How could he say no when he heard her pleading? He smirked and continued to slap her ass while driving his dick deep into her pussy. She came a long way after rubbing into her pussy for ten minutes. But he wasn't happy. As a result, the next few hours became the most exhausting but also enjoyable of her life.

...….

After three hours,

Mike sat on the bed, and Liora sat next to him. She was already drowsy, her eyes closed. She didn't even have the energy to keep going. More importantly, Mike was already preoccupied with another task.

A panel in front of him was opened.

"A new type of talent has emerged! Your Chaos Body has fully established itself. Do you want to layout the chaos body?"

'Claire, what's the deal with this?' I realize that unique talent is chaos body, but what do you mean by designing the chaos body?' Mike seemed perplexed as he requested Claire to go over his thoughts.

"It essentially means creating your own chaos body. Don't be so impatient and wait for the panels to finish." In his imagination, Claire sighed as three more panels appeared in front of him.

"Physique- Chaos Overlord Body

Level- Unknown

Description- A body that can break heaven and earth with its raw strength. Turning the body into a wild beast, making your arms like the claws of the dragons and hands of the giant.

Effect 1- It enhances physical strength.

Effect 2- Improving cultivation improves physical strength.

Effect 3- Stamina will be immensely improved."

"Physique- Chaos Sword Body

Description- A sword unsheathes from the body. Chaos creates a sword, and the end of the world will come. Sword strong enough to break nine heavens, a body strong enough to hold it.

Effect 1: It improves the Host's Sword talent.

Effect 2: It enhances physical strength.

Effect 3: It will increase sword cultivation while increasing normal cultivation."

"Physique- Chaos Essence Body

Description- Nine daos, nine essences, combined together to form chaos. Nine is ethereal and the chaos is endless. A body that holds the essence as deep as an ocean that can never be dried.

Effect 1: It increases the ability energy amount.

Effect 2: Increases the chances to comprehend nine daos.

Effect 3: It enhances physical strength."

'Woah! Are you serious? So I have to choose between these three?' Mike stares at the panels, stunned, and shouts in his heart. In fact, after witnessing their impact, he wants all three.

"Yes, you must select one of them. And this decision is critical because it will influence your future path. Chaos Overlord Body can create physical might strong enough to rip heaven and earth apart. Chaos Sword Body will elevate you to the position of sword lord. Even Sword Demon will beg for sword expertise in front of you."

"As for the Chaos Essence Body, if you can have it, then your ability energy may never be depleted. In any event, you will become stronger regardless of the path you take." Claire calmly explains it to him in his thinking.

'So, what do you think? You must have an idea for me, don't you?' Mike smirked and inquired about his opinions.

"Chaos Overlord Body will make you extremely powerful. You, on the other hand, have Brute Force. It is already fortifying you. You can reap the rewards of your brute force once it enters the domain of the god's talent. More significantly, regardless of which chaos body you select, your physical strength will improve."

"Chaos Essence Body will make your ability energy inextinguishable. This means you might never have to worry about running out of gas. And, even if you have to fight for a long time, you can still do it without any worries. It also improves your cultivation over nine daos."

"But, you have everything you need. I mean you have God Slaughtering Essence. It might not be something that can instantly suppress Chaos Essence like snapping your fingers. But, it still provides you enough advantage to surpass Chaos Essence in the long run."

"If I only talk about talent, I may state that the guy who invented this technique is more talented than my father and even other top-tier gods. That man is a monster. In truth, this appears to be a little crazy, yet he devised this method to exterminate his own race."

"As a result, you almost have nothing to be concerned about in terms of essence. That is why I believe Chaos Sword Body is the greatest choice for you. Even if you've never used a sword before, you can quickly become a swordmaster after inheriting this body. The sword will not only maintain your essence immensely, but it will also strengthen your body."

"However, it is still up to you. Wait a minute! You didn't even bother to listen to what I had to say, did you? Urgh! I can't believe I wasted so many words just so you could pick your body at random."

Mike vanished from the room as she whispered those words in his head.

:::::::::::

Check out my new novel: Tower Ascension

It really needs your support, so vote for the book with lots of Powerstones.

Add it to your library and enjoy the tower ride.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey! "What am I doing here?" Mike murmured as he took in his surroundings. But all he could see was an unending galaxy. Cosmos, yes!

Mike was currently drifting in space, surrounded by sparkling stars stretched over the horizon. He could see star clusters wherever his gaze moved. After a little pause, he saw that the space around him was trembling slightly.

And there's more! And it only got worse from there. Mike was being squeezed by something he couldn't see as the space began to shake violently. Mike began to bleed as a result of the intense pressure.

Countless stars turned to dust at this point. The universe spilled the dust of innumerable stars into his body while his eyes were closed and his body was bleeding. A loud voice sounded in his head at this very instant.

"Child! It's finally time for you to shine. You, the Omega's heir, will rise like a dragon. I'll create your chaos body with the help of the universe. This universe will be your guide."

"It contains Omega's secret. You'll remember my remarks and consider the secrets after you wake up. That is why, rather of wasting time, I will give you a heads-up on your impending powers and enemies."

"Once you have control of the universe, Deviant will hunt you down. While they are the ones who defy the heavens, you are the one who was formed by its ancestor. Your power is the deviant's nourishment. So, if you ever come across them, simply flee."

"You don't have to be a courageous warrior to confront them if you can't defeat them. Simply flee and return when you are powerful enough to defeat. There is no need to be bold or battle when the cosmos is truly on your side."

"As for your power, as I already stated, your body actually owns the universe. You cannot, however, activate it on your own. You must use your Pioneer Body's abilities to create a miniature universe inside your body after it has been awakened. Do you recall when I told you to run away and come back later?"

"I said that because you could practically contain the entire universe within your body. So you have no concern about losing your people. Simply keep them within your body, travel to a forbidden and dangerous location where others will not dare to pursue you, and improve."

"As for why you should go to those areas, I'll explain later. You, on the other hand, are a person who should not die until you become a pioneer. So, I assume heaven isn't going to let you die. Also, keep in mind that your Chaos Body has been prepared to become an Overlord."

"Your physical body is the source of your strength. However, do not rely solely on Chaos Body. Remember that it also improves your physical cultivation ability. So, do everything in your power to increase your physical strength."

"In fact, if you have the opportunity, you should develop a technique that will allow you to improve your physical strength eternally. Your chaotic body has been set out. I wanted to talk to you, but you can't speak with me till you reach the Void."

"So, hurry up and become the Void Immortal so we can speak." I'm completely bored."

Mike's body floated in a cosmos as the voice faded away. There were fewer stars, planets, and light sources. Mike vanished from the cosmos and collapsed on the floor of his room.

.........…..

Next Day,

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- General Realm- Second Rank (Sixth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank)

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-1)

STR: 6500

AGI: 6500

INT: 4500

STM: 7500

DEF: 6500 (Additional DEF- Iron Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+2000 STR), Super Speed (+2000 AGI), Super Endurance (+2000 DEF)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (1-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (1-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will, Spear Spirit, Blood Will, Blood Spirit, Chaos Will, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold),

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alena Babbage, and Ava Eliot

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500036

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

"That's a fucking op!" Mike mumbled as he examined his status panel. "I was taken to an unfamiliar space," he mumbled as he lay on the bed. A strong pressure nearly killed me. Someone created the Chaos Overlord Body by sacrificing the entire universe."

"Along with his words, I remembered his strange voice in my head. And why is that guy revealing everything while I'm so frail? Why isn't anyone playing the part of the script? Why do so many people want to be so twisted? Or am I simply a moron?"

"For the time being, I should utterly disregard the terms 'Deviant' and 'Omega.' I'm not sure which reality has these two abilities. But I'm not going to annoy them until I'm strong enough. So, as he just mentioned, I'm going to hide and develop my power."

"However, this did provide me with a significant lift. With so much stamina, I'm sure I can use version two, but I don't have much control over it. That's terrible! I planned on using it during the raid. But I'm scared I'll end up killing them if I don't keep it under control."

"I suppose I'll be able to utilize it on that restricted dungeon after this upcoming raid is through. I'm sure I'll have a sense of the difficulties I'll be in inside a forbidden dungeon."

Mike sighed and rose to his feet. When he turned to the right, he saw a large plate full of meat and other things.

"I guess I'll be able to cultivate with peace of mind for the following five days." Then I got to go out in real life and fuck those females while cultivating. Liora's cultivation has only progressed to the eighth stage of the soldier realm. She won't be much help, even with her A-List talent."

"Fortunately, I followed Jenny's instructions, and she appears to be pleased. She also became a lovely little sex slave. I could certainly buy a large plot of property in the local area with her money. I'll build up the guild when I finish this raid."

"Because I've already instructed her. All I have to do now is concentrate on my cultivation. By the way, how come I didn't gain any EXP from slaying those monsters? Shouldn't I have gained something? Or did they simply overlook it? Whatever the case may be, I need to concentrate. Right? First and foremost, I must eat." Mike rushed up to the food and began munching it.

Different types of monsters were sliced into various sizes and shapes to make various cuisines. Some were huge but roasted, while others were small but fried. Some were created in conjunction with soup. Each dish was unique in its own way.

Mike, on the other hand, is unconcerned about any of these. He only wanted to eat more food. And, indeed, he does. He continues to eat as if there is no tomorrow. The entire dish, weighing about ten kilograms, was consumed in less than an hour.

"Let's go! That didn't even cover half of my stomach." Mike yelled in displeasure when he felt a strong sense of hunger. He went out for more food since he had no other option. He finally filled his stomach after eating and being tossed out of five hotels.

He calls Alena as soon as he enters the room.

"Hey! I was hoping you wouldn't call." His phone rings with Alena's sexy voice. But he wasn't in the right frame of mind to feel it.

"How much does a dungeon cost?" Mike explained his purpose for calling her, entirely ignoring her sexual mood.

"Hmm! Why are you looking to purchase a dungeon? Even if you want to purchase them. Even a little dungeon will set you back more than fifty billion. "Are you sure you want to spend all that money on a dungeon?" Alena sensed the intensity in his voice and responded promptly.

"I'm going to buy it. Can you ask Tori for $25 billion? I'll send you twenty billion dollars. I urgently require a dungeon. In addition, I shall be deeply cultivating inside Ascending to Godhood for five days. Contact Jenny after purchasing a dungeon and request that she bring my female fans into the dungeon."

"They don't have to go deep. Simply roam the outside and look for edible monsters. This time, I could require a lot of food, and I don't want to be tossed out of the hotel again."

"You scumbag! Are you serious about buying a dungeon solely for the food?" When she heard his comments, she raised her middle finger as is her custom and inquired.

"Duh! This is a life-or-death situation. Do you want to read the headline that states, "The God of Sex died of starvation"?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ughhh! Come on, let's go! Just because you have wealthy girlfriends does not imply that you should spend your money like water." Alena yelled, her face filled with rage. Mike, on the other hand, abruptly terminates the call, expecting her to complete her task.

"How dare he end the conversation when I'm still talking to him? Is he under the impression that Tori's family grows money in their trees? Or did he simply forget about the concept of a billion? He might be making billions by banging on girls. Others are not the same. Urgh! "What am I even complaining about?" She calls Tori because she has no other option.

"What happened? "What caused you to call me?" Tori inquires, knowing that Alena does not call people at random

"It's all due to him. He wants you to give him $25 billion to buy the dungeon." Alena spoke in a hushed tone.

"TWENTY-FIVE BILLION DOLLARS? You've got to be kidding me. Is he under the impression that money grows on trees?" Tori roared like a crazed gorilla as she heard her words, terrifying Ava who was standing near her.

"That is exactly what I asked him. However, he disconnects the call. He claims that if he does not have enough food to eat after five days, he will starve. He will die of starvation. I know it doesn't make sense to feed the dungeon monsters."

"But that blasted sex monster has fucked us for three days in a row. I suppose I can't blame him because he needs to replenish his ridiculous stamina. He also discussed his next mode with me. So I freaked out when I discovered how much endurance he requires to use that mode."

"However, you are aware that our adversaries will only get more powerful in the future. As a result, we must provide him with all of the assistance we can. If he can use that mode in a future battle, that will be a tremendous plus for us. Tori, we don't have an option. We have to assist him right now." Alena, powerless, spoke in a tearful tone. She was fatigued simply hearing his request, and she needed to sleep right now.

"Arghhh! That sex demon! If I don't force him to fuck me alone for three days and nights the next time, I won't be named Tori." Tori hangs up the phone in irritation, yet she still transfers $25 billion to Alena's account.

She instantly buys the cheapest fifty-billion-dollar dungeon and contacts Jenny after receiving the money from both. She wasn't really familiar with Jenny, so her tone was formal. Jenny finally puts down her phone and walks out of her room after discussing the dungeon with her.

She was staying in an underground house built for scientific purposes by the Babbage Family. She walks out of her room and directly moves to a secret lap. Her gaze was drawn to two words inscribed on the door as she stood in front of it.

"Project God"

She enters the room after the door opens with a retinal scan. The area was packed with people, a big tube filled with liquid and bodies, and a plethora of equipment. There were only a few people, and they were all average people.

When the door opens, and Alena walks in, their eyes instantly shifted at her as they made a bow and said: "Welcome, Miss!"

Alena nods and makes her way to the center. Three people with white hair and an elderly appearance stood in front of the enormous test tube, checking the data on their screen.

"Her heartbeat is becoming more stable. We appear to have completed the second stage." One of them exhaled a sigh of relief. Others nodded in response to his comments, and Alena was finally noticed. They also bowed but said nothing.

"Has the final stage been completed?" Alena spoke as she stared at the massive test tube in front of her. A female was floating in the liquid inside the test tube. Her body appears to be in poor condition, with most of her bodily parts crumbling or damaged.

Her chest, one leg, and head were the only things that remained. Her heartbeat had previously been exceedingly sluggish. It was now beating at a normal human rate. However, it appears absurd that a person could live in such conditions.

Her kidneys, along with a portion of her liver and other organs, were all destroyed.

"Indeed, Miss! We had already planned the three parts of this project before we began. Now that the second stage is finished, we may move on to the third. Do you want to begin the third stage right away?" One of them spoke with a solemn look on his face.

"Yes, let's get started right away. We don't have time on our side. To become a god, I must absorb her bloodline." Alena smirked as she approached the test tube. She softly stroked it and looked up, muttering, "You were dead." I brought you back from the dead."

"Now you must repay that kindness by donating your talent to me. I know this is a little harsh on you, especially because you will lose your skill to me. But I'm also giving you a chance to live your life. You will be able to live normally once your body has been entirely remodeled."

Then she walks over to the empty test tube beside her. When she opened it, she turned to face the three scientists and said, "Restrict the lab totally. Nobody is permitted to intervene. It will be my ascension to godhood for the following twenty days."

Three of them smiled as they nodded in response to her words. They immediately ordered everyone to leave the room. The oxygen mask covers Alena's face as she moves inside the test tube. A weird liquid suddenly covers the test tube. Simultaneously, a few syringes emerge from the sides and pierce her blood veins.

At this moment, the heartbeat that was regulating blood from the other girl slowly transferred to Alena.

"Blood Pressure- Stable"

"Genetic Modification- Ongoing"

"Blood fusion- Ongoing"

"Body Temperature- Stable"

"Body Reaction- Stable"

After they have confirmed everything, one of them walks carefully towards the test tube. When he turns around, the other two smirk. That man removes a little test tube and attaches it to the larger test tube.

Following the connection, red blood flows from the test tube and slowly into her body. A blue flame appeared behind them at this time, but it quickly dissipated after hearing their remarks.

"Hahaha! As I previously stated, a child will always be a child. Is she really expecting us to treat her like a god?" One of them burst out laughing, causing the others to laugh as well.

"You are correct. We could have taken that blood, but we're not sure how it would have affected us. It's best for her to give it a shot. She intends to establish a society that will be descended from her blood." Another said something with a wicked grin on his face.

"Well, her planning was correct. If she succeeds, she will obtain blood that will genuinely assist her in the creation of a whole society. When you pass the blood to someone else, they will inherit a portion of your talent. And that is all that is required to join the Divine World."

"And, as she grows stronger, her bloodline will become more potent. And as her bloodline becomes more powerful, more people will be able to ascend to higher realms. It's similar to being a family's backbone. When she falls, everyone else falls. Everyone succeeds when she succeeds." The man standing near the test tube spoke out.

"Hah! We can become the master behind the scenes as long as we can control her. We can extract a large portion of her blood and give her an outrageous lifespan." Another man intervened.

"However, are you certain the results were correct? I mean, it's still hard to believe that someone with a lifetime of fifty million years doesn't cultivate. When you have the strength of a Saint at the age of eighteen, the cultivation truly doesn't matter. What kind of race has a human-like body structure yet god-like strength due to lack of cultivation?" One of them said anything.

"Well, there's no need to ruminate on these realities. Once the Charm Snake Blood has merged with her bloodline and corrupted her brain, she will entirely listen to us thanks to the genetic mutation we performed on that blood. I only hope we didn't make a mistake with the genetic modification." Another one of them spoke.

"I'm hoping not. After all, this is our first attempt at deleting their ancestor's inherited will and programming genetic behavior to the point where our codes have entirely replaced its ancestor's will." As they talked to each other, there was a tiny tension in the room.

While they were freely conversing, they were oblivious to a man hidden behind the equipment and wearing an invisibility cloak.

::::::::::::::

Readers, I really hope you will check out my new book.

It's called 'Tower Ascension'.. It really needs your support.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the Xavier Family,

"Misunderstanding? Do you consider this a misunderstanding?" Olive asked in front of her father and sister.

"Sis, dad called you just now!" Olive's twin sister yelled from the other room.

"I'm busy!" Olive was taking a shower inside a bathroom when she heard her sister's commotion. Despite the fact that her twin sister continued to bother her, she drowned herself in the shower while smiling brightly.

The frost on her face was gradually dissipating. She stepped out and changed her clothes after taking a shower. She then proceeded to the living room, where her father and sister were waiting.

"Take a seat!" Emperor Lewis spoke with a stern expression on his face as he looked at her. Olive took a seat right away, while Sera remained standing. Emperor Lewis's countenance gradually changed as he sighed and said, "Today, I want to share something with you."

"This may be difficult for you to accept, but I want you to understand."

As he said this, he turned his head to look at Sera. When she saw her father signal, she understood and began undressing. Many cuts and whipping marks could be observed on her body when she undressed. Olive clenched her fist and sneaked a look at her father with a bitter face when she saw the scars.

Emperor Lewis could only sigh when he saw the expression on his daughter's face. But then Sera did something that was difficult to witness. She started tearing her own skin. Olive stood up to try to stop her, but when she discovered the skin was fully synthetic, she was startled.

"Sera was never subjected to torture. As I previously stated, neither of you is qualified to be the Xavier family's heir. That implies you don't have to go through any of the training that an heir is required to go through. All I did was compel you to finish in the top ten."

"There is a testing place for an Ancient Phoenix inside the Divine Grade tomb. They are well-known for having the most powerful healing abilities. Although you lack your sister's regeneration ability, you could still inherit the Ancient Phoenix lineage to compensate for the regeneration intrinsic ability."

"You may also bring back other inheritance to aid your sister. That was my intention. After all, S-Rank is a family's treasure. However, you were unwilling to practice. You couldn't make the top 10 if you didn't practice."

"So, I had no choice except to notify your sister about the plan and collaborate to force you to train. I hope you will forgive me for putting you through all of that confusion?" With a somber expression on her face, Emperor Lewis stepped up and spoke.

"Misunderstanding? Do you consider that a misunderstanding?" Olive asked in front of her father and sister.

"Sister, it was all a ruse. Father never tortured anyone. We were simply attempting to motivate you for the cultivation." Sera spoke while clinging to Olive's arm, leaving a gorgeous smile.

Slap!

"For my own sake? Do you believe I'm a masochist? Do you think I'd like to be injured in my heart and cry every night until my eyes turn red? Do you think I enjoy practicing until my body gives out? Do you believe it's a waste of time for me to take pain relievers every night?"

"Are you saying that everything I did was for naught? DO YOU KNOW HOW HURT I WAS WHEN THIS MONSTER TORTURED YOU RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME?" The entire room became silent when Olive yelled in front of Sera, tears streaming down her cheeks, pointing her finger at her father and calling him a monster.

A woman sat on the ground in the room next to the living room, her arms about her legs. Her eyes were filled with nothing but tears. She had warned Lewis several times not to do this. But he was deafeningly deafening And now she despises Lewis while also pitying him.

It stings no matter how cold-hearted you are when your own daughter calls you a monster without regard for your feelings.

Sera was still perplexed by the slap that reverberated across her cheeks. Her sister was everything to her throughout her life. Olive did everything for Sera. As a result, Sera adores her sister more than anyone else. But no matter how much you love someone, if you can't figure out what's going on in their heart, your love will be meaningless.

"Do you realize how much anguish you've caused me, monster? Every single day, I condemned you to death, and now you're telling me that you did it for me. You've lived longer than I have. You've encountered every situation."

"Don't you realize that actions speak for themselves?" Do you think those icy words will soothe my rage? In my heart, you were and always will be the cold, cruel monster. That will never change in a billion years." Olive's tears did not stop flowing as she yelled at her father.

She seemed to be releasing all she had been holding in for a long time. She immediately exited the house after saying that. The lady in the next room came running after her, shouting, "Olive, where are you going? Please return! We can work it out."

"Never! Kill me now, but I'll never return to this house." As she went away, Olive yelled. While walking on the ground, she wasn't even wearing her slippers.

There weren't many individuals in the neighborhood. However, some bodyguards were perplexed by the situation.

"Why are you still standing there? Go find her and bring her back! What do you think she'll do? She's just speaking in a heated moment?" The woman returned to the home, grabbed Lewis' collar, and yanked him out.

But she was stopped when she felt a touch on her shoulder. When she turned around, she noticed Sera. She was taken aback when she saw Sera's expression. Sera's eyes were welling up with tears.

"I've never been hit by Sis. She has always forgiven me, no matter what I have done. I was mistaken. I should have recognized her. She is in a lot of pain. She's not coming back."

"THAT BEING SAID, WHERE DO YOU THINK SHE CAN GO? SHE KNOWS NOTHING ABOUT THE WORLD?" At this point, the woman grasped Sera's shoulder and yelled, tears streaming down her cheeks. She is sorry. Her heart has been broken as a result of one decision.

Lewis would have stopped if she hadn't stopped her. If only she'd told Olive about it. If only she hadn't given birth to a t......

"Sniff! Sniff! I should never have left my daughter in your care. She is in a terrible predicament, and I am not there to help her. I should never have urged you to give her a second opportunity. It's entirely my fault. It's all due to me. Sniff, sniff, sniff!"

Olive's mother knelt down, wrapped her arms around her daughter's legs, and sobbed.

Olive was walking aimlessly along the street at the time. Her house was on the outskirts of a metropolis. The house, on the other hand, was quite huge. She had been strolling for ten minutes and had yet to reach the main metropolis.

Tap!

A figure loomed suddenly behind her. With her absent-mindedness, Olive didn't even notice the person. She only turned her head when the figure pushed her white hands over her head, saw a small girl standing behind her, and spoke.

"I can't believe that moron could comprehend other people's emotions so well. He was correct. You appear to have let go of all the fury that had been building up inside of you. Has your rage subsided?"

"If it was before, it could have happened. But that is no longer the case." Olive recognized the young lady standing behind her. She had done some research on the girl. After all, she was Mike's favorite girl, which these four girls are well aware of.

Flora, Jenny! She waited for Olive after hearing Mike's words.

Jenny wrapped her hand around her shoulder and murmured,

"Let's go! Welcome to your new home!"

Olive's heart shook for a second when she heard those words. She immediately embraced Jenny and began crying on her shoulder. Home, indeed! It's a safe haven. However, it does not always have to be a location where your parents reside.

It could be your uncle's house or a room that you have rented. We adore our parents, and they adore us in return. This, however, does not apply to everyone. Olive was left out. She left a tough existence because her father disregarded her.

Even after gaining her father's attention, she continued to lead a hard life. And now, even the one she cared the most was playing with her. Even if it was done for her benefit, it hurts, and it hurts so much that she can't forgive her sister this time.

And only one person could sense her presence. Even though he wasn't present, it felt fantastic to hear her addressed as his family. Jenny patted her shoulder and looked up into the sky, thinking,

'Mike, you're getting closer to your objective. You've added another member to your family. And don't be concerned about her. She is shattered.. So I will continue to help her till she can mend her own heart.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the Elf City,

Bang!

"What exactly do you mean? How could a soldier of the thirteenth rank defeat a general of the third rank? He was a trained general, not your average trash. How can you expect me to believe something so ridiculous?" Elf Prince catches another elf in the air and slams him into the wall without ever touching him.

His hand's energy was similar to spatial energy, although it was incredibly hazy.

The elf coughed up blood and said, "Prince, his body was discovered on the ground, with his head buried on it. Someone must have knocked him out with a single blow. He might not be the genuine culprit, but we haven't located the real culprit yet."

"Humph! Then go look for him!" Elf prince let go of the man's grip, and he fell to the ground. Hearing his remarks, the man nods and gets to his feet.

Just as he turned his head to depart, Elf Prince says, "Don't look for the culprit! Rather, send people to kill him."

The man comes to a halt and nods.

At this moment,

Mike dashed to the same location where his younger brother lived. Initially intending to rehearse in the hotel room, he soon understood that this is also a real-world for virtual people. As a result, he can't practice gravity within the room.

After that, he went in search of his younger brother and settled between two trees. He knelt down and spread his legs, gradually lowering himself. His knees came out in two separate directions as he lifted both hands to the left and right.

He releases his gravity domain the instant he reaches this place. When the gravity domain impacts his surroundings, he reduces the space covered by the gravity domain and allows gravity to affect himself.

Except for that first time and practice time, he doesn't let the gravity affect him. So, when he stays in this position, he starts increasing the effect of gravity.

Ten Times!

That was a prerequisite for his practice. He knew it would be difficult, but he didn't anticipate it to be this difficult. His knees almost gave out when he let go of such heaviness. But this time, his endurance, as well as his stamina, has greatly improved.

To perform the Heaven Lifting Giant Arm, he had to stay in this position for five days. And it wasn't easy, especially when gravity was attempting to pull him to his knees all the while.

Mike was careless with his practice, not realizing the entire army was on his tail.

A troop of 10 elves wearing red clothing and black mask came at him from about fifty thousand meters away.

They traveled fifty thousand meters in a few hours by utilizing the fast movement of the wind. When they arrived at his location, they used the navigating device to establish that the guy in front of them was none other than Mike Tyson.

One of them looks at the other and nods, followed by the others. That elf pulls out a knife and rushes at Mike. But when he got closer to him, he realized something was wrong. They could see Mike training, but they had no idea he was releasing ten times gravity on himself.

Putong!

When he got within five meters of Mike, his body collided with the ground. The force of the hit nearly fractured his jaw. He barely turned his head and exclaimed, "Everyyyy-one, use the arrows"

They instantly took out their bows and arrows when they noticed his condition. The wind and fire flowered together in their arrows as they sped towards Mike in an instant.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!

However, the dark purple cloaked them in darkness. Those arrows were shattered in half by piercing purple energy. Inside the darkness, a creature growled. A massive dragon with grey scales stood in front of the elves.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

"Darkness Domain- Sword Finger!"

The dragon raised its claw as those words echoed throughout the darkroom. As its claw fell to the ground, the finger on its claw fired dozens of pointed purple arcs, slicing those elves in half.

Splash!

As the darkness fades, a person emerges, wielding a sword. After slaying the elves, her attention was drawn to the elf who had become entangled in Mike's gravity effect.

"Hush! How could he be so rash? I wouldn't be here if I hadn't learned about Elf Prince's movements. Isn't it possible for him to return home and train?"

She walks into his realm as she speaks. When the pressure tries to pull her down, a rush of icy energy bursts forth from her. Everything was mixed in her energy: killing intent, the slaughter will, nasty ideas, blood spirit.

It instantly relieved the pressure of gravity as she approached the elf. When he notices her approaching, he tries to make a move. But, all of a sudden, a purple glow coats her weapon and is embedded into it.

Splash!

"Evil Phantom Sword- Rapid Kill"

She emerges behind the elf in an instant. Her speed was nearly as fast as Mike's teleportation.

Dark Phantom Sword's enhanced form was Evil Phantom Sword. She has invented a new and strong technique by combining her bloodline power as a source of energy with her innate talent and sword expertise.

Rapid Kill- This is a brutal technique. When she uses it, the attack is so quick that she won't have an inch of control over her own blade. That means she can only use it against her opponents in tournaments and practice matches.

"Let's go! Even if you want to train, you should pick a better location." Jenny grumbled when she sensed Mike's undivided attention. However, as she went closer to him, she noticed something.

'Did he get any stronger?' I mean, it's evident that he'll get stronger. His cultivation, however, is still at the second level. So, how is he going to increase his physical strength by this much?'

Jenny stood in front of him for a long time, but she couldn't see anything noteworthy. She finally sighed and removed a chip from her dimensional ring.

'This can alert me if Mike is ever in danger.' I've already connected the Five Elements Planet to my neuro-chip. So I can simply enter the Divine Fire Continent whenever and wherever I wish.'

However, her fist quickly relaxes and a grin forms on her lips. 'However, I can't blame him. Was it that kind of sex? Or was his ferocious behavior motivated by a desire to protect me? Whatever the case may be, I have genuinely fallen in love with him. This, I suppose, is my incentive to continue assisting him.'

Her body slowly fades away in front of Mike, just as she had predicted. But he didn't seem to notice anything. She was the one who took the corpses away. After she returns, she appears unexpectedly inside an airship.

"Where have you gone? "How come I couldn't locate you?" When she returned to her seat, a footstep stopped in front of her, and Olive inquired, her expression concerned.

"Are you really concerned about me?" Jenny laughed as she tilted her head to look at Olive.

"No, I wasn't." Olive's face went bright crimson as she disagreed with anger in her eyes.

"All right, all right!  Something critical has happened! I had no choice but to depart. Don't worry, I won't abandon you, especially when you move into your new home." Jenny comforted her by patting her on the back and pulling her to a seat.

"Home?" Olive grumbled as the airship approached the Ethen State.

After a half-hour wait, Olive and Jenny exit the airship that has landed at the airport. They were picked up by a vehicle.

They arrived at Mike's house after another 10 minutes. The home was the same as it had always been. Nothing appears to have changed, save that the surroundings were exceedingly clean and lovely.

Click!

Jenny unlocks the front door and enters the home with Olive, saying, "Mom, we've arrived.  Your new and young daughter-in-law has arrived."

Olive's face flushed with shame when she heard her statements. Jenny had just uttered something that she couldn't believe.

"Oh! You've finally arrived!" A young lady in her thirties runs out of the kitchen and sprints towards Olive and Jenny. When she sees the few faces, she becomes ecstatic and rushes to embrace her.

"So, we now have a new sister." Another young girl smiles as she goes out of the room. She wasn't as ecstatic as Elizabeth, but she was happy.

"Hello! My name is Lauren. You can refer to me as your elder sister." Lauren approached her and greeted herself cordially. At the same time, a young man steps out of another room, his face expressionless. He comes up to her and nods as he introduces himself, "Hi! My name is Lucas."

Before she could respond, Lucas turned around and went back to his room. Olive's heart is feeling something completely different right now.. When she felt another woman's chest against her, although it was extremely warm, a few tears came from her eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Fourteen Days Later,

"Mhmmm! Mike, you are fantastic." Mike climbed over a lady in the bed. As Mike's little dragon gently approached her cave they were both nude. At the same time, he extends his neck and presses his lips on hers.

Her body trembles as a result of the drunken kiss. Her tongue slipped out of her lips and into his, delivering a delicious delicacy. Mike savors her tongue as he rampages his tiny dragon within her cave.

As he quickened his pace, her legs stiffened, even more, making it harder for him to get within her. Mike, on the other hand, was not about to back down; he continued hammering her pussy with the same tempo but ten times more pleasure.

He receives greater pleasure as her pussy contracts. And there's no way he'd let it go so simply. Unlike Sunny or Liora, this girl did everything instinctively. And that was most likely related to her race.

Alice! On his fourteenth day of training, he was fucking Alice. As soon as she goes down on all fours, he begins the Chaotic Path to Harmony and Yin-Yang Enlightenment. The yang sperm gathered on his balls while the yin juice followed out of her pussy.

"Ahhhhhh! Mikeee, what is this?" Her entire spirit was jolted as she felt that hit. His tiny dragon made it to the end of the cave and pushed it back. Her eyes almost burst out from the intense pleasure she was experiencing.

"This is Heaven for you. Now all you have to do is play in it!" Mike grabbed her waist and began slamming her hips. The chaotic energy emitted by yin and yang permeated throughout their bodies. Simultaneously, huge amounts of knowledge reach their minds.

With so much knowledge, Mike slipped into a state of enlightenment as he tried to consume it all. Alice, on the other hand, was unconcerned. She was preoccupied with playing in her own heaven.

The intense sex lasted seven hours until she finally fell do down. After his enlightenment was severed, Mike looked a little pissed but he sighed and just focused on his own status.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- General Realm- Seventh Rank (Sixth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank)

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-1)

STR: 11000

AGI: 9000

INT: 7000

STM: 11000

DEF: 11000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+4500 STR), Super Speed (+4500 AGI), Super Endurance (+4500 DEF)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture and Chaos Scripture

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will, Spear Spirit, Blood Will, Blood Spirit, Chaos Will, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold),

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alena Babbage, Alice, Ava Eliot and 13 others

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, 66 HP, 48 PP, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'Damn! In fourteen days, I could only grasp a few moves of Chaos Scripture. On the other side, my strength increased dramatically. I'm sure I can overcome everyone in the General Realm if they're not geniuses like Chris and Tina.'

'If I want to defeat them, I need to improve my cultivation. While I am improving at this rate, I believe there are many others who are faster. During this raid, I need to learn those talents quickly. Isn't fighting the finest way to improve?'

'I have to make the most of it. But, for the time being, I shouldn't think about it too much.' As a result, he got out of bed and took a bath. He then changed into a black tracksuit and a black hoodie. He approached Alice and jabbed her in the face.

"Dear Alice, I must depart." When she heard those words, Alice quickly opened her eyes, and the laziness vanished.

"Wait a minute, where are you going? Don't you want to spend the day with me?" Alice spoke with teary eyes and a charming expression on her face. He wouldn't have been able to tell her apart from any other person if he hadn't known her identity.

"Sweetie, we can spend not only one day but a whole journey inside the Divine Grade Tomb together. Don't you recall? But for the time being, I must depart. Tomorrow is the first day of the raid. I have to go home." Mike grinned, fondling her hair as he knelt and kissed her on the cheeks.

"Humph! You promised to spend a day with me, and now you're going to breach your promise." Alice sat on the bed, crossed her legs, and pouted.

"Hehe! You're mistaken, sweetheart. I merely stated that I would spend the night with you. And, didn't I spend the night before? It is now time for me to depart. While you're gone, do me a favor and encourage that guy to train hard, or else I'll beat him and kick his ass." Mike laughed as he stood up and approached the door.

"You know he'd go insane if I told him what you've just said." When Alice spoke, her lovely face lit up with a smile. Mike, on the other hand, merely shook his head.

Alice was terribly conflicted at the time. She began a relationship with Mike. Her friends are well aware of this. What's more, she's of a whole different race. Mike's progress was so rapid that she was taken aback.

In fact, she has a slightly lower level of cultivation than he does. When they first met, her education was far superior to his, but the tables have now turned. And Mike was correct. Jerry will be surpassed by Mike very soon if he does not take this seriously and improves.

Jenny was entirely the cause. He wouldn't have acquired so many women to fuck if she hadn't started the website harem. And, without the help of so many ladies, his cultivation would not have progressed as far. He was the second rank fourteen days ago.

And he's already risen to eighth place. Of course, there's another issue. He's already spent more than a hundred billion dollars on dark energy crystals. That money, of course, was not his. Rather, it's the money he gets from his ladies.

But that was still a lot of money. Jenny says they need to get their hands on a mine. And it's for this reason that they formed a guild. Because that is the quickest way to receive a contribution from the cosmos. Once they have accumulated enough contributions, they will be able to begin exploring the universe in pursuit of the Dark Energy Mine.

After all, other humans have stolen the majority of the dark energy mined in the ground. Of course, it's not as if there aren't any unexplored dark energy mines on the planet. But it's a lot of fun to explore the universe while continuously on the lookout for dark energy mines.

That's the kind of adventure he was searching for. Now all he has to do is finish this raid, form a suitable guild, increase the guild's power along with his own, and earn contribution. However, this will take some time. Especially when one of the Divine Fire Continent's powerhouses, 'Elf City,' has already targeted you.

He wasn't quite ready yet. At the very least, he can't take on the likes of Blood Demon King and Elf Prince. Blood Demon King has a golden-level spirit, according to Jenny's intel. And Elf Prince's strength is comparable to his.

Despite the fact that Elf Prince lacks spirits, he can summon the power of the earth or the universe with the snap of his finger. If Mike had to guess, the half-Fire elf's Dragon could be enhanced a hundred times by Elf Prince.

That is the power possessed by the top geniuses, who can strike down the majority of the universe's geniuses. Unlike Sword Demon, Elf Prince, Blood Demon King, Jerry, and Gabriel are the universe's top-level geniuses.

'Hush! During this raid, I must exercise extreme caution. Although I've gotten tremendously strong, others are equally so. Fortunately, Heaven Lifting Giant Arm provided me with a significant boost.' Mike sighed as he stood on the hotel's roof, bemoaning his unlucky fate.

He was just trying to pick up adversaries a few days ago, but now he's getting enemies from everywhere. He entered the airship that was waiting for him. This blimp is powered by artificial intelligence. As a result, he had to say, "To my home!"

A map was displayed on the screen near the pilot's seat in an instant. A blue line was drawn from his current state to the Ethen State, notably his house. His airship finally lifted with the thrusters firing an immense impact.

Whoosh!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Finally, I'm home!" Mike stepped out of the vehicle and into the gate, sighing. He unlocks the door and exclaims, "Welcome Home!"

Jenny, Lauren, Olive, Sunny, and his mother all yelled as he walked inside the home. For a brief moment, Mike was struck by lightning. He just returned to reality when Jenny leaped into his embrace.

"Thank you for your kind welcome!" Mike pats her head and nods in front of the others.

"Well, you must have a lot to say. I'll make tea for everyone." Elizabeth walked away with a lovely grin on her face.

"Thank you, Mom!" Mike smiled as he moved into the main room, Jenny in his arms.

"Hey, that's not right. I'd like to be hugged as well." Lauren yelled as she hurried to his embrace after watching Jenny holding him contentedly for a long time.

"No, remember, it's my turn. He has returned home. As a result, I should be the one to hold him first." Jenny's cheeks blew out as she tightened her grip on him. She cocked her head towards Lauren and stuck out her tongue in a nice way.

"Hey, I still haven't accepted you as the first mistress. So you don't always come in first. Let........ go of him! I want to hug him as well." Lauren approached his left side and attempted to pull Jenny.

"You know, I have another side as well." Mike sighed as Jenny's nails pricked him. Fortunately, she couldn't pierce his copper-colored skin with just her nails.

"Hehe!" Lauren snickered and dashed to his right side upon hearing her. She also clings to him and pokes Jenny with her tongue.

"Humph!" Jenny snorted and turned away, attempting to penetrate his flesh with her nails. Unfortunately, without her ability energy, it would be impossible.

"Master, I, too, would want a hug." Sunny also murmured as she reached out to Mike. Jenny and Lauren exchanged lethal eyes when they heard her comments. Sunny had chills down her spine and didn't dare to glance up.

"Come on guys, remember I'm going to spend the entire night with you all? There's no need for you to cling to me like this." After hearing her plea, Mike sighed. He could have asked her to climb in his back, but then he'd have to let Olive climb in front of him.

He didn't want to stay that way.

"Alright!" Jenny and Lauren both sighed at the same time, but only Jenny left his body. When she noticed Lauren still clinging to his body, she said, "Hey, why are you still clinging to him like a gorilla?"

"Who are you dialing, the gorilla?" Lauren yelled in response to Jenny's attack. She then placed her head on his shoulder and muttered, "You got more time, and I'd like to stay as well."

"You!!!!" Jenny tightened her fist as she noticed Lauren's determination. Despite the fact that she was aware that Mike adored her more than Lauren. But, in her opinion, there is no such thing as measuring love. In the danger, he may decide to save her first, but even then, she is unsure whether he will absolutely save her first.

Because Mike adores all of the women in his harem. Despite the fact that he appears to be more preoccupied with one and another, she thought it to be a distinguishing feature of him.

He is unconcerned about someone knowing they are prepared to confront it. However, he displays concern to others because he is unsure whether she will be able to face it or not. When she discussed everything during the tournament arc with Olive, she verified her guess.

And now she sees Lauren as a formidable foe because if Mike loves everyone equally, she must show her worth in his harem on her own. Previously, she was unconcerned about others.

She is aware that they pose no danger to her. Lauren, though, is. Especially since she is Mike's childhood pal. She has never regarded anyone else as an adversary including scarlet. Because she knew Mike was becoming stronger not only physically, but also mentally.

Lauren feels the same way; she does not recognize Jenny as the first mistress. Because she adores Mike in equal measure. And she is willing to give up her arrogance of brilliance for Mike's sake. But she will never be the first mistress, not just due to a lack of talent, but also due to a lack of something else.

Mike grumbled at their newfound rivalry. He couldn't understand why Jenny was so envious, especially when she was the one who forced him to fuck ladies all hours of the day and night. He was only able to sit on the couch. But then the door behind him swung open.

Lucas walks out, his face expressionless as usual. Mike notices him but remains silent for a moment. Lauren lets go of Mike as they both move in front of each other. Jenny smirks as she notices this and looks at Lauren.

Bam!

Standing in front of each other, they didn't move for few seconds. After that, they both clapped their hands, banged their fists, and hugged each other.

"Man! I'm taken aback by your change. You used to hug me excitedly if you hadn't seen me in more than a week." Mike hushed, a pleasant smile on his face.

"And you used to be terrified if I didn't laugh," Lucas muttered, but his expression remained unchanged.

"Well, you used to be a complete moron," Mike replied with a smile.

"No, you used to be a complete moron," Lucas responded.

"No, you used to be a complete moron." Mike's smile fades as he speaks in hushed tones.

"No, you used to be a complete moron," Lucas responds.

"Of course not! I had the intelligence equal to an elephant." Mike spoke with a proud expression on his face.

"Elephants aren't technically intelligent. They simply have long-term memories." Lucas responded.

"But, won't you be smart if you recall everything you read and ace your exams?" Mike inquired, a sly grin on his face.

"Now that you've brought it up. This appears to be the case." Lucas finally pulls away from his embrace and rests his hand on his chin, deep in thought. Lucas clicks his finger and speaks while elevating his head, "If you are as smart as an elephant, then I am as smart as a dolphin."

Mike's expression completely changed when he heard his remarks. But it all changed when that smile reappeared on his face: "If you're as brilliant as a dolphin, I'm as smart as a chimpanzee."

"I agree with half of your statement. You do resemble a chimpanzee. However, if we compare intelligence, I will be insulting the chimpanzee race." Lucas nods and responds with a cheeky look on his face.

"Hey!" They began brawling shortly after that until Elizabeth arrived with the tea. Their brawl came to a halt as they grabbed a cup of tea and began a heated discussion. He then spent the rest of the day talking about the competition.

Sunny, Lauren, and Jenny broke into the room at night. When Olive attempted to enter, they kicked her out, claiming that she had had enough of his dick. It was now their turn. They sat and waited.

One hour, two hours, three hours have passed, but Mike has not arrived.

Lauren finally went out to check on Lucas's room. Mike, on the other hand, was not present. Then she became suspicious and entered Elizabeth's room.

"Shhhh!" When Lauren entered the room, Elizabeth motioned for her to be silent. She was perched on the edge of the bed. Mike was soundly dozing on her lap.

"Hush!" Lauren sighed and exited the room when she noticed this. She realized it would be a bad idea to wake him awake. And, seeing Mike sleep so soundly, she couldn't bear the thought of waking him up.

Inside the room, Elizabeth fondles his hair with compassion in her eyes, recalling what Mike said a few hours previously.

After dinner,

Elizabeth went back to her room because her daughters-in-law could do the dishes. Mike followed her as well. Mike felt a little conflicted within. He wanted to ask, but he felt it wasn't the right time.

"What happened? Isn't it true that you're not going to spend time with your lovers?" When Elizabeth noticed Mike following her, she was perplexed.

"Can I sleep in your lap today, Mom?" Mike talked with a look of internal turmoil and sadness in his eyes.

"Shouldn't you sleep on the lap of your lover?" Elizabeth's demeanor changed as she noticed the sadness in his eyes, but she continued to chuckle.

"Mom, I........ Okay!" Mike felt he couldn't ask her this way. He became even more conflicted and made the decision to leave.

"You certainly can! But not every day, okay? Remember, I also need to sleep?" After observing his look, Elizabeth sighed and spoke.

"Really?" His mood transformed in an instant, and his smile shone like a holy light across his face.

After that, Mike rests his head on her lap and eventually closes his eyes as Elizabeth strokes his hair.

Currently,

Elizabeth continued to stroke his hair, thinking, 'Did you find out?' Otherwise, why would you be so tense? That thing must have finally told you. Well, I'd want to explain why. But first, I need to ask him. Don't worry, even if he refuses, I will force him.'

'Just a bit longer, just a little longer!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I've already apologized a hundred times. I was pretty exhausted, okay? Please forgive me!" Mike bent and clasped his hands, apologizing to Jenny and Lauren. Sunny, on the other hand, couldn't even raise her voice.

"Do you believe an apology would suffice for the mistake you made? You kept us waiting all night." Jenny scoffed and walked away. Lauren followed her this time as they dashed away.

"Hush! If you forgive me this time, I vow to take you both out on a date after the raid." When Mike noticed them hurrying away, he yelled.

Whoosh!

"If you breach the commitment, we'll let another guy fuck us." Jenny and Lauren stepped in front of him and spoke at the same time.

"Sigh! That's the worst penalty I could get, you know?" Mike exhaled a sigh. Following that, he was carried away by them. Another person was following them. He was none other than Lucas. He has only recently entered the General Realm.

However, because of his cultivation speed, he had a good probability of joining the raid. They couldn't figure out why he improved so quickly with A-Rank skill. Regardless, he was chosen.

Lauren's sacrifice and hard work were instrumental in making this possible. During this tournament, Lucas made the most of Ascending to Godhood. He finished challenging decisions and increased his cultivation. Not only did he improve his cultivation, but he also refined his sword cultivation.

"Are you certain this is the location?" Mike turned his head at two girls and questioned as he walked through a dark area. The ground was littered with bones and black earth. Thunderclouds were raging across the sky, and the sun had been entirely obscured by the gloomy sky.

"Of course it is," I say. Do you believe the banned zone would be at a playground for children?" Jenny scoffed as she turned her head to Mike.

"So, that building must be the residence of the Demon King of Atharos!" Mike spoke as he pointed his finger at the skyscraper, which was surrounded by lightning bolts and a dark cloud. It is not only shrouded in heavy clouds, but it also sits on a hill.

"That's the structure. There is a Demon King there, and we must destroy him if we are to be successful in this raid." Jenny nods and speaks as she walks across the dark earth.

"However, this will not be a simple raid. This Demon King is not your typical demon lord." Lauren's voice was a little gloomy when she spoke. Unlike Jenny and Mike, she is intimately acquainted with the demon king.

Tap!

Mike speaks and pats her on the head as he walks forward. "Don't be concerned! This is something we can handle. And I need to put my new mode to the test."

"Is there a new mode?" While Lauren simply smiled, Jenny leaned in closer and inquired.

"Hehe! It's unexpected. I need to make sure that employing Demon King is worthwhile." Mike clenched his fists and slammed them together proudly while speaking.

"Alright! Okay, let's move on or we'll be left alone." Jenny sighed since she couldn't get him to reveal his new mode.

They arrived near a cluster of young individuals after a few minutes.

The majority of them were in their twenties, with some as young as sixteen. They could sense a powerful atmosphere stifling them as they passed through the crowd.

Mike became even more ecstatic after sensing such an aura. Lauren caught his hand and shook her head just before he was ready to release his own aura. Her goal was critical, therefore she didn't want to draw extra attention to herself.

Mike couldn't help but groan and follow her. They arrived near a group of three persons after a minute. Two of them were women, while the third was a man. They both gazed at the number eighteen.

"Lauren! Finally, you came. I'd been looking forward to seeing you for a long time." One of the girls immediately greeted Lauren with a bear hug, making Mike envious for a brief period. Lauren was met by another girl, but she didn't become too touchy.

The man, on the other hand, merely nods his head. Lauren turned to face Mike and others as she introduced girls to them

"Her name is Jean." She spoke while pointing at the girl in the pink skirt.

"And her name is Elsie." She went on, pointing her finger towards the girl in the tight black tracksuit.

"He's Oscar." She finally introduced the man, and then she started introducing Mike and others to three of them.

"This is Mike Tyson, my boyfriend. Jenny Floor is a buddy of mine. And you've already met him. Lucas Green is my younger brother."

"Lucas? I believed Luke was on his way." When Elsie saw Lucas' realm, she became doubtful. Even if he tried, he couldn't disguise it. After all, he was just in the first tier of general realm cultivation.

"Ehh! Lauren, please accept my apologies. I didn't tell them anything about Luke." When Jean overheard her statements, she instantly closed her mouth and apologized to Lauren.

"It's all right!" When her brother was named, tears welled up in her eyes, but she swiftly recovered and smiled as she shook her head.

Jean hurried and whispered in Elsie's ear, explaining the situation. When Elsie learned of Luke's death, she embraced Lauren and apologized, "I'm sorry!"

"It's all right! I'm fine already. And they are keeping an eye on us." Lauren was mortified when Elsie hugged her in this way. As she struggled to free herself, Jean's thinking rang a bell as she spoke. "Lauren, don't tell me he's the genuine Mike Tyson?"

When she talked in a loud voice, more people became interested and turned to look at Mike. Lauren flushed slightly and nodded as she heard her inquiry.

"Wow! I am a tremendous fan of you, God of Sex. "Can I be a part of your harem?" Mike stood in front of her, dumbfounded until Jean pointed him out.

"You can't ask him to join his harem, you know. You must demonstrate your worth." Suddenly, a figure appeared in front of her and spoke. Jenny was the person in question. Mike, she knew, would undoubtedly agree.

However, she needs to learn more about the girl. At the very least, she needs to know if she qualifies.

"And who exactly are you?" Jean's eyes twitched slightly as she inquired, a mocking smirk on her face.

"Me? My name is Jenny Flora, and I am his harem's first mistress. So you might want to remove that mocking smirk from your face." Jenny made a triumphant grin as she talked, but all she got were puzzled looks.

"Oh, Mike, you're finally here!" Suddenly, everyone's attention was drawn to a voice. It was not only loud and clear, but it was also under a lot of pressure.

Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!

Slowly, the man emerged from the crowd and extended his hand to Mike, who was joined by a lady. Mike, on the other hand, disregarded him and ran out to hug Tina.

"Good day, Tina!" It's been a long time. "How are you doing?"

"Mike, hurry up! We only met fourteen days ago. And, please, stop being so sensitive." Tina clenched her teeth, astonished by this rapid movement.

"Are you saying I should stop cultivating?" Mike pulls away from her embrace and asks, his hand on her shoulder.

"All well, we can tackle this later. First, listen to him out!" Tina moaned and moved her gaze away from Mike. She wasn't bothered by his hug; rather, she was bothered by the crowd's stare.

Even now, the audience was deafeningly quiet. They couldn't tell if they were here for a raid or to watch a romantic date drama.

"All right, everyone, let's get this meeting started before we commence the raid. So, I'm hoping you'll get closer without causing any strange situations." Chris's voice was commanding. Mike felt it again when he spoke for the second time.

He moved in close to Tina and asked, "Hey, I always feel like my strength is inferior to Chris's.  I mean, the gap is actually enormous. But I can't figure out why. His cultivation isn't that high."

"Hehe! Isn't it interesting? You believed Sword Demon was the most strong genius, but now as you compare them, he looks like a child. It's not your fault, after all." Tina then turned her head to Chris, her eyes sparkling as she explains.

"His full name is Chris Wellston. He is also the Wellston family's heir. Although the Wellstone family isn't particularly well-known or powerful, everything changed with the birth of Blake Wellston. He was born with the SSS-Rank Fire Element and was capable of scorching the earth."

"He is one of the few persons who are on the verge of entering the Half-Saint Realm. His son's name is Chris. And, like his father, he awakened the Fire Element. However, unlike his father, his fire element was higher than SSS-Rank. I'm not sure if this is true or not."

"However, I've heard that this rank is known as God-Rank Talent. This refers to someone who has the potential to become a divinity. Because of his fire element, you can feel the intense oppression from him. It is not just his innate ability, but rather something known as........"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"He has the knowledge of Laws. Because he can influence Fire Law, he is as dangerous as Kings. He can't use it anytime he wants because of his stamina. That is why Kings have more power than Generals. It's a basic idea."

"Does manipulating space without possessing Space Innate Ability to imply that you understand the Laws?" Mike inquires, a speck of uncertainty flickering over his gaze.

"Certainly not! Oh, yeah! You can use your spatial abilities, but I believed you had Space-related genes." Tina shook her head and stared at him, perplexed.

'My Void Law appears to be associated with the Laws. I've even understood two stages, but why don't I have such a distinct aura? Do I need to understand higher levels?' Mike pondered this question as he struggled with self-doubt.

"Your Void Law has seven levels, Host. You have only grasped two. Not to mention that you haven't even grasped the concept of Space Law. It's simply a Space Concept. If you practice this art until you reach the third stage, you will finally begin to understand Space Law."

"And that's only the beginning. You may need to accomplish this art to fully know Space Law, and even then, you would just have begun practicing Void Law. Laws are an element of cultivation. If you cultivate law, you will be able to control nature."

"A person who understands Concept can manage the elements around us, but a person who understands Laws can generate the elements out of his own energy, which is stamina." Claire said to him in his head

'No wonder! But how did he understand the Fire Law directly? Did he rely on his natural aptitude, or does he have a Fire Law like mine?' Mike remained somber as he requested Claire to go over his thoughts.

"It must be an intrinsic aptitude of his. Because his intrinsic ability is God-Rank, he has some power over the Fire Law. If you develop your Innate Abilities, I'm sure you'll be able to understand Lightning Law and Brute Force Law as well."

"However, this time it may come at a high price. A hundred billion dollars! If you're fortunate. When your luck is average, you can win $5 billion. When your luck runs out, one trillion." Claire's remarks terrified him to the point that his soul escaped from his body.

'Trillion? Are you fucking kidding?' Mike screamed inside his chest. That roar jolted his entire brain and drew his soul back into his body.

"As I previously stated, God-Rank Innate Ability can assist you in comprehending the Laws. I mean, how many Commanders do you think struggle to reach the King Realm? And the majority of them will fail. This is the strength of talent."

"You understand law even if you are only a General. Do you believe he will even break a sweat in order to reach the King Realm? He's not going to do it. He doesn't even need Five Elements Stone to enter Half-Saint Realm, let alone King Realm."

'Wait a second! Do you have knowledge of all cultivation realms? Could you please explain it to me? I'm referring to the King and Emperor Realm.' Claire's statements astounded Mike. He just asked her because he was intrigued by the phrase "Five Elements Stone to Reach Half-Saint Realm."

"To rank up in Commander Realm, you must consume the core that has remained inside your primary core. However, in order to reach the thirteenth tier, you must first access the Purple Mansion. It is critical since this mansion was built to store the source."

"You should be familiar with the Theory of Energy Conservation, right? Energy cannot be created or destroyed, but it can be transformed from one form to another. This means that Fire Law does not cause the fire to appear out of nowhere. It requires another type of energy, which is your stamina."

"It also need something capable of transforming stamina into fire. That is the role of Fire Law. You can use it to turn your stamina into pure fire. However, Fire Law is not something that can be touched. It is, however, exclusively inside a certain object constructed of a thread of Primal Chaos Energy."

"Normally, you can't just get this type of energy. This is why the cultivation system is permanent and cannot be changed at will. To reach this world, humanity and other races can share their Primal Chaos Energy. And it's quite expensive since it is shared from black market."

"With this energy and the Fire Law, you can create the Purple Mansion within your core. Then, using your Purple Mansion, you can change your stamina into pure Law. There are thirteen ranks, and each rank symbolizes one of your mansion's rooms."

"Those rooms enable you to keep the Fire. It's similar to a battery. When you have the time, you can use your own stamina to make fire and then store it within the Purple Mansion's room. Of course, the Purple Mansion can also be used to store items such as Dark Energy Crystals or even exceptional treasures."

"The Emperor Realm would come after the King Realm. And this is a crucial domain. In fact, it is so vital that, other from your master and a few other people, no one else has completely grasped the meaning of Emperor."

"This domain denotes more than simply power. It identifies your mentality, willpower, and spirit. Your Master is extremely powerful, to the point that he can battle a Saint. Not every Saint but those average. And you should know just how big the gap is between two different realms."

"The upshot of his attitude is invincible will and invincible spirit. Everyone is merely a stepping stone in his eyes. He feels he can outperform everyone in the world. You could never outperform him if he had the talent that Pioneer Body possessed."

"Regardless of how strong your will is. If you are unable to become the Great Emperor, which is the border between the Emperor Realm and the Half-Saint Realm, it may take a long time to exceed him. That is why I advise you to hone your determination and drive oneself with enthusiasm."

"In order to enter the Emperor Realm, you must first establish a domain. These are known as Emperor Domains, as opposed to skill domains. Of course, it has similarities with the domain skill but the only difference would be the power of that domain."

"Once the Emperor exploits his domain, he has the ability to completely overturn the surrounds. If you reach Emperor Realm, you must build a special domain that combines your natural talent with a special domain. The thirteenth stratum of domain is represented by thirteen ranks."

"In order to build the domain, you must have adequate control over your own innate ability, a specific domain from A-Rank Skill, and strong willpower. Last but not least, domains are meant to make you invincible."

"Once you have revealed your domain, your strength will multiply in proportion to your Willpower. Furthermore, if your willpower is weaker than your opponent's, your dominion will collapse. This is a summary of the King Realm."

"In general, you shouldn't be too concerned about this. Dual cultivation is the foundation of your cultivation. All you need to do is make some simple preparations. And now that you have the Yin-Yang Enlightenment State and chaotic energy, you don't even need to be concerned about accessing the King Realm." Claire spoke up.

'No way!' I can't just sit back and watch someone else win. I'm going to outperform him. I shall understand Space Law.' Mike directly shouted in his brain while tightening his fist as he heard her remarks. In his eyes, the Fighting Will grew stronger..

"All right, everyone, this concludes the conversation. We will carry out our plan. And I don't want anyone to make an error during this raid. Remember that this dungeon has three levels. We are barely two hundred in number, but our opponents number roughly a hundred thousand in the first layer."

"The level of power might range from rank one general to rank thirteenth. You must use caution. If you can't handle it, transfer responsibility to someone who can." When Chris's comments resonated in his ears, Mike looked at him, perplexed.

"Hey, hold on a second! When did he tell you about the plan? And what is the plan?" For a brief minute, Mike was terrified. He didn't even hear the plan because he was so engrossed in Claire's explanation.

"So, you didn't hear him from beginning to end, did you?" Tina cast him a wary glance.

"What's up with that expression? I was thinking about Laws." When Mike noticed those suspicious eyes, he felt goosebumps.

"Hush! And for a split second, I thought you were planning how you were going to pound me." Tina sighed and looked away, a dissatisfied expression on her face.

"Hey, hold on a second! At the very least, explain the rules." Mike took her hand in his and drew her closer to him, whispered in her ear. They were both a little outside of the circle, so most people didn't hear them. While others did, they gave Mike an odd look that made him feel humiliated.

After all, when someone was meticulously describing everything, Mike was preoccupied with his own concerns. Mike, in their opinion, was gradually becoming into a jerk who cared about nothing except women. They, on the other hand, couldn't care less. The majority of them were already making their way towards the building.

"All right, let's get started! I'll go over the details on the way." Tina moaned and took his hand in hers as she walked away.

Behind him, Jenny turned her head at Lauren and asked "Did he just forget that we were here?"

::::::::::::::::::::::::

Support my new book: Tower Ascension

Vote Powerstones for my new book

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That's all there is to it! Our entire strategy is to use everything we have during the fight, with nothing saved for later stages?" Mike sat there dumbfounded, listening to her and asking her a question. He couldn't believe this was referred to as a strategy.

"We are, indeed, geniuses. We can beat a hundred thousand flocks of the enemy if we give it our best, especially with Chris on our side." Tina spoke with an enigmatic look on her face. He noticed a gathering of individuals waiting for someone just as they were about to move forward.

A female rushes towards them after a few minutes. Her speed was incredible. They appeared in front of their group in an instant.

"Hu! Hu! Hu! Sorry, folks, I almost forgot about the raid today." As she tried to apologize, the girl panted profusely. But there was no trace of embarrassment on her face.

"Just because you have talent doesn't mean you can do whatever you want with it. At the very least, you should strive to appear humble." The boy next to her was angered by her tone as if she wasn't even attempting to apologize.

"I'm sorry, but I have talent and can accomplish anything I want. Don't forget that you're here to observe me, not to argue with me!" The girl quickly became chilly, sending chills up their spine. That boy quickly shut his mouth, and the other was unable to speak.

"Is that you, Scarlet?" She was taken aback when she heard a voice from behind her. She turned around to see Mike standing behind her.

"Mike!" Scarlet immediately changes her frigid face and leaps into Mike's embrace when she sees him. Mike throws his arms around her and feels the softness of her body as he draws her into his embrace. She was dressed casually in a pink sweater, a little skirt, and a pair of long stockings.

"Oh! You are also present." Scarlet spoke up when she noticed Jenny standing behind Tina. She had no choice but to ignore Lauren, but she couldn't ignore Jenny. She was shocked to see Lucas, and even more so by his horticulture. She became even more shocked when she tried to feel Mike's cultivation.

'Master, are you sure this is true?' Scarlet requested her master through her own thoughts due to her strong disbelief.

'Yes, his cultivation has advanced to the seventh rank of General Realm, which is only two ranks lower than yours. He's also not your typical General. I can detect the Concept Space, lightning, and his brute natural talent. And, more crucially, his fire physically has vanished.' Scarlet was stunned when a frigid voice sounded in her head.

She couldn't believe Mike had progressed so much in such a short period of time. When she turned her head to Jenny, she released a killing intent.

"What happened, Scarlet? Did I make a mistake?" Mike sensed her murderous intent and asked her as he moved away from her body.

"What makes you say that?" Scarlet looked at him, perplexed, but before she could respond, her master's voice boomed in her head. 'Your lover has grasped the concept of Slaughter Spirit. He can sense the murderous intent from a long distance away.'

'Take it away! You don't need to be concerned. The time has come. We only need to get her away from Mike, and I'll assist you in killing her.'

When Scarlet heard her words, she shook her head and responded, "It's nothing, Mike. I was just upset with myself for fleeing. I'm not going anywhere from now on."

"What? Really?" Mike couldn't believe what he was hearing. He grabbed her shoulder and yelled at her, his face flushed with disbelief.

"Yes, since there will no longer be any impediment in our way." She looked at Jenny angrily and grinned when she said those things.

"Are you allowing her to do anything she wants?" Lauren approached Jenny and inquired.

"Don't be concerned! Didn't you notice that expression? She wants to do exactly what I desire. Oh, that humiliation! I will repay you tenfold." She was able to sense the deadly intent in Scarlet's heart because of her True Evil God Bloodline.

Because of her lineage, she now has an even greater advantage in reading other people's emotions. She can sense the negativity concealed in other people's hearts and determine who truly loves Mike and who is only interested in the benefit.

However, she was also taken aback. Because Scarlet adores Mike. Scarlet's heart, in truth, contained no trace of malice toward Mike. This caused her to dive into serious thought.

'Did I truly make a mistake?  If only I had this bloodline, I wouldn't have had to go through that disgrace...... No, I took care of everything for Mike. I didn't make any errors. Emotions shift! Even I might develop a dislike for Mike in the future, let alone someone whose love is selfish.'

'I only hope Mike's heart is strong enough to face that day. No ...... I hope that day never comes.'

While she was buried in her own thoughts, she couldn't detect another malice rising from Scarlet's mind.

'Is that the same sensation? No, something isn't right! That creature isn't supposed to be here. He was the one who sealed it. Why would she have such evil in her body? Did someone attempt to tamper with the multiverse? No way, fuck no! I really shouldn't be so negative.'

'And even if it is true, I HAVE TO KILL HER THIS TIME.'

Mike was laughing and embracing Scarlet, completely unaware of Scarlet and Jenny's animosity. He returned his gaze and exclaimed, "Hey you girls, I want you to meet someone."

When Lauren heard his remarks, she gave him a blank stare and answered, "Yeah! He very emphatically ignored us."

"Let's just ignore him too." Lauren nods in response to Jenny's words. They approached him and, as he was ready to introduce them, they disregarded Mike and walked away.

"What's up, girls? Why are you ignoring me? Wait a minute! Wait for me!" Mike screamed and dashed towards them, clutching Scarlet's hand and yanking her away.

After 10 minutes, the combat begins with Mike and Tina standing together in the middle of the battlefield.

Boom!

"I think you weren't entirely wrong." Mike bows his head in front of the massive army of humanoid animals after seeing Chris's flames scorch dozens of them in a single attack. These monsters possessed the body of a humanoid with animal traits.

Snap! POW!

Suddenly, one of the humanoid beasts sprang at Mike, slashing its tiger claw. But it had no effect. Mike vanished and reappeared over the humanoid beast. He tightened his fist and slammed on the humanoid beast's head.

"Lightning King Scripture- Lightning Spear!"

Mike shone with lightning all over his body as he hovered in the skies. The lightning struck his hand, becoming a two-meter-long spear.

Whoosh! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Bang!

Mike launched his spear after using all of his might at his wrist. He needs powerful momentum, which he obtained after piercing dozens of the humanoid beasts. However, one of the humanoid beasts built a massive earth shield and deflected the lightning spear.

Each humanoid beast was in charge of a particular element. When the earth shield was completed, he released three earthen thorns towards Mike.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The lightning ringed his hands and erupted in the form of a massive dragon. The lightning dragon enveloped him as well, piercing the earth thorns into pieces. The lightning dragon moves towards the humanoid beasts when the earth crumbles.

"Lightning King Scripture- Lightning Dragon"

Boom!

The lightning dragon detonated in the face of dozens of humanoid animals, causing tremendous destruction, followed by another massive catastrophe.

Bang! Crack! Crack! Crack!

Tina clenches her fist and hits the ground behind him. The next thing you know, the entire ground splits in half, taking scores of humanoid beasts inside. The number of humanoid beasts had reduced significantly, but their side had also suffered to the point where Chris was the sole caretaker of the powerful humanoid beasts.

Whoosh! Splash! Splash! Splash!

A shadowy figure approached the humanoid beasts that ringed Chris, just as Mike considered assisting him. His body moved in the manner of a shadow. Mike, too, couldn't see the figure and could only see victims dropping in bulk on the ground.

"Hello, Chris Bastard! Don't take up all of the fun by yourself."

Boom!

Suddenly, a figure rushed from the sky and landed heavily on the earth. The entire earth shook, slamming the humanoid animals into the ground.

"Wait a second! They've also arrived. Why hadn't I noticed them sooner?" When Mike tried to take in his surroundings, he noticed Sword Demon, Thorn Princess, Max Cena, and Silver King.

"Of course you wouldn't notice! They arrived much sooner, and you were preoccupied with your girlfriends when we arrived. If I hadn't separated you two, this would have been your dating location." Tina shook her head helplessly as she scolded Mike.

When he heard her remarks, all he could do was rub his head in embarrassment. True, he became entirely engrossed in attempting to reconcile Jenny and Scarlet.. He had no idea what had transpired, but he could see the enmity between these two.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whoosh!

Splash!

Jenny jerked her head slightly as the arrow passed nearby and pierced the humanoid beast's head. Jenny turned her head and glanced at the person who had shot the arrow.

"Ahh! Please accept my apologies if I startled you. I was only after that humanoid beast." Scarlet mocked at her while clutching her bow. She raises her bow and fires a shot to her right side. It was a different humanoid.

"This bitch! That shot was clearly intended for you." Lauren, too, noticed this and yelled. Her eyes glowed with rage, and veins protruded from her brow.

"Don't be upset, Lauren! We must resolve this personally. And believe me when I say I'm going to crush her under my feet." As she stated, she swung the blade and slashed the humanoid beast's neck. Its blood splashed on her.

Splash!

"Invincible Sword Technique- Thousand Sword Rainfall"

The Sword Demon flicks his finger, causing thousands of swords to rain down from the heavens. Each sword was created with his own ability energy and was coated with sword purpose. Each blade falls down quickly, piercing the corpses of hundreds of humanoid beasts.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

Despite his powerful attack, several of them were able to break his sword. His domain, after all, was only in the third rank of General. And his ability energy was being depleted at an alarming rate.

"Damn! This guy is still a force to be reckoned with." Mike couldn't help but smile as he gazed out over the immensity covered by the sword. Simultaneously, he expels the blue brutal essence from his cores.

"How can I stay behind if he's going all out?"

"Gravity Domain!" "Blood Domain!" "Berserk Domain!" "Lightning Domain!"

"Desolate Lightning Scripture- Thunder Hammer Punch!"

Mike leaped into the air and immediately released his four domains. Several hundred meters around him were frozen in time and space. The blood domain painted the entire sky red, the lightning domain scattered lightning sparks around him, the berserk domain instantly increased his power, and finally, the gravity domain pushed the entire group of humanoid animals to the ground.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Mike then unleashes a barrage of punches in an instant. Each punch was infused with blue brute essence, and when they landed on those humanoid beasts, they left a five-meter-deep crater.

Boom!

A person appears in front of Mike, releasing a blast of flame from his fist. When the flame reaches Mike, it explodes, causing a big explosion.

Snap!

"While it did not reach me, it did reach my clothes. What did my clothes ever do to you? " Mike arrives from behind the humanoid beast and slams the fist into its head.

Bang! Thud!

The beast fell to the ground and was buried three feet beneath the soil. Mike's eyes rolled to the side as he rushed ahead at a speed unfathomable to the human eye. A gigantic humanoid beast with wings was racing at him.

"Chaos Scripture"

In a moment, his eyes unleashed a ferocious raw fury. Lightning and brutal force combine inside his body, creating a burst of blazing hot energy. At the same time, blue brute essence is being expelled from him as he employs the God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence.

He makes a fist with his fingers and draws his arms back. He punches forward while his fist is parallel to his chest. The two separate energies burst forth from his fist in an instant.

One was crimson, while the other was blue. One was warm, while the other was cool. One was a collision practice, while the other was a fusion practice. They encircled each other and reached between those humanoid beasts while moving.

"Yin and Yang Explosion"

Snap! Boom!

He comes alongside Lauren as he slowly opens his fist and snaps his finger, and the massive explosion caught everyone off guard. Despite the fact that they were aware of a battle on the air, most of them were not looking up.

However, when that explosion occurred, it covered a ten-kilometer radius, rendering heaven and earth mute. The yin and yang explosion annihilated those monsters. But when those individuals went looking for Mike, they couldn't find him.

Mike, on the other hand, was using his Snaps to take Lauren away. Lauren, as intended, must be the first to arrive at the building. Only then will she be able to complete her mission.

Mike arrived at the building while everyone else was working outside. As they entered the room, Lauren pushed the door open. It was quite large. Inside the space, there were numerous chairs and pillars. At the far end of the room, there was a large seat.

"You've finally arrived, Green Family descendant. But where have your pals gone?" The man sitting on the seat, dressed in crimson armor, spoke in a deep voice.

"Hey, ugly armor person, are you blind? Can't you see me?" Mike's eyes twitched as he roared in response to his comments.

"There is only one! Are you certain you're not come here to die? Oh… I almost forgot about it. You came here to die, after all. "Jie! Jie! Jie!" The man inside the armor laughed hysterically as he talked villainously.

"Are you sure you can handle them without it?" Lauren turned her head at Mike and asked.

Hearing her words, Mike smiled and said "Didn't I already told you? I have something in my sleeve."

A few days ago,

"What? Lauren asked you to create bullets capable of slaughtering celestials." Mike panicked out while clutching the phone when he heard Jenny say, "slaughter celestials." For a little moment, his body shivered.

"What's the deal with you being so spooked out? She simply asked that I make these because we'll be fighting celestials on our next raid. It's not like they're designed to murder you." Jenny frowned as she observed his tone was trembling a lot.

And how could he not tremble? He had the bloodline of celestials. That suggests he was celestial as well. He attempted to persuade himself that she would not point the gun at him. Jenny inquired after two minutes of silence, "So, I need a model of the type of pistol that you can use on a regular basis."

"Umm! Jenny, please inform Lauren that I do not require those bullets. I've got something on my sleeves that can kill celestials." When he spoke, a strange smirk appeared on his lips. He hadn't realized until Claire informed him that his God Slaughter Overlord Fist essence was designed to murder celestials.

Despite the fact that these are two separate terms, they have the same meaning. That is why the system considers celestials to be gods, as well as the creators. After all, god is something that creates and is loved by all.

At the current timeline,

Mike remained in the same spot while Lauren followed the man in red armor. He was encircled by a large crowd. And they were all celestials. Even though they were weak celestials, they were still celestials.

Mike tried hitting them despite knowing they couldn't die. He took a glance around and noticed the weakest one in the corner. He came in front of the celestial and punched him to the pillar with the snap.

Bang! Splash!

His punch was really powerful. Not only was it hard, but it was also infused with his four spirits and brute might. He did not employ blue brute essence because it was capable of killing celestial. His strike fractured the head bones and coated the entire face with blood.

But the next second, it began to heal at an incredible rate. His face went back to normal, and the bloodstain was absorbed by his body.

"Hahaha! Hahaha! Hahaha!"

Mike burst out laughing when he saw this. His laughter was so loud that the man in red armor, as well as Lauren, could hear it. He returned his gaze and asked, doubtingly, "Did he go wild merely after viewing the celestials' power?"

"I suppose he got his replies." After hearing his laughter, Lauren muttered with a gorgeous smile.

"Humph! Let's get started!" The man in red armor was perplexed as to why Lauren was laughing so loudly, but he became enraged as a result. As he leads the way, he yelled at Lauren.

'Atharos, you will not be able to maintain your arrogance for long.' Lauren murmured to herself as she followed him. Both of their hands were tied at the time. Lauren couldn't do anything to him and he couldn't do anything to her.

At this moment,

Mike was completely enthralled. He simultaneously freed all of his kingdoms, spirits, and two divine talents. He did not enter Zombie Mode since he needed to conserve stamina for the upcoming bout. In any case, he was ready to bash some undead bodies.

He materialized behind the space celestial after absorbing the blue brute essence in his fist.

Splash! Bam!

When he punched out, his fist changed into a lightning spear in front of him, piercing through the celestial's head. The lightning spear was generated in a bluish hue from the blue brute essence.

Thud!

This time celestial fell on the ground with a pool of blood around it. Seeing the dead bodies of the celestials, Mike smacked both of his fists together and said "It's celestial slaughtering time, baby!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside the building,

The route was about three miles long. Thousands of humanoid animals surround only a few hundred humans in the middle of the road.

whoosh! whoosh! whoosh! whoosh! whoosh! whoo, Whoosh!

Suddenly, a swarm of humanoid monsters charged them. When they saw those animals, a couple of them looked at Chris and said, "OK, Chris, we'll leave them to you."

"Come on! You're asking a general of the tenth rank to take on seven Peak Grade E-Rank humanoid creatures. Aren't you guys a little too shameless?" Chris smiled while gritting his teeth. He was determined rather than furious that they were dumping the strongest demons on him.

"Hahaha! You can do it because we know you are the most powerful person here." One of them laughed as he rushed towards other humanoid monsters, clutching his hammer tightly.

"Hehe! You don't even have to say anything." A flame burned on the tip of his finger in an instant. He mutters and slightly lifts his finger at them.

"Burning Star Popsicles"

Flames appeared around them in an instant. The flame steadily accumulated on two opposing edges, forming lengthy popsicles. Each Popsicle featured a sharp tip at one end that punctured those humanoid monsters.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

The first two popsicles were quickly followed by many more. Unfortunately, these could not be eaten. They burst when these popsicles puncture their bodies. Chris dispatched the most powerful humanoid animals in a second. However, the wave was not subsiding.

There were just seven of them. But then Tina emerged behind him and exclaimed, "Mike and Lauren have entered the building!"

"What? Is it possible that they've lost their minds?" Chris freaked out when he heard her. He looked around and exclaimed, "Where is Miss Jenny?  Don't tell me she also went with them?"

"Both yes and no! She didn't accompany them, but she did leave with Scarlet. They both entered the building as well." Tina questioned, her eyes clouded, "Why are you so concerned about her?  She is not your crush, is she?"

"No, but my father instructed me to safeguard her throughout this raid." Chris's face was somber as he spoke.

"Your father did?" Tina's mouth and eyes both opened wide.

"Yes, father did!" Chris muttered this as he drifted off into his own memories.

A few days ago,

Chris stood in front of a middle-aged man that resembles him but had a mustache. He also had a big and muscular body along with his tall height.

"Chris, you will soon become the head of our family. I am planning to leave the earth and explore the universe. Before I leave, there are many things I need to tell you. So, I want to start with the most important one."

Chris got extremely excited when he heard his dad's words. He didn't expect his dad will teach him so soon. But, that excitement soon got buried by his words.

"After becoming head, promise me that you'll never pick a fight with Flora Family especially the head of that family."

When he heard those words, Chris's soul was shaken. He couldn't understand why his father was so serious. Although Flora Family Head was strong, his father was also close to Half-Saint Realm. He couldn't help but ask "Why?"

"Sigh!" Seeing the expression of his son, Chris's father sighed and explained "He is very different from us. He is someone who can barge into the universal council's meeting, yell at the universal spirit and get forty percent privilege of Ascending to Godhood."

"My father told me the same thing fifty years ago. When that man discovered that the council members were debating about the privilege for the earth. He stormed into the council, startling everyone. No one expected him to come back alive after the way he spoke to the council elders."

"However, it turns out he had the support of the universe's strongest man. The first human within that group to turn the universe upside down. The more I connected with him, the more I realized he was unique."

"I looked into his background and everything he did. It may seem difficult to believe, yet he is the reason for the awakening. He is the cause of both the First and Second World Wars. He is the reason why Raven organization is wreaking havoc."

"In fact, he has already established an enemy with the Blood Race, which supports the Raven Organization, but he is doing nothing to remove them. He is doing everything he can to maintain some sort of balance. We don't know what the balance is."

"It may be a part of his larger plan, or it could just be a coincidence. But, if it truly is a huge plan. Then I start to wonder who is working for whom."

Gasp!

Chris's soul was shaken after hearing his father's remarks. He gulped back the saliva that had been lodged in his throat and asked, "You don't mean the strongest guy is working for him, do you?"

"I'm not sure. It's just my opinion. But I don't believe that's feasible. Still, I don't understand why the strongest human, who had been missing for thousands of years, would suddenly appear in front of everyone to favor him."

Chris's father leans back in his chair and looks around. "Why?"

"Chris, come back! We need you." Tina's voice jolts him awake.

"Sorry! I was falling into my own head. But we need to clear this out right away. I've accepted responsibility for Miss Jenny's care. I must keep her safe." Chris spoke with a solemn attitude while glancing around.

"I'm not sure about the specifics, but did you know her boyfriend is the first genius of the Asian Empire?" He may not be as strong as you, but he can still use his space powers to escape with her." Tina shook her head and spoke while her attention was drawn to the individuals around her.

"It's not that I don't believe him, but the boss of the prohibited dungeon isn't going to be an easy target. He will undoubtedly be the strongest of all." As Chris spoke, flames erupted from his eyes. His goal was to defeat the dungeon's boss, so he realizes how formidable the dungeon's boss is.

Mike must have equal strength to himself if he is to prevail. Mike is doomed to lose if he does not have any trump cards that can boost his strength. At least, that's what he believes. However, he is unaware of Mike's strength.

Inside the Building

Mike kept the lightning all over his body as he moved around. This was a little different. It was produced from the Blue Brute Essence, which possesses both lightning and brute force traits.

"Lightning King Scripture- Lightning Python Strike"

Bang!

The lightning that had encircled his torso had cornered at his leg in an instant. He traveled dozens of meters in a fraction of a second with a single kick on the earth and kicked the celestial's head. His kick snapped his neck and sent him flying.

The heavenly collides with the pillar and crashes to the ground.

"Desolate Lightning Scripture- Thunder Hammer Punch!"

Bang!

He kicks the earth and soars into the sky. His body emitted an enormous amount of blue brutal essence, which covered his arms. The blue brute essence was turned into lightning, which was powered by brute force. He clenches his hands and unleashes a barrage of punches on the celestials.

When the celestials saw his attack, they too fought back. Unlike Mike, they were directly obtaining energy from the universe. Even Mike could see the faint blue. It engulfed their bodies and was merged with their fists.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

Lightning fists crashed into the fists of those dozens of people. The pillars surrounding them explode in an instant with powerful impacts. Not only the pillar but also the earth, began to shake violently.

While some were successful in blocking the lightning fists, the majority of them were killed. If Demon King Atharos were present, he would be stunned until his jaws fell to the ground. Celestials are so-called because they cannot die, not even from physical harm.

However, this essence alters everything. It was murdering them like a chicken. A red and blue energy crashed in front of the surviving celestials, just as they were about to block the strike.

Boooooooom!

The red energy resulted from the impact, while the blue energy resulted from the fusion. A powerful explosion engulfed them when they collided. The explosion was so big that even Mike was nearly at the range.

"Yin-Yang Explosion – Chaos Scripture"

The entire army of celestials was burnt to the ground as he spoke those words. Mike didn't go right away, instead of pulling out a few dark energy crystals and sitting with his legs crossed. Those approaches depleted his ability energy totally.

After few minutes,

He stood up, his cores full. He whispered to himself as he glanced at the crumpled mass of celestials, "The man who invented this technique is indeed a genius. I'm curious if he's still alive and if I'll ever meet him."

"But for the time being, an ugly person in armor, you better get ready. I'm on my way to get you."

Saying this, he dashed towards the building's interior.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why must you be so stubborn, Michel? He was trembling the day before. I believe he found it out." Elizabeth spoke while standing in front of a hologram in her room. Her eyes were red and swollen with tears, and she bit her lower lip.

When she expected a response from the man in the hologram, she received none. He was a tall man dressed in a black suit. His features resembled Mike's, but he was far too pale. And his powerful body, combined with his tall stature, made him exceedingly attractive. Other than Michel, he was well-known.

"Michael, hurry up! Accept the fact that our son is no longer alive. But he's still here. I know celestial treats souls as their frightened riches, which they must never forget to train. But, just take it, okay?"

"I had been cursed. That curse was passed on to our son. Do you want him to experience a life of anguish and pain? He's no longer there. We don't know where he has been reincarnated. Mike, on the other hand, is still our child. I've been carrying him for nine months."

"He carries both of our bloodlines. Even if his soul was replaced by someone else, he is still our son. I would not have positioned myself as his aunt if it weren't for the guilt I feel for him. What mother does not desire to be addressed as a mother by her son?"

"And now he refers to me as a mom. It brings me joy. During those eighteen years, I built a world for Mike out of lies. And I don't want to do anything else. Just return once! Even if you can't come here in person, I'm sure you can send your clone."

"He requires your help, Michel. I don't want to tell him everything all by myself. I require your assistance. I want us both to tell him everything." Elizabeth sobbed as she expressed her feelings. She was sad, happy, and worried all at the same time.

"I can't do it. He won't be able to reach my level if he doesn't grow on his own." The man spoke in hushed tones. There was reluctance, sadness, rage, and disdain. His tone was erratic.

"But that is not what I want. I want Mike to surpass you. Consider this low-level planet. People had to walk or ride on wagons to convey themselves hundreds of years ago. It would take several days. However, it will now only take a few minutes. That's the evolution."

"I also want Mike to grow up. He doesn't have to rise to your level. He must outperform you. His foes are more powerful than your foes. His fate is more severe than yours. While you bear the load of one race, he bears the burden of everything that has ever existed."

"He is the one who has been selected, Michel. And he needs to understand that. I want him to have fun, but he isn't taking anything seriously. He just goes around, flirts with more ladies, fucks them, and works on his cultivation. That's all for now! But not in the future!"

"When you reached the Emperor Realm, you slaughtered Lesser Divinity. I want him to take the same action I did. But I want him to annihilate Void Immortals. Only then will he be able to outperform you. We both know, Michel, that we didn't stand a chance at the time."

"Even if you have gotten stronger, you will not be able to resurrect him from his reincarnation. He grew up like any other kid. He remembered his past existence, but he didn't stand out or do anything extraordinary to change fate."

"No, he didn't do anything. And now he's fallen into the maniac's traps. You know what that maniac is up to, don't you? He wishes to destroy the entire multiverse. And he has planted the seed in his daughter as a result."

"She has inherited the 'True Evil God Bloodline.' She is also my first daughter-in-law. I'm powerless to kill her or do anything else. As a result, Mike became a part of his plan. Mike's fate was dramatically altered by that madman. He changed everything, and we have no idea what will happen next."

"That is why Mike must strengthen himself, Michel. And you are the only one who can teach him. Yes, Tiger is a talented young man, but that's not enough. I'd like you to come back. Before he asks, let us tell him everything."

"He was able to keep his emotions in check. I believe he can pull it off. So let us just tell him and assist him in growing. You must teach him how to properly wield God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence. That is the only method to limit the growth of Creators and Celestials."

"Didn't you develop this technology for that purpose? Mike can also assist you. Have faith in him, have faith in our son!" When he heard her remarks, the man in the hologram sighed and added, "I just replicated it."

"No, you made it up, damn it. The essence generated by the Celestial Race's first progenitor was destroyed by the Devil God Atharos. And that essence was never intended to kill celestials. It was just made to kill their creations the Angel Race and Devil Race. But, that essence can still kill the celestials."

"The Devil Race used that essence to assassinate Celestial. The Angel Race used all of their might to imprison the Devil God Atharos. You developed that technique so that when that demon god gains power, you will be able to use it. You altered the essence and developed a technique."

"And now, Mike is employing that technique to eliminate Atharos before he gains power. Your son is carrying out your wishes. So have faith in him! He is the only one who can actually assist us in reaching our goals. I didn't want to be cursed as a result of my incredible creation."

"However, I was helpless. My bloodline had reached its limit. And it backfired on me because my bloodline couldn't handle it. You're waiting for me outside. I know you intend to leave everything behind once I am free of the curse. But guess what? I no longer want to do it."

"Even if Mike helps me get rid of this, I'm sticking with him. I treated him as if he were a mother, but I didn't show him that affection. And now I really want to do it. I want to be there for him as his mother." Elizabeth crossed her arms and spoke with a commanding tone.

Michel's eyes twitched as he hurriedly inquired, "Don't tell me you were using your powers the whole time?" You're going through all of this trouble just to snoop on him? You're well aware that your curse will be activated the instant you employ your ability. That's why I didn't bring you with me."

"I don't want you to go through that. Please, please, please stop doing that! Your body will stay in its most vulnerable form if you use your power. Even a regular person can kill you!"

Elizabeth simply smiled and caressed her bracelet when she heard his remarks. "No, not anymore! My son is guarding me."

"You???" Michel couldn't stop himself from clenching his fist. At this point, he could smell jealousy.

"Don't be obstinate, Michel. Simply send your clone and assist him in growing stronger." Elizabeth frowned and yelled at his naiveté.

Michel tightened his hand even tighter. He didn't want to confront Mike. He was terrified of murdering him. Souls are like treasures that must be guarded by every celestial. And if you notice someone's jewel being stolen, you must seek assistance.

And it's even worse when that soul is his own son's. He was expecting something. He had trained his soul to be the greatest it could be so that his son would inherit this ability. But he had watched his son's soul pass across the reincarnation bridge.

A child's soul who was born for only one day. There's no way he wouldn't be upset about it.

At this moment,

Olive, who was standing outside, heard everything. Her head was shattered to pieces because she couldn't believe what she had just heard. After hearing Michel's response, she quietly retreated.

Inside the Building,

"Yeah! This is it..." Lauren sat on the blue mark, while Demon King Atharos stood atop a glowing red mark. Lauren was glowing with holy light at the time, while Demon King was being consumed by darkness. His powers were rapidly growing.

Bang!

But then a fist struck a punch in his armor's face. Lightning flashed from the fist, striking Atharos. As he collided with the lightning fist, the impact of the strike knocked him out of the red mark.

"Hello, ugly armor dude, I've come to hunt you down."

"You??" As he attempted to stand, Demon King Atharos smacked his palm on the ground. He clenched his teeth as he saw Mike standing in front of him. When he saw simply Mike in front of him, his voice quivered.

"H—-How c—you defeat them alone? Impossible! It's not possible! Your soul isn't strong. That essence was annihilated by me. Did you put a seal on them? Perhaps! No, that is the only possible explanation."

Whoosh!

Bang!

Mike materialized above the barely standing Atharos and hammered a fist through his armor. He imbued his fist with blue brutal essence this time. Atharos was smashed on the ground, unable to stand. Mike crouched as he knocked the armor and inquired.

"What are you mumbling about, Ugly Head?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You! Damn it !" Mike's expression was too much for Atharos to endure. Mike was plainly looking down on him at this point. He felt a power weakening him all of a sudden. He yelled as soon as he felt that force "It's impossible! I annihilated that essence. How could you possibly have it?"

"Oh! Are you talking about this?" Mike scoffed as he stood up and coated his fingers in blue brutal essence.

"Impossible! Impossible! That essence was annihilated by me. It was annihilated by my own hands. How can you have it?" As he attempted to stand, Atharos whined like a dog. Suddenly, the armor surrounding him disintegrated, revealing the handsome man.

Mike was taken aback when he saw his expression and stated "You're not unattractive, dude. So, why are you wearing armor on your face?"

"You jerk! How can you get your hands on that essence? It was annihilated by my own hands.." Atharos was taller and more attractive than Mike, especially with his slim build.

"Do I really need to tell you?" Mike clenched his hand and swung his fist forward.

Bam!

Atharos, on the other hand, tightened his fist and punched. The energy in his hand was black, enveloping everything in darkness. As he punched, his fist changed into a dark space in an instant.

"Eternal Galaxy Strike!"

Bang! Thud!

When their fists collided, Mike recognized that the sheer strength of that dark space would easily overwhelm his attack. He seemed to have crashed in the space that he used to manipulate. The hit sent him flying across the room until he collided with a wall and collapsed.

When Atharos saw this, he did not approach Mike. He moved to the red mark instead to replenish his strength. A lightning bolt struck him as soon as he stood there. Mike appeared in front of him in an instant and punched him out.

Mike was currently in Zombie Mode, together with his four spirits and four domains. As he destroyed the Demon King Atharos with his fist, a golden spear emerged in his hand. His body went dozens of meters and materialized in front of Atharos as he took a leap.

Mike poured the blue brute essence into his spear and thrust it at Atharos' head. When Atharos notices the spear approaching, he fills his fist with dark space and catches it.

The thrust knocked him several meters away, but the Atharos was able to block the spear. Mike jerked his wrist and rolled the spear in his fist. The lightning glittered from the blue brutal essence as the spear rolled.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

Lightning bolts flashed from the spear, striking every portion of Atharos' body. Atharos, unable to withstand the lightning bolts for long, abruptly released his right hand.

Ding! Ding!

Parts of the armor flew towards him in an instant and became connected to his hand. Mike's eyes shrank when he realized the dark force permeating the spear.

'Damn! There is already one genius, billionaire, on this globe. I don't need another one,' Mike gritted his teeth and let go of his spear, which dropped to the ground. As he rushed forward, the blue brutal essence merged into his right arm.

Bang! Crack! Ugh! Bang! Thud!

Both moved forward and punched out. Their fists collided, causing blue and dark sparkles to appear. Mike coughed up blood as the armor shattered slightly. His internal organs were ruptured as a result of the incident. Atharos gave Mike another push as he began to exhibit signs of weakness. He rammed into Mike's chest and fractured his arm.

The impact of the attack knocked Mike out. He slammed with the wall and landed hard on the ground. Even with his Chaos Overlord Body, he couldn't stand a chance against Atharos. Atharos, on the other hand, did not assault him and instead returned to the red circle.

Bang! Whistle!

A gunshot wounded his arm just as he thought he had reached the red circle. In truth, he was fortunate to avoid the onslaught. When he came to a halt, he noticed Lauren standing in front of him.

"You? How are you here? You were supposed to be awakening your bloodline. You should only have absorbed a small amount of that blood." When he saw her, Atharos clenched his teeth and yelled. Today had already been fraught with far too many ambiguities.

He first noticed the essence, and suddenly Lauren was standing in front of him.

"Yes, I was supposed to be awakening my bloodline. In reality, none of my races can oppose bloodline awakening. They need to awaken the bloodline. It's almost as though an ancestor is compelling us to awaken his bloodline. And, thankfully that is the case."

"I just broke that control, you see. Someone performed a spell on me a few days ago, saying that no matter who it is, they will not be able to control my mind. So, after taking the blood inside my body, I effortlessly stopped the bloodline awakening."

"I can now awaken it whenever I choose, and you won't have the power to break the seal." Lauren raised her fists as the blue scales coated her entire body.

"Humph! I don't care how you managed to break free from the lineage and awaken. But I still have other options for reawakening it." As he said this, Atharos placed his foot on the ground and went towards Lauren. His quickness caught her off guard.

Snap!

Suddenly, Lauren disappeared and Mike appeared in front of the guy. His head was bleeding along with his body but there was excitement on his face. The blue brute essence, three spirits, four domains, combined together at his fist.

"Hey, ugly head! Remember me!"

Bang! Bang!

Mike smashed his fist on the cheeks of Atharos while Atharos also smashed a punch on Mike's cheeks.

Snap!

Mike abruptly vanished as Lauren arrived in front of him. As she punched his right chest, her entire arm was encased in blue scales.

'Pow!' 'Pow!' 'Pow!'

Atharos lost his balance for a brief while but quickly regained his footing. He kicks Lauren's cheeks while infusing his evil energy into his leg.

Snap!

Mike, though, appears above him. Mike pumps lightning into his feet and kicks down straight. He kicked so quickly that Atharos didn't even have time to evade it. Atharos was knocked to the ground by the kick.

"Devil's Howl!"

When he was down, though, he let out a powerful cry. Mike was blown to the ceilings by the intensity. Mike collapsed to the ground, suffering severe injuries. Atharos suddenly rises up and roars.

"Devil's Secret Technique- Dark Dimension!"

An enormous burst of energy rushed through his body in an instant. Atharos fused the energy with his physical body, healing most of his wounds. When Mike saw this, he didn't hesitate to guzzle down Health Potions one after the other.

He also used Power Potion at the same time. He did, in fact, utilize those the last time. It was almost gone now. Power Potions were the major reason he was able to keep Atharos at bay for so long.

She was confident that everything would go smoothly. But she had no idea Atharos had such a powerful trump card. And now, with his dark dimension, he may borrow as much energy as he wants.

Celestials created the Devil Race and the Angel Race in violation of the universe's laws. They were obliged to exterminate their creations. When the Devil Race and Angel Race discovered the truth, they made a radically different decision. While the Angel Race was about to die, the Devil Race retaliated.

The Dark Dimension is where the majority of the evil energy resides. It is also the home of a slew of evil animals. And the energy within the Dark Dimension is ideal for the Devil Race. As a result, the Devil Race joined forces with the Dark Dimension, taking their energies and fighting against the celestials and Angel Race.

Because they were Celestials' creations, none of the other races, such as Creators, assisted them. Many worlds and billions of animals died as a result of the war's impact alone. The Celestials were compelled to flee.

And the Angel Race gave their lives to seal Atharos. Even before the conflict began, he destroyed or took its essence for himself. They couldn't kill him or overcome him without that essence. However, he was able to slay celestials because he was confining the essence within himself with the power of the Dark Dimension.

Tap!

Mike suddenly patted her shoulder and whispered "Leave right now! Run as far as you possibly can. I'm not going to hold back this time."

Lauren could only see Mike's piercing glare when she turned her head. Mike was staring at Atharos with lethal intensity. Lauren nods and dashes away.

When Atharos saw this, he dashed towards her.

Bang!

"Stay right here!" Mike appeared out of nowhere above him and kicked him. Atharos obstructed it with his forearms and took a few steps back. "Do you think you can hold me back?" he asked, staring at Mike.

"Originally, I intended to use this against those four. But you're a fighter. So I don't have to be concerned about holding back." Suddenly, lightning struck his eyes. The blue lightning flashed around him again, but this time it was different.

Each lightning bolt created six feet deep hole on the ground. Mike raised his head slowly as blue lightning flashed in his eyes once more.

"Right here, right now, I am going to surpass you," he declared, raising his hand.

"God of Sex Version 2.0- Godspeed Mode!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few days ago,

"Hey Alena, I noticed you manipulating the lightning in an unusual way. Your speed was excellent. So I was curious how you used the lightning to increase your speed." Mike entered Alena's room and inquired.

"I believe you are mistaken. I was making use of my genetic potential. But, if you're curious. I can tell you a little bit about it. Lightning has the ability to travel at the speed of light. However, not every lightning can do this, especially if you are weak."

"When I use my gene talent, I can forge an odd link to a place called Speedforce Dimension.  That dimension is brimming with lightning, and my genetic race is known as the Lightning Speedforce.. It can give you superhuman strength, rapid reflexes, quick thinking, and great power.

"You can train the speed force to accelerate yourself until you achieve Light Speed. Our initial speed can reach up to 5 Mach because we are already strong enough as cultivators. That's just at normal speed. You can boost it by using greater speed force as well as more control."

"However, regulating the speed force is difficult, especially for individuals who have not been altered with speed force. Even if you get it, you won't be able to train it easily. Accessing speed force is significantly more difficult. Despite the fact that the Speedforce Dimension is already everywhere, you can't enter it unless you have good spatial control."

"Which I have." Mike abruptly interrupted her with his pompous pose.

"And also the ability to breach the barrier that separates our reality from the speed force dimension. And you have that as well in your arsenal." Alena explained with a sigh.

"What do you mean, brute force?" Mike was initially perplexed, but he quickly grasped the concept.

"Yeah, and you have lightning to channel the speed power within your body as well. Godspeed Unicorn, you see, is born with Lightning Ability, which allows them to borrow speed force from the Speedforce Dimension." Alena spoke with a nod of her head.

"Perhaps I should give it a shot." Mike nods and takes a seat. Alena remarked just as he was ready to close his eyes "Don't utilize the speed force even if you feel it. You can't control the speed force no matter how powerful or good you are. So, once you've sensed it, we'll enter the Ascending to Godhood to put it to the test."

"Alright!" Mike closes his eyes and nods his head. He tried to detect the space around him as soon as he closed his eyes. He let go of his Void Law and blended with space. It provided him with an easy way to find the place that he couldn't see with his bare eyes.

That's why he has to become one with the universe. Because he has to find spatial coordination that he cannot see simply by looking. When he employs Void Law, he notices numbers in the form of x and y coordination.

He is not particularly gifted in mathematics. However, because of his past life's basic comprehension, he knows which axis is the x-axis and which is the y-axis. And, more crucially, whenever he gazes into space. His mind creates a coordination graph of that place in his memory.

That implies that 0 is present in that space. However, this does not apply in the second case. He makes his way forward. He starts with the universe's center at 0 and then measures both axes. This, however, implies that he sees a massive numerical value that he cannot recall.

That is why he included coordination in the form string. Each string represents a line drawn from the y-axis to the x-axis. And he can alter this string by merging with the space. This is why, despite seeing the entire cosmos as a mathematical graph of coordination, he finds it easier to move.

As a result, he can use the string that is nearby to detect the string that is several miles distant. This is due to the fact that each string crosses another string at a specific point, which he refers to as the space number. Each string moves along the x and y axes.

As a result, he employs various numbers to represent the point at which both strings cross. And, utilizing those numbers, he can feel the strings far away from him by using the string close to him. Because each number represents the point at which two strings intersect.

But it was going to be harder for Mike this time. Because he wants to thoroughly analyze the entire graphical map of the universe that resides within his head. Not only that, but he must also understand the precise string that will assist him in reaching that point in space in the shortest amount of time.

The following step, Creating the Space, permits him to build these strings on his own, also known as spatial coordination. However, there are two essential rules that he must observe at least one of. He must first establish the cause for the existence of new spatial coordination, which will be established by the Universal Spirit.

And if he does not, he will face horrible consequences. Second, he can generate spatial coordination at random, but he must destroy it after using it. That's a bit of a waste. Because developing spatial coordination takes time, especially for beginners.

And eradicating them necessitates the creation of new ones. Mike's face eventually displayed a smile after three hours of searching.

After few days,

Bang!

Mike's fist appeared out of the lightning as it passed in front of Atharos. The lightning bolts shattered everything around him. The lightning bolt struck out of his hand when his fist landed on Atharos' face.

Bang! Thud!

The lightning sent him flying till he hit with a wall and crashed to the ground. When he tried to walk, he noticed that time was moving slowly around him. A fist was thrown in his face before he could even get on his feet.

Bang!

Mike appeared behind him and punched him in the head, causing his jaws to twitch in slow motion. But, all of a sudden, Atharos' finger fired a burst of powerful energy that slammed into his gut.

Boom!

When the energy struck Mike's gut, it erupted, devouring Mike inside. This was no ordinary explosion. The dark flames were so intense that the ground began to burn. A bolt of lightning strikes Atharos from above as Mike unleashes his four domains and entirely extinguishes the dark flames.

"You are not my opponent in this mode. So, you will lose." Mike wasn't in a hurry to go, despite the fact that he could see the entire area crumbling due to the lightning bolts. He gathered the blue lightning in his fist and hit his opponent in the chest.

Boom!

His blow was so tremendous that the ground underneath them collapsed. The lightning didn't stay in the room and moved past them. However, lightning moved away since it had landed on Atharos. Because Atharos stopped that punch, it dispersed.

He glanced at Mike coldly and remarked, "Brat, you're thousands of years early to win."

The next thing he knew, he was lifting his body off the ground and blocking the strike. Mike suddenly fired another punch, but this time it moved slowly. Only then did Mike notice that time was moving slower around him.

"Did you get the point? This is the distinction between you and me. I've known dozens of laws over the course of thirty thousand years. And Time Law is the most powerful." Atharos suddenly tightened his fist and hit Mike.

Bang!

The punch wasn't particularly powerful, but when it struck him, the lightning that had engulfed him dispersed. That fist annihilated the lightning. It would have destroyed him as well if it hadn't been for four spirits overlapping his body.

Splash!

But then the veins in his palm burst and a river of dark blood spilled out. Atharos muttered as he gazed at his palm "I forgot I couldn't utilize two laws at once. It doesn't really matter. I still have a chance."

With that, Atharos let go of Mike's hand and walked away a few meters. The punch's impact was the only thing that sent Mike flying. At this point, Mike sensed that Atharos' strength had grown in some way.

'Well, I wouldn't expect anything less from a creature that's been around for thirty thousand years.' But this is not the moment to admire my adversary. I have to find a way to beat him.' He ran at him, releasing the red brute essence and blue brutal essence from both hands.

Atharos rushed towards Mike, his hands cloaked in dark space. Mike punched out as Atharos blocked it with his hand when they both stretched in front of each other. However, red and blue energy gradually released and combined.

Boom!

"Chaos Scripture- Yin-Yang Explosion"

A tremendous explosion overtook them in the center, shattering the room. The flames burst forth like water from a dam, spreading across the eyes. It even made it to Lauren, who narrowly escaped. She came to a halt after moving few meters away because she heard some noises.

"Jenny, you can't beat me. This is your end. After you die, Mike will be mine and only mine."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A few moments ago,

"So you showed up! I expected you to shrink and hide behind his shadow." Scarlet mocked at Jenny as she stood in front of her.

"I don't get it. Why are you so preoccupied with him if you don't even like him?" Jenny absolutely ignored her nonsense and inquired, her face befuddled.

"You don't understand, and you never will. Mike is everything to me. Even if he is no longer the Mike he once was, he still has the same dream that I must smash." Scarlet said her words with her eyes wide open and an ugly smirk on her face.

"When you wish to shatter his dream, you still say he is everything to you. Are you a moron?" Jenny inquired, her face contemptuous. She has finally found her answer, and she understands why she must defeat Scarlet..

"You won't get it." Scarlet shook her head, recalling her previous life.

In-School,

"Hey, Angela, I heard a new female is going to be Johnny's reason. You're not going to do anything, are you?" While eating lunch, a girl sat on a chair and spoke to the girl next to her.

"Hehe! This isn't something I have to do." The girl next to her was tall and lovely. She was at the pinnacle of beauty. She replied with a shake of her head.

On another side of the school,

A girl approached a boy and spoke to him "I adore you. Are you going to be my boyfriend?"

"I apologize. But I'm afraid I can't." With a little wrath on his face, the tall boy shook his head and rejected her.

"But why is that? Is it possible that I am not attractive enough to be your girlfriend?" The girl made a melancholy expression and talked while biting her lower lip.

"No-no! You most certainly are. That's why I'd like to reject you. I don't understand why girls like you keep proposing to me and then mocking me. Why can't you simply live your stupid life with the man you want instead of upsetting others?"

"I don't want to hear any more nonsense from you, like those 257 girls. Please do not bother me, and thank you!" While rejecting her, the boy gave a dissatisfied and sad grimace. He truly does not comprehend.

Girls made proposals to him. Then he says, "Please give me some time to think about it." But before he could say anything, he was interrupted. That girl returns and claims she doesn't like him and it was all a lot of nonsense. Of course, he was a tall, beautiful, and jovial man.

He also has a dream. He wishes to be proposed to by three thousand girls and eventually accepts them all at once. It's his goal to have a large harem. But, just as he was about to begin, he was interrupted. Those girls kept proposing to him, apologizing, and sometimes mocking him.

Another female approached the crying girl as she went away.

"Why do you continue to fake your emotions? You intended to offend him." Angela was the name of the girl. Her face was frosty with a frigid smile.

"Come on, let's go! Why do you worry him so much?" Another girl snickered at the crying girl. Angela's friend she was. They both had a nasty look on their faces when they got passed her.

When she heard their comments, the girl stopped crying and was taken aback. She couldn't figure out what she'd done wrong. Suddenly, a passing girl grabbed her hand and pulled her away.

"Can you tell me where you're taking me?" The girl asked, wiping her tears away with her pink hoodie.

"Just shut up and follow me!" As she dragged her away, that girl whispered coldly. She then led her to an empty classroom where she stood near the chalkboard and whispered, "Don't weep! You will just make him feel worse if you weep."

"What is your name? And why should you be worried about him?" The girl in the pink hoddie asked the girl in the white shirt and black skirt.

"Because I was the one who plotted against him before you." The girl with the white skirt talked with a dismal expression on her face. Her eyes were filled with rage.

"You??? Did he also reject you? If that's the case, why are you worried about him?" As she stated, the girl ink pink hoodie had beautiful eyes.

"When the girl who had purposed him before me told me this, I got the same emotion as you. You see, he is not a rude guy, but he was influenced by other girls. Angela meddles whenever a girl pursues him. You've seen it before. She was the same girl who said something to you as you hurried away crying."

"She is, after all, the daughter of a businessman. She'd been living the life of a spoiled princess. Whenever a girl expresses interest in him, she threatens to insult him. Johnny is a nice guy with a beautiful look and a lethal personality for girls."

"This is why you and I were drawn to him. However, because of Angela, everyone insults him after purposefully insulting him. That's why he began to reject other girls. Prior to it, he requests time." The girl with the white shirt sighed helplessly and spoke with her hand clenched.

"So, why are you compelled to listen to her? Even if her father is a successful businessman, he can't evade the law, can he?" The girl in the pink hoodie tilted her head, perplexed.

"You make it sound so simple. But there was once a girl who didn't take Angela's remarks as a threat and ended up paying a high price for it. During one of her days with him, she was kidnapped and raped by a bunch of people. She was delivered to her house the next day."

"Despite the fact that no one has shown that it is tied to her, Angela continues to frighten others with the same example. Nobody has the guts to do so, even if they are aware of what is going on. And, more significantly, she never suspects Johnny."

"She also adores him." According to our belief, Johnny rejected her. That is why she seeks retribution." She didn't notice Angela standing outside while she was speaking. Angela clinched her fist and gritted her teeth as she heard her final words.

'Revenge? No, this isn't retaliation. I'm just doing everything I can to have him all to myself. Why did you have such a foolish dream, Johnny?'

Suddenly, certain recollections popped into my head.

They were ten years old at the time. Johnny and Angela had been friends since they were children. Angela gave Johnny a surprising gift for his ninth birthday. Angela planned to surprise him on his birthday.

But Johnny told her he couldn't give her an answer right now. When she questioned him about it, he informed her about his dream.

'I'd like to have an imperial harem. I'd like to have three thousand girlfriends and marry them all. That is why I am unable to accept you at this time. You will have to wait until three thousand girls have purposed me. And they will, believe me.'

Angela dismissed his dream as a ridiculous dream at the moment. Because it was not customary to have more than one wife. However, Johnny did something weird the same year. He had a complete transformation.

He studied. He practiced. He ate. And he grew more social. Soon after, he became so well-known that many young women developed crushes on him. He was treated like a celebrity in school. Angela was furious as a result of this.

Even though she tried to stop him from doing such stupid things, he didn't listen to her. Angela realized she couldn't be any later. Since approximately 200 girls had already purposed Johnny, he was aware that another girl had purposed him.

Johnny was doing two things at the same time, she discovered. In the sight of others, he was bluntly rejecting girls, but he was also convincing the girl that he needed time. Despite the fact that she knew Johnny would fail in his dream since these girls would not share him.

At the very least, in that world, he lacked the authority or anything else that could compel them to surrender. But she became envious. She couldn't figure out why she was envious, but she knew she had to stop.

Then she began to use her family's status and position to persuade those girls to abandon him. Scarlet squeezed her fingers tight on her bow as she recalled her prior life memories and murmured "You'll never understand. I'm going to ruin his fantasy and monopolize him."

Whoosh!

As she said this, she fashioned a metallic arrow and shot towards Jenny. The arrow whirled in mid-air, erupting in a bright flame at the point. The flame morphed into an eagle and moved at breakneck speed.

Clank!

Jenny took a deep breath and wrapped her sword in darkness. She swung it while gripping the hilt securely. As the darkness cuts the blaze, her blade cuts the arrow from its tip. She does not move, instead raising her blade and saying, "That's why I have to crush you right now. Because I will not let anyone derail his dreams."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Oh really! But, you can't." Scarlet formed three arrows and shot all of them at the same time. Each arrow was shrouded with the flame. When they reached mid-way, they merged into one and burned even brighter.

"Evil Phantom Sword- One Inch Sword"

Jenny raised her sword. But when it touched the arrow, the time and space paused for a moment. Suddenly, a powerful force overflowed from her sword and broke the arrow into crumbling dust, sweeping the flames at the surroundings.

But, at the same time, Scarlet jumped up in the air and targeted Jenny. Another arrow emerged on her bow, as she channeled her ability energy on it. This time thunder and flames swirled around the arrow as it moved from her bow.

The arrow came down as Jenny's eyes widen.. She raised her sword to block the attack but before the tip of the arrow collided against the sword, thunder and flames strike made a powerful revolution creating a thunder string coiled with flame.

Bang!

The thunder string coiled with flame collided with the sword and the impact was so immense that Jenny was forced to hold the sword with her other hand. At the same time, Scarlet moved to the side and condensed another same arrow.

Once she shot the arrow, Jenny fell into a situation where she couldn't escape. She bit her tongue and pushes the arrow to the same position from where the next arrow was arriving. But, she couldn't destroy the arrow this easily.

She stomped her feet at the ground and gathered the purple dark energy into her foot. Suddenly, she released all of her physical strength swing the arrow. Surprisingly, when she did, her body didn't move, not her lower body.

The purple dark energy worked as the gum that held to the ground. The first arrow turned around as she swung her sword and moved towards the second arrow.

Boom!

Both arrows collided, creating an immense explosion upon the collision of thunder and flames.

Thud!

Jenny didn't slow down when she sensed the power of scarlet from the sky and stomped her foot on the ground. The opposing force led her to the sky as she pulled her sword along and slashed towards Scarlet.

Her sword released purplish dark sword energy that severed the space. Seeing this, Scarlet shot three arrows, each with a different element. One sword was filled with light. Another was filled with fire. And the last one was filled with thunder.

All three had one thing in common. It was light, an exact opposition of dark. Her arrows shot at three exact points of the purple dark arc. In an instant, the intense sparks spread all around. These sparks were creating immense waves of impact that pushed Scarlet towards the ceiling while Jenny to the ground.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Suddenly, three arrows once again charged at Jenny. Her eyes shrunk as she felt an immense upcoming wave of energies. She couldn't wrap her head around the reason why Scarlet didn't falter by the immense impact.

Splash! Splash! Splash!

Before Jenny could move, three arrows pierced through her arms and legs.

Thud!

As the blood spilled from her arms and legs, she released an intense amount of purple dark energy to break the arrows. After they pierced her body, those arrows instantly lost their energy and changed back to the normal arrows.

But even so, her body fell hard on the ground. She even coughed out blood as her body condition worsened. Only then, Scarlet landed on the ground and said.

"Jenny, you can't beat me. This is your end. After you die, Mike will be mine and only mine."

At the same time, she spoke in her mind 'Thanks for blocking that impact, master!'

'Don't mention it! You can't waste any more energy. Originally, I wanted to go inside her body to learn more but in her current condition, it will consume more energy for me. That's why you must kill her first.' A soft voice rang on her head.

'Yes, master!' Scarlet nods her head and creates an arrow on her bow. But, this time, this arrow was countless times powerful than other arrows. She gathered more and more ability energy into her arrow. At the same time, the tip of the arrow sparkled with five different colors.

Whoosh!

"Five Elements Lotus Arrow!"

When she released her arrow, it formed the five leaves lotus with a different color in each leaf.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Clack! Clack! Clack! Clack! Clack!

"Mike is yours? Who decided that?"

Suddenly, four thorns of the blood rose from Jenny's body. That blood belongs to none other than her. It was filled with intense killing intent and the power of the General Realm surging out from it. Four thorns pierced the arrow as it remained stagnant at one point.

At this moment, Jenny was using Blood Manipulation to control her blood. Her genes were surging with immense energy. She stood up as the wounds on her body got healed on their own.

"I can't defeat you? Who decided that?"

Suddenly, the space-time froze. Jenny held sword turned red, as the light from the surrounding sparkled at its tip. She moved at an insane speed. Her sword broke the arrow and slashed her.

Splash!

"Evil Phantom Sword- Rapid Kill!"

"Do you know why I wasn't trying to kill you? Because I wanted you to beg Mike after I tell him everything. I don't hold the grudges. But, when I promised to be his first mistress, I said. Anyone who harbors the evil intent for his harem or him, I will be the first to slaughter her."

"But, I didn't want to kill you. Do you know why? Because Mike deserved to know the truth. Yes, I can sense your feelings. For Mike, there is not a speck of evil intent. But for his dream, you are full of gloominess. You just want to break his dream."

"I don't understand what is going on. But, I know one thing. When a man makes a dream, he doesn't back down. And, even if he does, then destiny won't let it. Do you know the funniest thing? No matter how much you try to break his dream, you won't succeed?"

"Do you know why?" At this moment, she raised her hand and clenched her fist, while pointing the thumb finger at herself and shouted "Because I will make him the God of Sex. I will pave the road for him to become the God of Sex. And, that's my goal as his first mistress. No, rather it is a burden that I bear."

"Just like you or anyone else, I don't want to share Mike either. Lauren doesn't want to. Olive doesn't want to. Alena hates it. Ava doesn't want it either. Tori is a child so, she finds it very interesting. But, we don't deny him."

"Love has a reason. You don't love somebody without reason. The reason could vary from person to person. For Lauren, it is Mike's good nature to help others. For Olive, it is his reassurance. For Tori, it is his funny and sloppy behavior."

"For Ava and Alena, it is his dick. And for me, it is his dream. When you try to live for your dream, you are nothing special. Out of the trillion people, everyone lives for their dream. But, when you truly love someone, your reason to live for your dream becomes secondary."

"So for me, living to achieve his dream becomes primary."

Tap! Tap! Tap!

Jenny slowly walks towards Scarlet who fell to the ground on her front. She raised her sword near her neck and continued "I will never lose. Because, if I lose even once, his harem will crumble along with his dream. Because there are many girls like you who are arrogant due to their immense talent."

"And, they will do the same. Because once the woman gets stubborn, she will never back down. That's why I have to kill you now."

Saying so, she raised her sword and slashed down. But suddenly, her sword was frozen in the middle. Slowly, Scarlet stood on her foot and patted the dust out of her body. She looked at Jenny and said, "You are amazing, little girl!"

"I have seen people killing their brother for a treasure. I have seen a girl betraying her love for the sake of power. I have seen dozens of powerhouses standing up against someone who wants to be the strongest. But, do you know what's common in them?"

"None of those people had someone to support on their dream. That man wanted to use the treasure for achieving his dream but got betrayed by his brother. Another man wanted to be the king but got betrayed and killed by his lover because her lover got a chance to become the king of that country."

"And, that man who wants to become strongest wanted to fight the world all alone but couldn't succeed. Because they will never let a single person defeat all of them. That's no different than admitting that they were weak than that person even though all of them had same cultivation."

"The fact that surprised me the most was your mentality. You are willing to do anything to accomplish your dream. But let me ask you something, what if you have to choose between your lover and the person who gave you the True Evil God Bloodline. Who will you choose to be with? Because I don't think that person has any lower position than your lover in your heart."

Hearing Scarlet's words, Jenny merely smiled and said "You want to know my answer? It's simple! I will...…."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I won't choose anyone. I know they will collide. And, I can't stop it. But I can do what I promised myself. I will make him God of Sex before they collide. And, after that, I already know what fate has written for me."

Scarlet's eyes shrunk as she released intense killing intent. It was so powerful that surrounding was freezing. She looked at Jenny and spoke, "It seems you already know you are about to die right now, right here."

"No! I won't die. Although I know you are very powerful to remain in the soul state, you can't use your powers from her body, not full power at least. And, did forget the difference between Scarlet and us? While she is alone, I am not." Jenny smirked as she completely released her bloodline and her Kusanagi Sword..

The dark golden sword engraved with mythical swords appeared on her hand. When Scarlet's master sensed that sword, she felt an enormous power equal to that of True Evil God Bloodline.

"What kind of sword is this?"

Whoosh! Bang! Splash!

Just when she pondered about the sword, a bullet reached in front of her eyes. Suddenly, an enormous pressure cracked the bullet but it still made a sharp scar on the right side of her forehead.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Without waiting for any words, Scarlet's master shot two arrows. Two arrows passed by each side of Jenny and curved towards a single target. But just like the arrows, two bullets moved out of the gun and curved towards those arrows.

Bang! Bang! Crack! Crack!

"I can only give you a cover from the back," Lauren shouted as her bullet pierced the arrows. But the momentum of the bullet dropped just when it reached the end of the arrow.

"That's enough for me!" Jenny shouted while moving towards Scarlet with the Kusanagi sword in her hand. It was a little heavy but not when she was using her bloodline.

"Blood Whips!"

Bang! Bang!

Suddenly two wisps appeared in the air and slammed towards Scarlet. But before they could hit her, she held one arrow and sharply cut those whips.

"Your genes! They are not consuming lifespan even though you don't have enough energy to use them. How is the possible?" Scarlet's master spoke from the scarlet body as she felt the power of those whips. Even though they were weak, it was only because she was very powerful.

"Hahaha! My dad is a genius, isn't he? I really can't choose between my dad and Mike. I am helpless. One is an idiot while the other is a genius. One only punches through things, while the other thinks through everything. One wants to establish the harem with no background, looks, and only talent."

"While other doesn't one more than one wife even though he doesn't lack anything. But, do you know what makes them fascinating? Both have crazy dreams that the world can't see. And, both are hundred percent determined to fulfill their dreams."

"That's why I must defeat you and live." Saying so, she released the dark gloomy energy into her sword. In an instant, the space-time froze once again but Jenny was already behind her.

"Evil Phantom Sword- One Inch Kill"

Bang! Crack! Crack! Bang! Splash!

One Inch Kill- It was the mixed version of One Inch Sword and Rapid Kill. Using the immense power of One Inch Sword and speed of Rapid Kill, she broke the defense created by Scarlet's master and slashed her chest.

"Tch! You are strong. But, I know laws." Suddenly, an amazing scene happened. The wound on Scarlet's body returned to normal. She raised her bow and condensed an arrow. But suddenly, a bullet appeared just behind her.

Splash!

"But, you can't use those laws on others, can you?" Lauren spoke as her bullet pierced her chest. She could aim for the head but there were several chances for Scarlet to dodge it. But on the chest, there is more area. So, there is a higher chance to hit the target.

"You are being annoyed now." When the bullet pierced her chest, she suddenly lost her strength for a fraction of seconds. But when she returned, she instantly turned around and shot the arrow at Lauren.

"Dragon Hunting Arrow!"

Although she didn't understand why Lauren felt immense danger from that arrow. But suddenly, a figure appeared in the air. Jenny jumped to the middle and swings her sword right to left. The sword pierced the arrow in two halves.

"Your opponent is me. Don't you remember?"

"Uh, Jenny! If you do want to break the arrow in half, please be a little cautious." Lauren suddenly spoke from behind. Jenny landed on her foot and looked at her. One half was above her head while another half was below her pussy.

"If your sword had slightly less power, Mike would have to use my butthole or mouth during sex." Lauren's words made Jenny smirk.

She knew Lauren was just joking because that arrow would have pierced her pussy and come out of her butt hole. But she couldn't say this to Lauren.

"You girls are being a pain. Let's solve this quick." Scarlet's master spoke with deep killing intent. She released all of her energy above her. In an instant, three arrows emerged above her. And, these arrows were far more powerful than Jenny could've expected.

It contained so much power that Jenny didn't even know what to do. Three eyes shone with bright white light as they suddenly moved towards them.

"Immortal Killing Arrows"

"Damn it! It seems I've got no choice. Dad was right. If you have money, use it well."  Suddenly, Jenny throws a pack of blood in the air and the blood flows out of it with her control. The blood released intense energy that was rivaling those arrows.

"Here goes! Fifty Billion Dollar Strike!" Jenny screamed leaving Lauren dumbfounded. The blood transformed into three spears and moved towards those arrows with intense power.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

"Ugh! Lauren, hold my hand. Here goes! Another five billion dollar defense!" Suddenly, she throws a pack of blood on the ground and controlled it with her Blood Manipulation. It instantly forms a defense against the impact that shook the entire room.

The room was nearly big as five average rooms. The walls on that room shattered into pieces by the impact while Scarlet got blown away by it. The impact created by the collision of spears and arrows broke the ceiling and the ground.

The entire sky began trembling by the impact. It was so big that the people who were fighting outside heard them. They were currently on the second floor. While they were surprised by Lucas who was slaughtering his enemies like a hungry wolf.

Even Sword Demon was fascinated by the killing intent released by Lucas. He was using the lightning to perfection. Even Chris stated that he had synchronized a hundred percent with his lightning. It was so perfect that his lightning could burst power equal to that of S-Rank Innate Ability.

Inside the room,

Scarlet's master used a strange domain to block the impact after she found it was too much power. But, at the same time, she realized she can't use Scarlet's body for long.

'Disciple, I will leave your body and enter her body. I will try to control her mind to suicide. I believe there might be some defensive mechanism installed by her father. But, my soul power has been unrivaled. I can control her mind.' Scarlet's master spoke on her mind.

'But master, you won't be able to wake up for long after that.' Scarlet spoke with a worried expression. She felt very conflicted at this moment. Her pride, her arrogance, it was completely crushed.

'Don't feel sad! You still haven't released your entire talent. Once you release it, no one will be your opponent. But, we must kill her today. Because she is the seed of great evil. We must eradicate her.' Saying so, she suddenly turned into the white light and leaves her body.

In an instant, she passes through the blood defense and enters Jenny's eyebrows. Jenny suddenly pushes Lauren away and screamed "Hold her for few seconds!"

Lauren was shocked by her face. That was filled with intense anxiety. She rushes towards Scarlet while Jenny sits on her crossed leg. As she focuses on her body, she could see the white light entering her brain.

"Not! Get way!"

"Hehe! You might have defeated me in the battle but you can't defeat me here." Scarlet's master laughter rang on her mind making Jenny scream.

"No, please do not take control of my body and read my memories! I will surrender."

"Huh! Now, your words are convincing even more. I want to read your memories and understand more about your dad." Saying so, Scarlet's master instantly entered her mind and missed an evil grin on Jenny's lips.

Jenny was trying to convince her to take over her body because she felt if scarlet's master tried to destroy her brain, it would be dangerous since she didn't know Anti Mind Control Spell can protect her mind against such attacks.

That's why she was trying to lure her in. And, just a second later, she heard a scream from her mind.

"Ahhhhhhhh! Howwwwww????????????"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hello, Scarlet!" Jenny walked out of the blood defense and spoke to scarlet trying to imitate her master.

"How? Where is my master?" But surprising to her, Scarlet instantly found the difference. It was expected since her master calls her disciple all the way. And, the way she spoke was very different too.

"Hush! And, I was trying to give you a huge surprise. Well, it is a huge surprise to know that your master is dead, isn't it?" Jenny sighed and puts her hand on her chin while speaking a smirk on her face.

"Impossible! My master's soul is unrivaled in the world." Even though the facts were in front of her, Scarlet couldn't admit it. After all, her master was unrivaled in her eyes.

"And, do you know the best of the part? She died at the hands of Mike. Well, not technically him! But she died on the protection that Mike left for us.. No matter how powerful the enemy soul or control might be, as long as they are trying to take over our body, they will die."

"This is something Mike created for us. Now I wonder, who will you choose? Will it be a person that you love or someone who guided you?" Jenny's smirk got wider as she tried to rub salt on her wounds, giving her the hardest decision to make.

Jenny really doubted Scarlet's mind. She was like a stubborn child that won't bend at any cost until they are realized that they can't change anything. After all, she loves Mike as much as Lauren loves Mike.

"Why? Sniff! Sniff! Master, I promised to find you a perfect. Sniff! How could you die?" Unexpected to Lauren and Jenny, Scarlet directly bursts into tears. Suddenly, the wind blows past her face as Jenny realized something.

"Let's go!" Jenny turned her head at Lauren and moved away.

"Hey wait! Aren't we going to kill her?" Lauren got shocked by her words but still followed her. She didn't understand but her body subconsciously followed Jenny's order.

"She is dead," Jenny spoke without even looking back with a solemn expression.

"Dead? She is still alive and crying. This is the best chance to kill her. Can't you see how much she has improved in just one month? She has reached the eighth rank generally. We can't take her lightly." Lauren screamed while looking and pointing her arms at Scarlet but Jenny didn't even look back.

"Killing their dreams is equal to killing them! Do you think I will live even for a moment if Mike dies? Do you think Mike will continue living if his dream is destroyed? For us, it's either win or death!" Jenny spoke while moving away.

Hearing her words, Lauren gave a deep look at Scarlet and sighed. She turned back and ran towards Jenny while shouting "I don't understand your mind. But...….. I will still follow you, the first mistress!"

Hearing her words, Jenny's footstep halted for a moment and then continued. When she moved forward, a big smile appeared on her face.

Outside the Ascending to Godhood,

Inside the secret lab 'Project God'

"What? How is it possible? There should be still five days remaining before the completion of the third stage." One of the old men shouted while checking at the screens in front of him.

"But, data shows that her transformation is complete. She has completely inherited that bloodline along with genes and physique." Another old man looked at another screen and spoke with a solemn expression.

"Well, no matter what! We have succeeded. Now, it's only the time before we take control over the world." The last old man spoke while rubbing his palms together. He was screaming with joy.

"We should start her retreat." Just as another old man said that cracks began to appear on the test tube.

Bang! Splash!

As the test tube broke, the liquid inside splattered on the ground. Suddenly, a pair of jade-like hands caught two old men by their neck. The person who caught them was none other than Alena. She turned her head at another man and released her breath.

Instead of normal breath, she released a cold breath partially froze the third man. Alena tilts her head slightly and spoke with deep killing intent "How dare you to betray me?"

Those words were so powerful that three of them instantly lost their consciousness. Even Andrew who barely moved out felt an immense suppression. He was almost falling to his knees.

"Oh! You want to play this." Saying so, she dropped one of the men on the ground and spoke "Although I don't like to do it anymore, I still feel good when I do it."

Saying so, she inserted her hand inside the old man's crotch and held his cock. She held it hard and pulled it out.

"Ahhhh! In an instant, the unconscious old man regained his consciousness and the blood splattered on the ground. It was leaking a lot. Andrew subconsciously grabbed his crotch with fear in his eyes. After doing that to one old man, she didn't leave another.

In the next moment, all three of them had their cock pulled out by Alena. Just seeing that made Andrew tremble with pain. He held his cock so hard and looked away. After plucking out their cock, Alena sighed 'Thankfully, Mike had protected my mind with that spell.'

'But, thanks to that, I got another power. The will of that snake was trying to devour my mind but it was destroyed by that spell. And, I reaped by the reward by inheriting the power of that blood. Though, it is nothing compared to this girl's power.'

Saying so, she quickly glanced at the girl. This girl was still on that stage. But, she can feel a close burden from her. As if she has a huge mission that she must accomplish. Suddenly, the girl's eyes opened startling Alena.

"Omega needs help! Find the chosen one"

"I can feel him. He is here. You have his scent. Thanks for taking away my talent."

"Find my spaceship, you will find a chip. Open that chip and you will find a file called 'Space-Time Law'. Give it to him once he enters the Divine World. And, don't tell him anything about this until he reaches Divine World."

As her word stops, her eyes close back. At this moment, Alena snapped out of the shock and looked at the girl in front of her with surprise. She took her talent and now she is thanking her. It was quite astounding for her.

But, when she heard her words, she tried try to connect the chosen one with Mike. Suddenly, her cell phone rang. Suddenly, Andrew came running towards her and spoke while giving her the cell phone.

"Alena, Olive is on call. She said she have something important to tell you. She was calling for an hour now but I couldn't pick the call."

Alena took the phone and after two minutes, an immense shock appeared in her eyes. She couldn't believe what she just heard. Then, she once again looked at the girl but that girl had already closed her eyes.

She instantly moved away. But when she did, Andrew stood there in shock. Because her speed was close to teleportation and more importantly, she was floating. Alena bursting into another lap and shouted "Everyone gathers at a place!"

Although most of them were shocked they could easily recognize the voice. They immediately lined up in front of Alena. She looked at everyone with a cold expression, then she turned her head at the spaceship to her side.

She was still very much impressed by this spaceship. It was destroyed to the state where it could only be replaced. But, it was self-healing using nanotechnology. It was still far ahead for them. And, more importantly, when they tried to break the spaceship defense after it was healed, they failed miserably.

She even asked the Emperor of the family to break the defense but even he failed. After series of tests, she found its defensive capability was at least Saint-Level and the limit is still hard to guess. That's why even after four years, it was impossible to break it.

But now, Alena walked near it. The spaceship was in the shape of a hummingbird. She reached out the spaceship and touched its cover. As her hand touched it, the spaceship let out blue light. Suddenly, the entire spaceship changed as it became a black spaceship with blue stripes and a voice rang from the spaceship.

"Access Granted"

"Reason: Omega Blood"

"Omega disciple, please enter the Omega Flight Version 94"

Alena got startled as the door suddenly opened to her left. At the same time, the entire crowd looked at the spaceship with their jaws touching the ground. Alena slowly entered the spaceship as she entered inside, her jaws dropped to the ground as well.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey, Lucas! Look what I've brought." Lauren ran towards Lucas who was covered with his enemy while holding the sword. When he saw the potion jar with the red blood in it, he felt little familiarity from it.

But, he didn't know what it was. He could see it was like the blood but nothing more.

"Miss Jenny, are you alright? Why did you run off on your own? If something was to happen to you, I would be in great trouble." Chris suddenly appeared in front of Jenny and started shouting at her with anxiety all over his face.

"Ehh! Why are you worried?" Jenny instantly recognized Chris but she didn't understand why the strongest person in the group got worried about her.

"Ahh! I was assigned to protect you during this raid." Chris sighed and finally revealed purpose in front of the crowd making them surprised. The strongest person on the raid was supposed to protect someone else?

"Don't worry I'm fine. We have something else to be worried about. The boss of this dungeon is a lot dangerous than we could've expected. Mike is currently fighting him." Jenny spoke with a solemn expression as she spoke. Behind her, Lauren had anxiety all over her face.

She was exactly aware of the danger that Atharos possess.

"Damn it! Why did he even rush in there? We had a plan beforehand." Chris gritted his teeth as he realized the seriousness of his words. After all, he knows just how unique Jenny could be especially relating her to David.

"I'm sorry everyone! There was something I didn't tell you. And, now that the situation is way above our control I would like to tell you all something very crucial and the reason why we must defeat the Devil God Atharos." Lauren suddenly walked in front of Chris and gave a slight bow while speaking with a serious expression.

"Devil God Atharos? I thought he was called Demon King Atharos." One of them spoke with confusion on her face.

Even Chris made a Jenny made the solemn expression because Lauren hadn't revealed everything to her. Suddenly, Lauren took a deep breath and the golden light spread out of her. The golden light gathered behind her and formed a pair of wings.

"Wow! So beautiful!" When wings appeared behind Lauren, she became incredibly beautiful in their eyes. Even though her skin didn't change, her aura was enough to make her goddess in their eyes.

"I have the blood of Angel Race which has been exterminated for a long time. Our race archenemy is Devil Race. We both are the creation of celestial. Most of you won't understand this. But, please carefully listen to what I am about to say."

"Around thirty thousand years ago, Celestials broke the law of the universe and created two races. Angel Race inherited the light attribute. They were the messenger of celestials which you can prefer as gods."

"Their another creation, Devil Race inherited the dark attribute. Unlike us, they were treated badly by the celestials because of their dark and bloody mentality. I don't want to say we were good and they were bad."

"But during that time, the universal spirit compelled the Celestial Race to use the essence known as God Slaughtering Essence to slaughter their creations. God Slaughtering Essence was the sacred weakness of celestials which was created by the first celestial."

"After that, it was impossible to create it again. They must save it as much as they can. Because celestials are undead. Unless you use that essence or use the powerful soul, you can't kill them. Even if you do, they will be resurrected even from the soul."

"And, more important every celestial train their soul from the early age of three. They must train their soul because they considered themselves as a perfect creature that has no weakness. They believe their soul as a sacred ornament that they can't put a stain on."

"Back to the main topic, just when celestials were deciding whether to comply universal spirit request or not, devil race and angel race got the news. Angel Race completely accepted their fate but the devil race didn't. So, they revolted. At that time, their head was the Devil God Atharos."

"He was at the peak of Divine World. He wanted to get the God Slaughtering Essence to slaughter the celestials and angels before celestials use that essence. So, he used a forbidden technique to contact the Dark Dimension."

"You might ask what dark dimension is. To tell you the truth, even I don't know. From the memories I inherited, the only thing that I know is the ruler of the dark dimension was someone called True Evil God. He was the source of all negative energy including devil energy, dark energy, yin energy, and many more."

"After making a certain contact with the Dark Dimension, Devil God suddenly ascended above the Divine World and reached the Void World. After that, he sneaked into the Celestials Palace. You might ask why didn't he kill them since he was above gods?"

"As I said, celestials can't be killed unless you use that essence or soul attack. So, naturally, it was impossible to kill them. Devil God, being the Void Immortal easily sneaked inside the Celestial Palace and got the God Slaughtering Essence."

"But, the ancestor of celestials still find out since he was very close to the Void Immortal Realm. Don't ask me anything about the Void World because even I don't know. The only reason why I am telling so much is that all of you are the geniuses of earth."

"If we win this battle, most of us will reach Commander Realm according to the EXP we will be getting. Then, it's King and Emperor before you can enter the Half-Saint Realm. Originally, I wasn't qualified to say this but now I can say. 'Don't aim low, try to reach Void'."

"Back to the topic, just after the ancestor find out, the war broke out. Before the ancestors could get that essence back, Atharos used the power of the Dark Dimension to store the essence inside his body without destroying himself. And, destroyed the leftover."

"In the next war, he used that essence to kill most of the celestials. Those who remained were forced to flee since none of the other races helped them. The only one who was capable of helping them was their enemy."

"But, Atharos lost all of the essences against the celestials. After that, it was a great battle between Devil Race and Angel Race since Atharos lost his Void Immortal Realm. But still, Angel Race couldn't kill Atharos. They used every way to seal Devil God Atharos."

"But doing so, they lost their lifespan. Although celestials can't die physically, they can still die by age. The same goes for Angel Race, slowly their race decreased rapidly. Because the universal spirit rejected them, they got no choice but to die."

"Angel Race had many families. And among them, the family that was the most important aspect of sealing Devil God Atharos was Green Family. I am the heir of Green Family who was successful on awakening enough talent to inherit the Angel Race bloodline."

"Unless you are directly associated with Angel Race, you need to have enough talent to inherit their bloodline as a human. I and my brothers were talented enough as all of us awakened A-Rank Talent. I came to this raid because I awakened those memories after reaching eighteen."

"As I said, Devil God Atharos was a god. He has learned many laws. Even though he can't use his powers properly, he still has the upper hand among most of us. And, if he wins, he will force me to awaken the bloodline and unseal his power."

"Then, he can spread the seed of Devil Race to grow devils. I know it isn't our job especially not all of you. But, as a part of this universe, we must fight him."

Hearing her words, the entire crowd remained silent. They needed time to process all that information. Even Jenny was having a hard time accepting all that. But suddenly, one of them spoke "If you are from the Angel Race, then doesn't that make you Angel with the Shotgun."

As he said, the entire crowd looked at her shotgun and finally tensed the situation relaxed. Lauren also made an embarrassed smile and then looked at Chris.

After taking a deep breath, Chris spoke "I'm sorry Miss Lauren but your words don't mean much to us."

Hearing his words, Lauren's expression instantly darkens along with Jenny. But Tina suddenly let out a smirk as Chris continued.

"Because we came here to defeat the boss and we won't retreat until we finish our quest. ISN'T THAT CORRECT EVERYONE?"

"Yes!!!!!" The entire crowd shouted with excitement. Only then, her expression relaxed. Lauren looked at everyone's enthusiastic face with a smile on her face. But suddenly, a figure smashed on the ground next to her.

Bang!

The impact was so great that the entire ground shook. Suddenly, Jenny's eyes open wide with was disbelief all over her face.

In front of her, Mike was smashed to the ground with his left arm torn apart. The blood was still spilling out of it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Few Minutes Ago,

Bang! Bang! Bang!

In the mid-air, Mike kept punching with lightning speed but his speed wasn't much difficult to dodge for Atharos. At this moment, he was using two different kinds of laws at the same time. Even though his body was barely holding on.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Each punch releases the lightning bolt but using the space law, Atharos dodges it while Mike's speed was already decreased by the Time Law. Using the two strongest laws at the same time, Mike can clearly feel the power level of the Atharos.

"Lighting King Scripture- Thunder Hammer Punch!"

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Once again, Mike releases dozens of punches but each one was dodged by the Atharos. Even with Godspeed Mode, he wasn't able to put much of a fight against Atharos. It was incredibly difficult when he tried to use this mode this long..

After all, he wasn't supposed to use it this long. He was utilizing his current stamina to the limit. Fortunately, he had eaten a lot before coming in.

"Space Punch!"

Bang! Thud! Gah!

While Mike wasn't able to implicit the damage on him, Atharos used the space law to create a massive invisible fist. Even though he was able to sense it, he couldn't do anything. That punch smashed his stomach and made him collided against the wall.

Upon collision, he fell on the ground while Atharos appeared above him. At the same time, Atharos raised his hand and created a sharp sword with the power of space. In an instant, Mike sensed the danger from the space and raised both of his hands without even learning about the attack.

While his hands were covered with the golden luster of Kong Body and four spirits, the space sword moved down with great speed. Upon colliding against his hand, he was putting his left hand above his right hand.

Splash!

Mike couldn't bear the force of the attack alone, not to mention he had no idea about the sharpness. When his defense weaken, his arms fall down and the space sword chopped his left arm apart.

"Ahhhhhh!" For a moment, Mike felt unreal because he couldn't believe he lost an arm. At the same time, Atharos appeared in front of him and said "You lost!"

Just when these words tingled in his ears, he roared "I haven't."

Snap!

In an instant, he appeared in front of Atharos while trying to punch with his right arm. But suddenly, Atharos said "I can easily see every spatial coordination. If you don't use the new one, you can't sneak attack on me."

"Space Fist!"

He didn't even need to punched out. The space bend on his will and created a massive fist and smashed towards Mike. The power of space fist overpowered Mike's physical strength and pushed him through the broken walls.

By that impact, Mike fell several hundreds of meters away. To be exact, he fell near Lauren and Jenny.

"Mike!" Both shouted as they rushed near him. At this moment, even Chris was frightened as Mike shouted "Stay away!"

While he said that, the lightning burst out of him and made a deep hole just in front of Lauren and Jenny. It made them frightened as well but they still moved towards him. Suddenly, Mike made a sorry expression and said "Please! I am fine."

Saying so, he started drinking Health Potion. After emptying the final bottle, the blood stopped coming out of his arm. As Mike tried to stand up, his leg suddenly twisted.

"Damn!" Mike gritted his teeth. As much as he wanted to continue fighting, he wasn't able to move properly.

"You should rest. Your body isn't strong enough to move." Chris spoke to console him.

"I am fine! I just need a little adjustment." Mike immediately closed his eyes and entered the system store. From the store, he found a divine ability known as God's Acupuncture. As soon as he realized every single detail of this divine ability, he immediately opened his eyes.

Only less than ten seconds had passed. He took a deep breath and smashed different parts of his leg. After that, he smashed his upper body parts as well. In an instant, immense energy burst out of him.

"Are you crazy? You will only harm yourself if you use such forbidden methods to heal yourself." Chris shouted as he saw the energy rushing out of Mike. In an instant, Mike was the same as he was previously. But side effects of it will be disastrous.

"I must claim his head." Mike made an intense stare in his eyes as he looked at Chris and spoke.

"But, even now can you defeat him? You have lost your arm which means you have lost your strength." Chris spoke with a serious stare at the Atharos who was floating in the sky. But Mike stayed silent. He didn't know how to reply to this. Yeah, he knows he was weaker than Atharos.

But, he also knows he must fight. He must win. Only then he can surpass Atharos. Seeing that look in his eyes, Chris sighed and asked "Is this really important to you?"

"Then, figure out how to defeat him. Until then, I will hold him." Chris said as he slowly moved forward. Suddenly, Mike spoke "Five Minutes! Give me five minutes and he knows Space-Time Law. So, be careful."

"Chris, what about us?" Suddenly the man holding the hammer asked.

"You heard him, didn't you? He knows Space-Time Laws. Even with my Fire Law, I am not sure to defeat him." Hearing his response, the man holding hammer stayed silent and let Chris move away. At the same time, Jenny moved forward.

"Miss Jenny, you can't." Chris stopped just as she tried to move. But, Jenny continued moving near the Atharos. At this moment, she was overflowing with the killing intent. The True Evil Bloodline was released to the extreme.

"So much killing intent! Are you also from the Dark Dimension?" Atharos spoke with curiosity on his face. He was originally going after Lauren but he naturally understood that they must defeat them before moving to Lauren.

"How dare you?" As Jenny uttered those words, the Kusanagi Sword appeared on her hand. Her entire body was overwhelmed with the killing intent and it once again got covered with the thick bloody aura.

Slowly, the aura transformed into energy as it manifested around her. It was none other than Blood Spirit. It covered her sword. Just when everyone saw her walking near Atharos, she appeared behind him.

While floating in the air, she swings her sword which splattered blood on the ground.

"Huh!" Atharos was completely stunned by her. He was sure the Time Law was affecting his surroundings. And, he could be sure that the girl didn't use any kind of Space Law. So, what was that?

He couldn't find the difference until her sword slashed his chest and appeared dozens of meters away. Just as he turned his head back, the blazing heat made him startled. A bird rushed towards him. It was burning with flames. But surprisingly, it was created out of Fire Law.

"It seems humans have developed well," Atharos spoke while released the space law out of his hand. The space around the bird suddenly enclosed the bird and restricted its movement. Slowly, the space started shrinking until the bird completely disappeared.

Splash! Bang!

"Evil Phantom Sword- One Inch Kill"

Suddenly, another sword slashed his back. He got completely defenseless against that attack and fell to the ground. Just when Jenny moved towards the ground, Atharos appeared at his exact place and smashed a space palm from behind.

"Giant Flame Dragon!"

Suddenly, the fire law covered his body as Chris appeared behind Jenny. The fire law created a dragon-shaped fire that nearly covered fifty meters in height and hundred meters in width.

"Planet Crushing Space Palm!"

Seeing the massive fire law used by Chris, Atharos instantly changed his attack and added more space law into his attack. In an instant, Chris saw the sky falling on him. The space palm created by Atharos changed into true space and moved down.

It was like a window glass except for a lot more powerful and bigger.

"Damn! Let's fight!" Chris gritted his teeth and flapped his giant wings while moving towards the space palm. In an instant, the dragon's head condensed an intense flame at its mouth and shot while reaching near Atharos.

Bang! Boom! Bang! Crack! Crack! Bang! Thud!

The flame hits the space palm and spread all around. When the entire flame covered the space, it exploded. But the space palm moved down from the giant explosion without much damages. It pressed the flame dragon and broke it until it hits Chris on his chest and smashed him on the ground.

"Gah!"

As he smashes on the ground, he coughs out blood. At the same time, Jenny moves towards Atharos. She was still drowned on her own killing intent. When she appeared in front of Atharos, she suddenly raised her sword.

"Dark Domain! Blood Domain!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Darkness shrouded out of her body which was so dark that even Atharos felt creepy. He doesn't understand why but he wasn't able to properly attack or defend from her attacks.

Along with darkness, the blood domain covered him as well. It was so big that the entire surroundings were covered with the blood. Her Kusunagi Sword, Blood Manipulation, and True Evil God Bloodline were increasing her strength to another level.

But, she didn't understood the consequences of drowning into the darkness.

At the same time,

Mike was sitting on the ground with his eyes closed. He was trying to understand more about the

Space Law. Only then he has the chance to defeat Atharos. He has already lost his left arm but his fighting Will was still strong..

He wanted to fight Atharos and defeat him. That's his goal for now. And to do so, he must use everything he has on his arsenal. But to comprehend Space Law, he must comprehend third stage of Void Law.

Since he doesn't have the natural talent to understand Law, he must comprehend it from the book. But, he needs a shortcut. He had already memorized the Void Law. So, he just need to comprehend the meaning behind those words.

Space is everything that present. Time is the flow of that space. Space constantly changes based on several circumstances. It changes near the black hole. It changes near the planet. It changes in the empty place.

That's the space. Everything exists within the space. It has its own laws to rule. First, space can't be formed where void exists. Void means emptiness while space means something that exists. So, space must have one core thing that is coordinates.

He must understand the coordinates of the universal space. He didn't have time to go through every coordinates so, he must first understand three basic coordinates.

One is the coordinate that represent the height, another represents width, and final one represents the length. If Space Concept was two dimension then Space Law is three dimension. To understand it better, he can relate the height, length, and width between two coordinates.

And, then he can creates a new coordinate without disturbing the existing coordinates. It's like creating a cube inside a cube. There might not be much difference but in fact, it is has a huge difference. It literally makes him understand the space with the microscopic level.

And, more he understands about the Space Law, more microscopic level he go to. It can go until it reaches the end of the General Universe. Because going beneath it would be interfering with the Quantum Realm.

The Quantum Realm is quite different than normal world. There, he can't use normal basic space law. That's why he can only make the changes in the real world. But, now the problem is how to view the space from microscopic level.

To understand something from microscopic level, he must have the complete vision on that level. To create such vision, he must create something that can help him see things within that level.

Something like microscope but something that he can use with his brain or eyes. If he has to choose, the universal graph would be the better choice. He just have to calculate the x-axis and y-axis on the level of decimals.

That is quite hard. If doesn't find the correct decimal number, he can make a terrible mistake. For him, the best thing would be to avoid the decimal with infinity. That means he must go for the definite decimal.

"Hoooo!"

After thinking for a long time, he finally opens his eyes and stands up. At the same time, the lightning suddenly appears near him. The blue lightning wasn't his ordinary lightning rather the speed force. With the appearance of speed force, Mike once closed his eyes.

In an instant, the lightning release out of his body and traveled through the space coordination. It didn't have any destination. Only after few seconds, it stopped as he opened his eyes. The lightning flashed on his eyes.

Mike took a deep breath and suddenly releases the lightning and disappears. In an instant, he appears in front of Atharos. Even though he was still inside the Time Law, he wasn't influenced until he came appeared.

Only when he punched, he felt the Time Law suppression but a cold smirk appeared on his lips.

"Spirits bloom in the midst of the battle!"

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Suddenly, Mike roared in front of Atharos while dumbfounding everyone. Nobody understood why he shouted like this. But when the four spirits appeared behind him, they changed from yellow to red. The red spirit was deadly.

When all four spirits transformed into the red. His Spear Spirit had already evolved into Yellow Level spirit. But when four spirits evolved, he punched on Atharos face.

As his body passed behind him, Atharos spun on mid-air.

Bang!

Suddenly, the lightning bolt struck his body. At the same time, Mike completely deactivates his Godspeed Mode and appears near Jenny. He caught her head and puts it into his embrace.

"Wake up! Everything is alright."

Only then, Jenny came out of her darkness. While being in his embrace, her gaze fell on his missing arm and tears flowed out of her eyes. He suddenly disappears from the mid-air and appears near Lauren. He pushes Jenny to Lauren and said "Hold on! I will finish this battle quick."

Just as he says that, he stood in front of Atharos while holding golden spear. He looks down and sees Chris smashed on the ground.

"Thanks for holding on!"

Saying so, he turns his eyes at Atharos and looks at him with a serious expression.

"So, you have understood the Space Law. I must say your talent is really scary." Atharos didn't even have to say this. Claire inside his soul was speechlessly looking at the entire situation.

Never in the million years, had she thought Mike could realize the third stage in just five minutes. But, that's who he was. But, then she looks at his left side and sighed at his missing arm. It was really understandable.

After all, losing an arm is not a simple matter. More importantly, she was amazed by his craziness. Losing his arm, Mike hasn't lost his will to fight. Holding the golden spear on his right hand, he also felt the emptiness in his left.

Whoosh!

But, Mike didn't have time to feel sad about his missing arm. He missed someone. Few minutes ago, while he was fighting he heard someone calling his name. He looked around but he found no one. Although he thought it of as an imagination, he knew mom was waiting for him at home.

So, he must return and return soon. His body moved like the bolt of lightning but under the Time Law, his speed instantly decreased until he suddenly disappeared and reappeared behind Atharos. Just as he appeared, he saw in the same position of running when he disappeared.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

That's why he got no choice but to swing his body along with his spear and stab him from back. As he halted his step on mid-air, his leg kicked few lightning bolts to the opposite side while he stabbed his spear at the front.

Splash!

He was very fast and Atharos was unable to dodge it. Just as he got stabbed by the spear on his back, he swings his arm back while releasing an intense space arc. Seeing that space arc, Mike got no choice but to use his spear to block it.

Bang!

As he blocks it, Atharos moves away while applying the Time Law to his wound. An instant, his sound disappeared but he coughed blood out of his mouth.

"Gah!"

Seeing his situation, a smirk appeared on his face as Mike laughed "It seems your body can't hold it anymore."

"So what? I will destroy you in the next attack." Saying so, Atharos instantly stopped his Time and Space Law. Instead created a blue ball out of a strange energy. While he created a ball, a memory rang on Mike's brain.

"Mike, no matter how much powerful you get or how many trump card you have, you must save one trump card till the very end. And, it must the strongest trump otherwise, it won't work, understand?"

As he remembered those words, Mike looked at Atharos with smile and said "This time I'm going to end. Remember what I said, right here, right now, I'm going to surpass you."

Saying so, he raised his spear up in the air. After raising it, he started spinning it at the great speed. While spinning the spear, Mike released a lot lightning from his spear.

The more lightning he releases, more brute force gets stuck with the spear. Because he was releasing blue brute force, not the exact lightning. He continued until Atharos completed his ball. Just as he stopped spinning the spear, lightning bolt struck down at his spear.

Bang!

As the lightning creates the crown at the tip of the spear, Mike points it at Atharos and says.

"Chaos Scripture- ......."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Chaos Scripture- Strongest Thor!"

As he shouts, his spear releases the intense bolt of lightning that got overlapped by the speed force. But, this lightning wasn't normal from beginning it. It was mixed with brute force. But, it wasn't blue brute essence either.

Well, it was blue brute essence but it became something even more powerful than the current blue brute essence. Atharos also sends the ball at Mike while the lightning struck it.

Bang! Crack! Crack! Boom!

Bang! Splash!

The lightning struck it so hard that the ball cracked into pieces and exploded. The entire space around the lightning turned into a complete void for the moment but, the lightning didn't stop. It struck Atharos and pierced his heart.

Just when he thought he could recover, he found he couldn't use the Time Law or his undead body could help. Suddenly, Mike appeared in front of him. He clenched his fist and raised his hand. As he looked at the deep fear in his eyes, Mike shot a punch at his forehead.

Bang! Thud!

Atharos body smashed on the ground, creating dozens of cracks as he fell inside the crack.

Suddenly, a red screen appeared in the entire Divine Fire Continent.

"Mike Tyson has defeated D-Rank Monster Demon King Atharos"

"Raiding Party Strongest Geniuses has completed the Forbidden Dungeon"

"Blessing the Raiding Party Strongest Geniuses with the Great White Dragon Luck"

These three panels appeared in the entire Divine Fire Continent. Different screens appeared in front of Mike and others.

"Congratulation on completing Forbidden Dungeon!"

"Calculating Accumulated EXP"

"Total EXP- 500000 per person"

"EXP has been delivered!"

"Congratulation on reach eighth rank General Realm!"

As the notification rang, his cultivation improved by one rank. But it didn't stop there. It continued improving.

"Congratulation on reach Ninth Rank General Realm!"

"Congratulation on reach Tenth Rank General Realm!"

"Congratulation on reach Eleven Rank General Realm!"

"Congratulation on reach Twelfth Rank General Realm!"

"Congratulation on reach Thirteenth Rank General Realm!"

"Congratulation on reach First Rank Commander Realm!"

Just as he reaches the first rank commander, his realm stopped improving. At the same time, Claire's voice rang on his mind.

"Congratulation on reaching Commander Realm!"

"Bloodline Awakening- Conditions has met!"

"Bloodline Awakening- Initiated"

In an instant, the celestials that were killed by Mike started melting as the intense ray of from Mike on them.

Thud!

Suddenly, Lauren fell on her knees. Seeing this, Jenny looked at her curiously and asked "What happened?"

"Mike...… He is celestial." Lauren cleared her throat with wide eyes.

"You don't mean he is god, right?" Chris also cleared his throat with wide eyes and asked.

"Not a god rather a celestial. He is awakening his bloodline." At this moment, Lauren was shocked to three thousand. Suddenly, an ecstasy appeared on her face as she grabbed Jenny's shoulder and shouted "Mike can recover his left arm. Celestials can even regenerate from the soul alone. That's just an arm. Hahaha! Mike can recover now."

But suddenly, Jenny dropped some cold words on her face "But, don't get your hopes up. His bloodline should've ranked, right? After all, every bloodline has a rank."

"Yes, if he awakens first or second rank bloodline, then he can't restore his arm." As she said, the blood of the celestial rose up to the sky.

In the sky, the immense blood of the celestials formed a ring around Mike as he floated with the white light burst out of him along with darkness. Seeing this, Jenny turned her head at Lauren and asked "Did celestials created Angel Race and Devil Race from their own blood?"

"Yes, otherwise celestials can't create anything. There is a completely different race that is responsible for the creation. It is said that even we humans are created by them. And, the laws that we practice are also created by them."

"Even as a kid, they are given the power to create anything they want."

Hearing that, Jenny nods her head and keenly focuses her eyes on Mike's transformation. At the same time, Mike was completely hidden by the light and darkness. Inside the light and darkness, Mike was constantly changing.

Every wound on his body was healing at a rapid rate except for the arm. It didn't grow. And, the transformation ended after few minutes. The blood ring was completely exhausted as turned solid and fell on the ground.

Thud!

Mike also landed on the ground and the first thing that appeared in front of him was his own status.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 1

Cultivation- Commander Realm- First Rank (Third Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank)

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-1)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-1)

STR: 19000

AGI: 17000

INT: 15000

STM: 19000

DEF: 19000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+10000 STR), Super Speed (+10000 AGI), Super Endurance (+10000 DEF)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will, Spear Spirit, Blood Will, Blood Spirit, Chaos Will, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, and 13 others

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 500142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*1"

'Hmm! So, this is my stat huh! Wait, what is going on?' As he said that, Mike slowly closes his eyes and falls to the ground before even he could analyze anything.

"Mike, what happened?" Suddenly, Jenny and Lauren moved forward to hold him. But, Mike had already fallen unconscious.

....

After two days,

Lauren, Jenny, Olive, Elizabeth, Alena, Ava, and others were standing near Mike who was still sleeping on the bed. Even after two days of rest, he hadn't shown any sign to wake up.

"Mom, what is going on? Why is he suffering from immense fever?" Jenny turned her head at Elizabeth and asked with a teary expression. She didn't understand why Mike was suffering from fever in the first place. After all, he shouldn't have something known as fever especially as a cultivator.

"Can you take everyone else to the room? I want to check his condition." Elizabeth sighed and asked while turning her head at Jenny.

At first, Jenny wanted to ask the reason but she quickly understood that Elizabeth doesn't want to talk about it. She quickly signaled everyone else and left the upper floor.

Inside the room, Elizabeth walked near the bed and held his right hand. When she touched it, it was burning hot, not just a hundred but nearly five hundred degrees Celsius. If it wasn't for the fact that the mattress was heatproof, it would have been burnt.

She closed her eyes and slowly passes silent energy into his body. But just as she used her power, her face distorted with pain. An intense pain struck her brain as she tried to hold the pain and keep on sending him energy.

After two minutes, her entry body began to sweat a lot while she puts his hand back. She turned her head at his left side and sighed as she saw the missing arm.

'Mike, it seems I was wrong. I shouldn't have doubted you. Now I believe you can surpass your father.' Although she felt sorry for his arm, she wasn't depressed. She knew as long as Mike improves his cultivation to King Realm, his Celestial Bloodline will rank up.

And, then he can easily restore his arm. But, anxiety covered her face once again as she looked at him and thought 'It seems that thing hasn't told him about the creation that he can create. Just in a single day, he lost over nine hundred and ninety-nine years of lifespan.'

'That bitch, whoever was she, it was because of her, Mike lost his lifespan. If she hadn't tried to take over Jenny's body, Anti Mind Control Spell wouldn't have consumed his lifespan to eradicate her. I need to reveal our relationship quickly so that I can teach him more.'

'I can't rely on that thing. Well, even if I had held him, he wouldn't have changed his decision, would he?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmm!" "Yawn!"

Mike straightened his back in bed, sitting on his buttocks and spreading his hands. He felt deep fatigue in his bones. He brings his palm up to his eyes, attempting to rub them. But then he noticed that his left side was empty.

"Oh crap, I've lost an arm." Only then did he realize he'd lost an arm. He moaned as he gazed at his empty left side. It was strange to suddenly lose an arm.

'Isn't the Celestial Bloodline assisting me in regrowing my arm, Claire?' Mike inquired, frowning at his left hand. He was quite upset over losing his arm. After all, how can he effectively catch his women's waists while pounding them?

He looked down and thought, 'Fortunately, I didn't lose it..  Otherwise, that would have been the end of my life.'

"Host, your celestial bloodline is only of level one. After all, you are not entirely celestial. To fully awaken it, you must reawaken it nine times. However, if you awaken it one more time, your will regrow."

"You don't have to concentrate too hard on it. When you reach the King Realm, you can reawaken your bloodline. For the time being, you have various other things to concentrate on, such as these!"

Screens flooded in front of his eyes in an instant.

"Yearly Quest- Win the heart of Heavenly Maiden (1/1) - Completion

Reward- Pioneer Body Evolution*1, System Evolution*1, S-Rank Innate Ability, Ninth-Rank Bloodline, 10000 System Points, 1000 Stats Points."

"Would you like to evolve your Pioneer Body?"

"Yes" "No"

"Would you like to evolve the System?"

"Yes" "No"

"Congratulation on getting S-Rank Innate Ability"

"Host has three choices to make!"

"Fire Innate Ability!" "Dark Innate Ability" "Light Innate Ability!"

"Congratulation on acquiring Ninth Rank Bloodline!"

"Please update the system to Version 2.0 to unlock Bloodline Function!"

"Ten Thousand System Points and Thousand Stat Points have been added!"

'Wow! I finally finished it. Hehe! This is going to be fantastic. 'Begin System Evolution!' Mike's heart yelled passionately. He was overjoyed with the completion of this assignment. He not only had the opportunity to evolve the system and Pioneer Body, but he also received S-Rank Innate Ability and Ninth Rank Bloodline all at once.

"It takes an entire day to update the system! Do you want to receive additional prizes before or after the upgrade?" Claire's voice echoed in his ears.

Mike was taken aback when he heard her voice. She felt overjoyed as if she had received a large bonus check from her office.

"Host, do you still have the opportunity to construct the Skill using the Pioneer Body? However, I recommend that you build a talent after evolving the Pioneer Body. Its side consequence will be that your body will be under far less strain." Claire spoke in his head, perplexing him.

"What kind of side effect do you mean? Is it even possible that they have the side effect?" Mike understood he couldn't do much that defied natural rules with his Pioneer Skill, at least not just now. Except for the fact that he doesn't know much.

To be more specific, he understands that if he tries something foolish with his Pioneer Skill, he will pay the price. But he didn't know what the price was.

Suddenly, a screen panel appeared in front of him making his jaws dropped to the ground.

"Lifespan- Nine Months!"

'Fuck! Isn't this the same as a girl who is fated to die after the ninth month of her pregnancy? Though, most women won't just die during pregnancy. Fuck! What am I even comparing my situation too? How in the world did I lose so much time? Even if I had used the Zombie Mode lifespan, I should have only consumed about twenty or thirty years of my life.'

'I had a freaking thousand years to live.' Mike screamed in his heart as his heart was broken. Immediately, he knelt, weeping with a dejected countenance.

"It's not totally your fault, Host. Do you believe Pioneer Skill can function on its own if your opponent is a dozen times stronger than you? The Anti-Mind Control Spell used the majority of your life to destroy the soul body of a powerful person who attempted to take over First Mistress

"In addition, Sister Lauren employed it to avoid bloodline waking. Then, Sister Alena utilized it to eradicate the mind's degeneration. Most crucially, all of them faced opponents with mind control abilities comparable to that of the Demon King. That's why it took up so much of your time." Claire explained in his mind, startling him.

'Wait, Alena, you said. If my memory serves me correctly, her status has changed. Claire, please show me her statistics!' He was surprised by her status shift before sliding into profound drowsiness. He couldn't figure out why and how Alena became Supreme Fairy.

"Name- Alena Babbage

Age- 17

Cultivation- 12th Rank of General Realm (Seventh Evolution)

Innate Ability- Space-Time Manipulation (Evolved)

Genetic Ability- Lightning Unicorn

Bloodline- Omega Bloodline

STR: 50000

AGI: 50000

INT: 5000

STM: 50000

DEF: 50000

Status- Supreme Fairy (Her Bloodline allows her to improve her strength based on her age.)"

'Holy sh*t!' Oh my gosh! Oh my gosh! Claire, are you certain that the system is not broken? Omega, where did I hear that?'

'Yeah, that voice said the same thing. Omega! I was meant to be the heir to that place. So, how did she get this bloodline? Is there any link between her and the Omega indicated by the voice?'

'Now that I think about it, I recall that person putting the entire universe inside me in order to awaken Chaos Overlord Body. But I can't seem to pick up on anything. No, no, no!'

He became aware that he could see within his own body. He noticed a space near his naval point as he looked inside. It was the same universe, but there were a lot fewer stars and planets.

'So, how come I didn't see this before? Was it because I lacked strength?' Claire spoke in his mind exactly as he had imagined.

"Of course, Host! You couldn't perceive this or anything else because you lacked the necessary strength. That universe exists within you and can be utilized to strengthen your Chaos Overlord Body. At the moment, your strength is sufficient to absorb some of it and level up your Chaos Overlord Body."

"And the system didn't make any mistakes while calculating her strength. Sister Alena has completely evolved into the Supreme Fairy. Even for you, her bloodline can be referred to as the pinnacle level bloodline. It is unquestionably superior to your Celestial Bloodline."

"Of course, it can't compete with your Chaos Overlord Body. When you evolve the Chaos Overlord Body, you'll realize why I stated it. So, what are your plans?" Claire inquired, her thoughts racing with possibilities.

Mike, after all, had a lot on his plate. He has the ability to evolve Pioneer Body. He might also be able to evolve Chaos Overlord Body. And he may even decide to halt everything and evolve the system. That's exactly what he did when he said, "System Upgrade!"

Claire's voice echoed once again with his words.

"System Upgrade- Initiated!"

"Time Remaining: 23 hours, 59 minutes, 58 seconds!"

"Huh! I think I should eat something. Even though my strength has increased, my body has become quite sluggish. I don't have a single ounce of stamina." Mike mumbled as he opened the door with his right hand, narrowly missing his left arm once more.

'Wasn't I incredibly excited? But I'm not sure I understand the reason. Why? Why was I so enthralled by a war that cost me my arm? And, why.....why don't I have any remorse over losing my arm?' Mike had no idea, but he was gradually changing. However, a smile quickly formed on his lips.

'My dream! No, it's my journey to a dream. That adventure, yeah.' He bit his lower lip and stroked his heart when he stated this.

'It's throbbing so fiercely. I guess I was really looking forward to this.' Suddenly, his gaze was drawn to the window near the ceiling, and he said, 'Four geniuses! No, higher world! Universe, Multiverse I'm coming.'

'This will be my most exciting adventure.' He went away with a gleaming sparkle in his eyes as he stated this.

"Mike!!!!" Hundreds of ladies rushed into his hug as he moved to the lower floor. He realized he only had one arm as he spread it. He bit his lip, but he still tried to hide them as much as he could.

Growl!!!!

Mike's stomach churned as he realized he was entirely eclipsed by the ladies. Those ladies abruptly departed his embrace, just as he believed he wouldn't get a chance to speak.

"Mike, brace yourself! We're going to prepare the world's best meal." Jenny said proudly as she stood in front of Mike, clutching his right hand. She then let go of his hand and followed the others into the kitchen.

"It appears that your tummy is about to burst today!" Tori appeared alongside him and spoke to him while glancing at his face.

"Oh! Sure, bring it on!" Mike immediately thrusts flames out of his eyes, a determined expression on his face.

Three Hours Later

.....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Stop! Stop!"

"I can't eat more." Thud!

There were dozens of items served at the dining table, and Mike devoured each one of them. He didn't stop until he had finished the last one. However, the food didn't stop coming. Ladies continued to prepare more for him.

He finally had no choice but to give up. He was perplexed as to how they had brought so much food into the house. He went to Jenny and asked, "Did you bring the monster flesh from the dungeon?"

"Yeah, we assumed typical food wouldn't be able to satisfy your hunger, especially since you discovered that your new mode makes your stomach look like a black hole. But it appears that even a black hole can be satisfied." Jenny nods and orders the other females to cease cooking.

Jenny appears to have taught them how to cook effectively throughout these days. Though the dish wasn't as delicious as hers, it was nonetheless edible. Not to mention that Mike was so hungry that he didn't notice.

"Mike!" Suddenly, he was startled by the sound of a voice. As he shifted his head to the right, his body stiffened. He had chills all over his body when he saw a woman standing next to him with her hands at her waist and thought, 'I'm so dead.'

"Would you mind explaining why you lost an arm in a single day?" Elizabeth grumped in front of him, causing him to shiver once more. He was aware that his mother would be concerned. After all, he'd just lost his arm.

"Uhh!" He tried to explain, but the word didn't come out of his mouth. He started to talk again but couldn't explain himself, so he ended by saying, "I'm sorry!"

He couldn't think of anything else to say to his mother. Especially when he knows his mother is his biological mother. He couldn't figure out why she pretended to be his aunt. But he didn't miss anything that a typical child wouldn't have missed.

In reality, he had a better idea. He didn't have to bother about schoolwork. He would have despised studying if it hadn't been for his former life's desire. He doesn't want to be illiterate, but he also doesn't want his grades to determine his future.

This is also one of the main reasons he thanks God of Sex for bringing him into this planet. He can genuinely fulfill his dream here, rather than in his previous trick. Because of his charming talent and gigantic dick, he can aggressively attract girls.

He wouldn't describe himself as attractive, although he did notice certain changes during the bloodline awakening.

"I understand that I can't stop you from doing things that appear unsafe, but please be more respectful of your family. Mike, you are not alone. You're capable of being irresponsible. You can be a jerk. You have the ability to be a moron. We don't mind since we know that's just who you are."

"However, you must keep in mind that you have a family. And your family will always be your home, no matter where you go." Elizabeth sighed and tried to persuade him that she was concerned. She was, indeed. Even though she was spying on him, she couldn't immediately assist him.

There were two factors that prevented her from doing so. First, she was proud of her strength. Second, there was the truth.

She may easily restrain Atharos as Lord of Curses, but she is lord. Even though she is cursed and unable to utilize her power without suffering, she is nonetheless powerful. It's akin to begging Mad Beast Emperor to assassinate Blood Demon King.

Even if the Blood Demon King is extremely dangerous to the earth, the Mad Beast Emperor is unable to kill him. He is a Saint-Half. That is his source of pride. He is unable to attack a Commander.

In terms of truth, she understood Michel's remarks were true. Although she does not quite agree with him, she understands that he must confront the battle on his own. That is why she is powerless to intervene.

More crucially, she knew Mike's left arm would expand as he progressed toward King Realm.

"Don't worry, Mom; I'll look after myself." Mike exhaled a sigh of relief. He expected his mother to be upset with him. But, as it turns out, she was also on his side.

But there was one thing that made his eyes twitch. He couldn't figure out why they kept calling him an idiot. He's a moron, but not a moron. He thinks he's a battle genius, but that's not anything to brag about.

When, no matter how brilliant he is, he can only win because Atharos is weakened. During the previous hit, Atharos Destruction Law was unable to inflict as much harm on him as it should have. He could only speculate since he was weakening.

It was logical given that he was using two of his best laws to face Mike, Jenny, and Chris, the raid's most powerful trio.

Click!

"Oh! You have awoken." As Lucas walks out, the door on the side suddenly opens. He speaks with astonishment as he stares at Mike, who is sitting on the dining chair.

"How did it go?" Lauren dashed in front of Lucas and inquired, her voice anxious.

"Unsuccessful!" Lucas shook his head and approached Mike. Unlike Lauren, he was unconcerned about his inability to awaken his lineage.

Bam!

As they moved closer, they both banged their fists and cuddled. Mike, on the other hand, spotted Lauren's long-expression and said, "What happened?  Is there a problem?"

Lauren raised her head and stared at Mike, puzzled as to why Mike's spell was not working. Elizabeth sighed as she placed a little palm on this. She had put a limit on his spell.

His spell will no longer work till he recovers his lifespan. Jenny turned her head to Mike and said, "Lucas was unable to activate his bloodline. During the combat, he revealed Slaughter Spirit and activated Slaughter Will."

"Because Lauren and Lucas are from the Angel Race, slaughter is the polar opposite of them. This is why bloodline awakening isn't working: the ancestor's will in the bloodline isn't allowing it to combine with Lucas."

"Hmm! But then why isn't Anti-Mind Control Spell working? Could it have something to do with my lifespan?" Mike mumbled while putting his hand on his chin.

"Wait? What's the deal with this lifespan thing? You stated that there are no adverse effects." Jenny grabbed his collar and roared in his face as soon as she heard his comments.

"Slow down! We'll figure something out. I'm sure there's anything that can help me live longer, right? It's not like I only have a few days to live." Mike was taken aback by her words, but he tried to relax by patting her shoulder.

But then he felt a hand on his shoulder. As he turned his head, he noticed Alena standing behind him, her hand folded as she spoke. "Would you mind going into greater detail?"

.......

Five Minutes Later,

"So, that spell costs you your life if the enemy's strength is several times greater than yours? Given the Angel Race's ancestry, the lady who possessed me, and the snake venom that tried to destroy Alena's mind, it's understandable."

"After all, Ancestor was supposed to be the Higher Divinity, whereas the woman who possessed me was likely to be stronger than the Void Immortal. She appears to be on an entirely different level, despite the fact that she was only in soul form."

"As for the snake poison, while it wasn't particularly potent, it was lethal. Given these circumstances, it's no surprise that you outlived your lifespan." Jenny sighed and murmured as she sat on a couch.

"Since it is no longer functioning, we may anticipate that it will require a certain amount of lifespan to work against the strong creature. This is good news for us. But first, we need to figure out how to extend your life. Not to add, if you use those modes to their full ability, they deplete your lifespan."

"And, given the strength of your next adversaries, I believe you will end up employing them. As a result, we must extend your life." Alena spoke as she stood behind Mike. Only Jenny and Mike were sitting at this time, while everyone else was standing. Elizabeth, on the other hand, had already departed with Lucas.

They didn't sit because there wasn't enough room on the couch for all of them. And it would appear to be incongruous for some to sit while others must stand. Jenny, on the other hand, was seated because none of them cared, especially when Lauren urged her to.

Lauren's admiration for Jenny was clear from her statements. Mike didn't argue about it because he had already delegated all authority to Jenny. And it was good to know Lauren was rooting for Jenny.

"Sure, but how?" Mike rests his hand on his chin, trying to think of a solution. He couldn't rely on the system all of the time; he had to figure it out on his own.

"Holy Tree of Mother Elf, Fountain of Life, a single drop is enough to provide a hundred years of life. It is located in Elf Land." Ava spoke with a solemn expression on her face. She couldn't stop staring at Jenny.

"Does it mean we have to assault the Land of Elf? I'm not afraid of sneaking in or even battling them." Mike spoke as soon as he finished processing her remarks.

"We must fight them, and it is unavoidable. But first, we have to do something else." Jenny spoke, leaving Mike perplexed and asking, "What?"

"Form a Guild!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Form a guild, I mean, I really want to form a guild. But can't we wait until later?" As he spoke, Mike looked bewildered at Jenny.

"It is essential if we want to confront our opponent. Elf Land is located in Ascending to Godhood and is managed by the Elf Prince's guild. If we are to attack them, we must be prepared. We can't just go in and attack a guild and get away with it."

"If we do something stupid, the entire Elf Race will oppose us. That is why we must form the guild and challenge them to guild combat. Not to mention, he's the son of the bitch you'd like to smash, isn't he?" Jenny talked with a solemn expression, making everyone appreciate the significance of her words, yet she closed with a lovely smile.

"I have to crush him." Mike's bloodlust was triggered simply by hearing his name. He didn't know anything about Elf Prince till Jenny told him everything.. He had no idea they were going to attack him while he was training in the game.

His training would have been rendered useless if it hadn't been for her assistance. More importantly, he may have been hurt.

"However, it will not be simple. At the very least, you had the edge of that essence versus Atharos. However, you will have no edge against him. Instead, you will be at a disadvantage due to your left arm." Jenny's attractive smile quickly disappears as she tries to convince him of Elf Prince's might.

"Don't be concerned! I also have something up my sleeve. Even though I realized it during the combat with Atharos, my body wasn't prepared for it. This time, I want to exercise harder and build up my body's strength to be able to withstand it." Mike talked with a smile on his face, radiating confidence.

"OK, I'll leave the Elf Prince to you. However, before the battle, we must establish the guild and properly grow it." Jenny was about to continue when Alena interrupted her.

"Wait a minute, I thought Mike was supposed to be sleeping. You are aware of the extent to which his body has been harmed. Those aren't the kinds of wounds he can heal in a hurry. They are similar to slow poison."

"Huh! I don't believe I've been harmed. Except for this arm, my Celestial Bloodline healed everything." Mike stared at her, puzzled, and inquired.

"Who are you trying to deceive? I can clearly see that your brain, along with your heart and blood marrow, has been severely damaged. And, perhaps more crucially, you definitely lack an arm for the training." While hitting his skull, Alena spoke.

Fortunately, she only had to use a small amount of her strength.

"Do I? I was under the impression that Celestial Bloodline was intended to heal my body." Mike inquired, his gaze drawn deeper into his body. He couldn't come up with anything, but he knew Alena wouldn't lie.

"I will not deceive you," Alena spoke with seriousness in her eyes.

"Don't be concerned! I've got a plan for him. He's not going to train right now. Cultivation is a cure in and of itself. Let's start with the guild. The Guild is required for growth. We can't fully make our family prosperous unless we have it. Three crucial factors contribute to the guild's success."

"Territory!" "Wealth!" and "Power!"

"These three are the guild's most significant factors. We can begin with a little territory, but because it is the most popular way to earn, we must expand it. Wealth is required to manage the guild."

"Without wealth, we will be unable to support the guild members or ourselves. Power, on the other hand, is absolutely required since we cannot add territory or money without it. In a nutshell, these three characteristics intersect."

"Territory expands riches and power. Wealth expands one's area and power. Power safeguards riches and territory. We have two options for expanding our region. We can either purchase it or take it. The former is required since we do not want to instigate a problem before we are ready. The latter is significant since the territory is expensive."

"Wealth can be earned through three major channels. Sponsors, Raiding Dungeons, and City Tax. The most frequent way to gain wealth is through dungeon raiding. It is quite popular among both large and small guilds. The City Tax is a means of passive income for the guilds that own important cities on the Five Elements Planet."

"Sponsors are only a source of money for larger guilds. Many corporations, brands, and even individuals frequently finance the larger guilds for them to achieve prominence. Organizations and corporations can gain a large number of customers through celebrity."

"As for individuals, they usually sponsor for fame."

"In terms of power, there are three main components. Warriors, Supports, and the Academy Normally, a guild consists only of combatants and support personnel. However, some larger guilds also construct academies to train formidable warriors. Warrior and Academy must have resonated with all of you."

"When it comes to Support, it simply refers to everything that can assist warriors and the academy. Blacksmiths, Potions Makers, Army Generals, and Vice Leaders are just a few examples. It may be unclear why Vice Leaders are placed here, but they are there to provide support."

"A vice leader, for example, is someone who helps the boss. Vice leaders are appointed since a leader may not be able to handle everything. They also make important decisions for the fighters and the academy."

"In a larger guild, there is usually more than one vice leader. Army Generals are essentially necessary for large-scale battles. Potions makers and blacksmiths are also the guild's backbone."

"That is why we must make an informed decision on who to select. The Army General, in particular, must be strong and intelligent to decide when and how to battle. A person like Alena is well-suited for the position of Army General. But if it's someone like Mike, it'll be total devastation."

"Hey!" When she makes fun of him, Mike smacks the air. They were all listening with a serious tone, so everyone was caught off guard by this joke, and the majority of them chuckled.

"But, first and foremost, we must decide on a guild name and a simple introduction." Then she gave Mike a serious look and said, "It's your call!"

"You already know what I'm after, don't you? There is no need to overthink things. Our guild will be called the 'Harmony Guild,' and everybody who joins us must be a woman." Mike shook his head and stated unequivocally what was on his mind.

"Since that is the case, let us skip over this section. When we properly form the guild, we can go over the introduction. For the time being, let us discuss all we need to do to form the guild. Since our leader has stated that we cannot add male members to our guild, we must form a separate faction to acquire talents such as Lucas and Andrew."

"Fortunately, we can establish the faction and purchase it. I anticipated Mike would say something like that, which is why I have a proper plan for the faction's aim. Since we do not accept males. The website is the best approach for us to acquire guild members."

As she stated this, she turned her head to face the other ladies and said, "We shall have four vice leaders and four army generals. Olive Xavier, Ava Eliot, Tori Pratt, and Sunny Sen will serve as Vice Leaders. Alena Babbage, Lauren Green, Alice, and Sharley Jones will be the four Army Generals."

"However, everyone must be clear about this. Each year, the Vice Leader and Army General roles are up for grabs. The job of the Vice Leader, on the other hand, shall be determined by management knowledge and cultivation. The Army General's function will be determined by the strength and war contribution."

"In short, you must keep that position too to reap the reward. So, what are the advantages I'm referring to? We are, as you probably know, at Mike's place. We are a group of twelve. Mike, on the other hand, has fucked over twenty girls."

"You may argue that the other did not arrive. If you believe that, you are mistaken. I expressly stated that I would not allow everyone to come here. As a result, the primary advantage of having a higher rank is this. There's a reason I only invited you girls."

"Because I don't want to say this nonsense over and over again. We all love Mike, some more than others, some more than others, some worry about him, some about his dick, some notice his charm, and others see his talent. And I don't need to go through all of this."

"However, regardless of how much you love him or covet his possession, your contribution to the family is the most important. Sharley and Layla made the most significant contribution throughout those nine days, enhancing his cultivation by two entire ranks."

"They contributed more than the other two eleven. Of course, your cultivation improved as well, but that's another story. You were allowed to get here because of your contribution. And the only reason I'm telling you girls the most basic principles of this family."

"Because you girls have made greater contributions, you deserve to know why to acquire a higher rank."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"One of the most basic advantages of having a higher rank is that you can spend more time with Mike. It's entirely up to you whether you want him to fuck him all day or just have some romantic moments."

"In twenty days, our company, Yin-Yang Harmony Brothel, has successfully earned over a billion dollars. This is also because of the generosity of several major corporations, such as Blueberry Condom Corporation. That company's condoms are used in our brothel, and we acquire 20% of the corporation's sales."

"We also purchased the dungeon, and now I intend to construct the world's first Genetic Modification Institution, which will assist cultivators in modifying their genes with two separate genes. We must appreciate Alena Babbage for her significant contribution."

"Fortunately, I had already registered our family name with the Universal Council. As a result, we were awarded the D-Rank Contribution Badge by the Universal Council because Mike killed Atharos." (A/N-Universal Council=Federation)

"Thanks to Tori Pratt and our family's new wealth, we were able to purchase two parcels of property containing Dark Energy Mines. We've already started excavating in those mines.. As a result, you should expect our family to outnumber yours very soon.

"That is why you must rank higher to receive more resources from the family. I have already created a certificate indicating that you are a member of our family. To sign this certificate, you must use Tyson's surname."

"Of course, you are free to use your own surname as your middle name. Because of this, I wanted to create this certificate." As she said this, she projected a list of names with the header 'Top Member.'

When they viewed the entire number of names, they were astounded to see that it had climbed by eighty-eighty.

Mike's mouth dropped open when he saw that number. He turned to Jenny and questioned, "Is this the reason you're able to buy those lands?"

He was thinking about how she earned enough money to buy the area where the dark energy mines were located. After all, even if the mines are hidden and need extensive mining equipment, they nevertheless cost more than $50 billion.

The image then shifted to Mike's new account, and Jenny says, "This is the new bank account that the universe accepts." It can only be accessed through Universal Council Bank. Simply put, it's our family bank account. And we have successfully (earned) 400 billion dollars."

"Of course, this is not our primary source of income. We have a one-of-a-kind sponsorship for the startup. I plan to invest 40% of my earnings on guild development, 40% in family development, and 20% in reserve in case he needs it."

"Right now, we are quite close to the Commander Realm, therefore we don't require many resources. But once we enter the Commander Realm, we may require quite a bit."

Bang!

A powerful explosion shook the entire house just as she finished her words. Lauren was the first to notice the sound waves since she knew where they were coming from. She dashed into Lucas' room and slammed the door while yelling.

"Lucas! What happened?"

"Woah!"

Others were closely following her as she entered the room. Everyone in the room gasped in amazement as they entered the room. Lucas was standing with his upper chest exposed at the time. There was a pair of wings behind his back.

But this time was different.

"Are those black wings? How? What caused your wings to become black? What happened? Didn't you say you failed?" Lauren immediately grabbed his shoulder and yelled, her cheeks flushed with worry. She bit her lower lip as she struggled to wrap her head around the black wings.

"Did you possibly use Slaughter Spirit?" Mike glanced at him with skepticism and inquired. When he sees the wings, he feels a surge of slaughter intent rise from his body.

"As well as Sword Spirit!" Alice gazed at him, envious and perplexed. She's confronted Gabriel, and she understands exactly what the Sword Spirit is. Suddenly, Alena approached Lucas, her gaze fixed on his body. As she gazed inside, her eyes immediately penetrated his body.

"You? Did you awaken Sword Soul?"

Gasp!

Everyone in the room was in disbelief as soon as her words rang out. Everyone here comes from a powerful family, thus they understand how powerful the Sword Soul is.

"Did you truly awaken Sword Soul?" Lauren instantly turned her head to Lucas and inquired, her eyes wide and her smile wide.

Lucas nodded and said, "When I couldn't awaken the bloodline, you were extremely stressed. So I gave it another shot. And this time, I sought to suppress the ancestor via my own Will. I was able to do it because of my Slaughter Will."

"However, it wasn't totally due to Slaughter Will. I needed something else to counter our ancestor's Will, as much as he despises the slaughter. As a result, I used my Sword Will. And it was at this point when my Sword Believe enabled me to advance to the following stage."

"This is how I was able to fully demolish the Ancestor's Will and awaken the bloodline. But, because of the unusual power of bloodline and Slaughter Will, my wings turned black, and I can now employ the Slaughter Spirit in conjunction with my bloodline."

"You truly transformed into the Fallen Angel, dude." Mike's mouth opened wide as he peered at Lucas' wings. Mike was ashamed of himself because of those black wings and his newly altered appearance.

He immediately sank to his knees and a palm, muttering, "Why am I the only one who lacks the handsome appearance? Even a thirty thousand-year-old man has a more attractive appearance than I do."

"Hehe!" The females burst out laughing as they glanced at each other. Mike became enraged when he heard their laughter and yelled, "How could you laugh in someone else's misery?"

"Take a look at this!" Jenny giggled as she knelt down, holding the mirror in her hand.

"Huh" He tilted his head in uncertainty as soon as he noticed his reflection in the mirror. Then, while standing on his knees, he moved his head to look at other girls while pointing his finger at his reflection and said, "Is the person reflected in the mirror truly me?"

All of the girls nod vigorously.

Mike falls into tears as he sees their reaction.

"What transpired? "What's the matter with you crying?" Jenny rushed over to him and inquired.

"Sniff! These are tears of joy. Sniff, sniff, sniff!" Mike wiped his tears away with his sleeve and spoke.

'Handsome! I am finally handsome.' Mike had fully transformed at this point. His eyes were a brilliant crimson, and his hair was silver. His lashes were lengthy and thick. His hair was a little longer, and he had a pale white face.

But it didn't stop there. His jaws were impressively proportionate to his small frame. Along with his conical-shaped skull, his forehead was roughly the size of four fingers combined.

Jenny slaps her brow after wasting time fretting about Mike. Mike abruptly raised his head at Lucas and inquired, "How can the Sword Soul benefit you? I mean, I didn't see any souls assisting Sword Demon during the fight."

When Lucas hears his comments, he shakes his head and says, "That's because he never used it against you. Don't you recall how, in the end, he barely accepted you as an opponent? He was, however, compelled to retreat. At this point, Sword Soul cannot manifest itself. He must make a sword after condensing the Sword Intent."

"No matter how hard, sharp, or powerful that sword is, it will be referred to as a Mortal Sword. The swordsman will form a lifelong pact with the sword using his blood after it has been made. That means he won't be able to replace the sword."

"Even a dent in the sword is a source of humiliation for a swordsman, especially one who has forged the sword with his own blood. Of course, breaking the sword does not imply that his strength would be diminished in any way. It's only that he won't be able to employ his full strength."

"And it doesn't stop there. He bestows his Sword Soul to the sword after making a lifelong contract with it. Finally, that sword becomes his lifetime companion on his adventure. That's the Mortal Sword Believe."

"It's also broken down into four levels. The initial level is termed as....."

"Stop! Stop! I don't need any more explanation." Mike asks him to stop by raising his right palm. But Jenny abruptly removes his hand and explains, "Currently, you can only win against Sword Demon based on your cultivation and modes."

"If you confront him without using those modes and at the same level of cultivation, you will lose. So, let us listen to him out. You're a moron. However, if your brain functions flawlessly during combat. So it's a good idea to listen to him out."

Hearing Jenny's comments, he could only sigh and say nothing. Finally, he decides to surrender and take her advice. Lucas sighs as he observes Mike's reaction but continues.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"She is correct, Mike. If you wish to fight Sword Demon once more. You must have a firm grasp on his strength. He only utilized his attack once during that space combat. During the raid, he demonstrated his true might, and you were not present."

"He was only a few steps behind Chris. Of course, his Sword Soul was ineffective while he was still in the Sword Intent Realm. His Sword Intent, on the other hand, was growing stronger. He can build a sword with a true Sword Soul in it after he reaches the Mortal Sword Believe."

"That Sword alone can improve his strength by 20%. But it doesn't end there. Remember how his Sword Intent was capable of rivaling your Spirits? Your Sword Intent can learn laws once you reach the first level of the Mortal Sword Believe."

"If you thought Chris was frightening, imagine someone who has comprehended Laws with Sword Intent. He'd be frighteningly powerful. Even if you understand Space Law, it will not be enough. Because once his Sword Intent combines with the Laws, he has the ability to shatter his opponent's law."

"That implies you can't employ laws to battle him as long as he uses Sword Intent or your Law becomes unbelievably powerful. Not literally, but assume he can see through your teleportation and launch a counterattack."

"The levels that come after aren't all that different. You can easily improve your laws as well as your Sword Intent. However, in the fourth level, you no longer combine Sword Intent and Laws. You make up your own Sword Law. Of course, creation here does not imply the invention of a new law, but rather the transformation of the Laws into the Sword."

"It's a little complicated. So let's just ignore it. If he ever achieves this level, he will be unstoppable with Mortal World and will not need to cultivate. And cultivation will only increase his strength by a factor of two. According to his Sword Law, there is a potential of killing a Saint or even the Great Saint as an Emperor."

Gasp!

"Seriously?" Every girl in the room fixed her gaze on Lucas. They were aware that swordsmen are normally frightening, but this was over the top. They have never seen somebody kill Great Saint as an Emperor.

"Tsk! Tsk! Tsk! You girls are extremely enthusiastic about nothing." Mike shakes his head and clicks his tongue. Then he gets up, pointing his thumb at himself, and declares, "I will slaughter divinity when I reach Emperor."

"Sure, sure!" Jenny touched his shoulder while other girls nodded their heads with sinister smiles on their cheeks. She swiftly drew him in and urged, "Go take a break! If you want to begin a cultivation session with us, you must be stronger. Don't worry about Guild matters; I'll handle them."

"Are you aware? I was never concerned. Because I know the person I've entrusted all of my responsibilities to will never let me down." Mike grabbed her nose and talked while staring her in the eyes.

"Ugh! Just leave!" As she pushed Mike out, a hot flush formed on her cheeks as she looked at his face.

"Did you just blush?" Lauren looked at Jenny suspiciously and inquired. She didn't anticipate Jenny, the girl, to flush.

"Damn you! Just attempt to get his sweet words and handsome face close to yours at the same moment. I'll wait to see what kind of expression you have." Jenny yelled, pointing her finger at Lauren, her face flushed.

"Ah! I'd love to experience that feeling. My body trembles just thinking about it." Lauren wrapped her arm over her torso and murmured with a lusty tone.

"Yeah! Yeah!" Jenny could only fold her hands and pout after hearing her blatant remark.

"Is this the reason you ranked girls in the family?" Alena spoke out from behind, her peculiar expression on Jenny's face. Jenny is well-known to her. But she didn't know Jenny that well. Because, unlike her, her father fully dominated her.

And, more importantly, Jenny never sought recognition until she became a member of Mike's family. Now, for many of the girls in his family, she is like an invincible pillar that cannot be moved.

Maybe it's because of Mike's unwavering trust in her, or maybe it's because of her acts.

"Yeah! You already know that having a decent physique, morals, and face is the best method to win a girl's heart. Although many people claim that appearance is unimportant, if you look closely at the world, you can see the genuine difference."

"Handsome guys are only drawn to the attractive if they first locate someone with a decent moral. Girls, like them, are drawn to their attractive features. Otherwise, how do you believe Elf Prince can amass a harem of 500 girls?"

"He has a wonderful physique and a handsome face. In terms of morals, he's up to no good. That is the distinction between him and Mike. When Mike drew those females in with his morals, he actually won their hearts."

"If it weren't for financial and talent constraints, his harem would already number in the thousands. That is why I established those guidelines. Aside from your beauty and fortune, he needs talent. Every one of you is a genius, but it won't be enough on your own."

"And that is where you require his assistance. Listen up, ladies: Mike could be a moron. He is someone who doesn't care about the consequences of his actions. He is someone who only seeks pleasure whether it is a battlefield or a bed. But he is giving everything he has for the sake of strength."

"During the second round of the Genius Tournament, he stated that he needed to strengthen himself in order to protect his women." As she said her next remarks, the entire room was brimming with a fighting spirit.

"Let us show him that we don't always require his protection."

"But, if that's the case, why did you assign him to fight Elf Prince? You're aware of my strength, aren't you? As long as we face them in the guild war, I can easily take care of him." Alena shakes her head, perplexed. Despite her agreement with Jenny's statements, she was still perplexed because she was concerned for his health.

"There are three reasons for this. First and foremost, Mike will be trained. According to my calculations, Mike is still inferior to Elf Prince in both cultivation and battle strength. As a result, Mike must improve. I don't care if he unlocks additional modes or understands laws."

"I only know that he needs to improve because strength is the most important condition for him to realize his dream. Second, it is for the sake of his reputation. Elf Prince is regarded as one of the universe's greatest minds. Consider how he would fare if he were vanquished by a Mike. How popular Mike can become."

"That will immediately boost his reputation. I know you all adore him. But keep in mind why you and your friends are with him. All of you, including upcoming girls, is the reason he may realize his dream."

"Finally, you are our ace in the hole. I can't just utilize my trump card to defeat a weak individual. You are expected to assist us when we are in desperate need." Jenny nods and softly explains as soon as her eyes fell on Lucas who was sleeping on the bed with his helmet on.

"He has evolved." Jenny turned to face Lauren and said. Lauren also noticed Lucas, who was lying on his bed with the helmet on his head. They both understood why he was acting this way.

"I didn't want him to live a life like that. I honestly didn't." Lauren clenched her fist as a tear streamed down her cheeks. She resented herself for abandoning Luke. If Luke had been present, Lucas might not have changed so drastically.

He could have been playing with them or even bickering with them. However, everything changed. Lucas, too, had evolved. She had saved all of those riches for Lucas because she wanted to provide him with the greatest life possible. Everything she did was for her younger sibling.

But Luke's death had a profound effect on him. Lucas is now solely concerned with training.

"Don't be concerned! He's changed for the better. Even Mike, the moron, is evolving. Though the difference is still so minor that it is difficult to detect." Everyone's face lit up when she said those words. Jenny drew Lauren into her embrace and let her rest.

"However, if I am the trump card. So, how about you? I thought you were the trump card." Alena inquired, perplexed, as she believed her surroundings had improved.

"Me? I'm the family's backbone. If you think it's Mike, you're mistaken. That is the reason." Jenny pointed to Alena and said, "It doesn't matter if you lose.  It doesn't really matter if Mike loses either. But if I lose, my entire family will fall apart."

"That's why I'm the backbone, and I can't lose" Obviously, not in the literal sense. I mean, I can't face you and win right now. But"

As she says this, she moves closer to Alena and pats her head, saying, "I will catch up to you very soon. Because I am the family's first mistress."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Somewhere in the Western Part of the Europe Continent,

A man was standing in front of the rock. He was dressed in a red t-shirt and blue jeans. He raised his hand with his eyes closed. Slowly, blue energy emanates from him and coating his arm. The black figure appears behind him in an instant.

The figure had a gloomy appearance, with black wings and black horns. That figure was intangible since it appeared only when the man used blue energy. He opens his eyes and punches the rock after he has finished coating his arm.

Bang!

The punch hits in the rock's middle. But nothing happens for a brief moment. He takes a long breath and pulls his fist back.. But, at this point, it was clear that his fist had not even touched the rock.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Bang!

The man takes a deep breath as he removes the blue energy from his fist. The rook in front of him fractured in many places and eventually crumbled into bits.

Clap! Clap!

"It appears you have attained Blue Level comprehension of the Devil's Spirit. Amazing!" A man in a red robe moved around while clapping his hands.

"Daniel, what are you doing here? I thought you were supposed to be on the lookout for a new partner." The man spoke to Daniel as he moved towards another rock.

"That is why I have come. Congratulation! Mantle, King has finally made us a team." Daniel smiled broadly and extended his hand.

Mantle shifted his gaze to his hand, then back to his face, and inquired "What's the mission?"

"How getting cold!" Daniel laughed as he simulated a shiver. "Well, he stated you need to increase your cultivation because you'll be entering the Divine Tomb with him." That is why we must enter the Ascending to Godhood and strengthen our cultivation."

His eyes widened as he added, "And, your opponent has lately made tremendous news by completely destroying the Atharos. And then there's Lucas. He seemed to have comprehended both Slaughter Spirit and Sword Spirit."

Mantle's eyes became red as soon as he heard the words, and the blue spirit surged higher from his body. But he quickly took a big breath and expelled his blue spirit. His eyes had returned to normal, but they were still filled with malice as he spoke.

"Let's go!"

Inside the Ascending to Godhood,

A young man wandered along the meadow, his mind wandering. He emerged in a barren place as he traveled across the grassland, where he couldn't detect any form of a living person.

However, he could detect a menacing aura emanating from his surroundings. He said, "So, here is the spot he was talking about," as he stared at the Bookmark Map Device.

"Zombie King's Tomb! A figure comparable to Demon King Atharos in appearance. Although I can't fight him, I want to see how much better I've gotten since awakening the bloodline."

Lucas' hand was adorned with a sword. Black wings came behind him at the same time.

His spirits were both only at the Red Level. It was improved as a result of his bloodline's metamorphosis. His cultivation has likewise advanced to the seventh rank of the General Realm. He got five ranks evolution and three ranks from his lineage as a result of that raid.

"Hu!" His eyes sparkle with purple lightning as soon as he lets out a deep breath. During his bloodline, it was also enhanced. It was now SSS-Rank Lightning. Lauren's Storm Dragon Blood has also attained SSS-Rank.

That is why, in addition to her genetic skill, she was able to become the Heavenly Maiden. In other words, Lucas possessed no less ability than a Heavenly Maiden.

"Lightning Domain!"

"Lightning Dragon Sword Art- Crazy Rolling Thunder!"

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

The lightning domain appeared around him all of a sudden. His body reacted to the lightning in a second as he teleported each lightning bolt. The domain has engulfed the entire horde of zombies. His sword slashes the skeletons in half as soon as he moves.

Bang!

But then, out of nowhere, a zombie in golden armor emerges in front of him and slashes his sword. Despite the fact that Lucas's abilities allowed him to see the zombie attack, he was shaken when he used his sword to deflect it.

His legs crouched as he felt the zombie in golden armor's tremendous physical tyranny. He flipped above the undead while holding the blade in both hands. Another sword emerged on his left hand while he was in the air.

"Lightning Dragon Sword Art- Little Boy!"

He controlled his body in the air and released all of the lightning on his swords. His swords crashed down without emitting a speck of light as soon as he emerged a few inches above the undead in golden armor.

Boom!

The impact caused a massive explosion just as the golden armor zombie slashed his sword up to stop Lucas. The lightning scattered everywhere in a thousand degrees Celsius searing heat smashed the ground into a massive crater.

However, neither the heat produced by the lightning explosion nor the destructiveness of the lightning struck Lucas. He slams the golden zombie's head within the explosion and somersaults a few meters away.

He had to take one of the swords out of his mouth when he squeezed the head. He turned around as soon as his feet touched the ground and stood calmly within the blast.

Whoosh!

The dust and the tremendous heat were suddenly blown away by a force. Lucas blinks his eyes open and gives a serious expression as soon as he notices this. He mutters as he returns his weapons to his inventory.

The zombie stood in front of him, wielding his sword, but his golden armor was shattered.

"It's time to give it a shot."

The lightning scatters about his body as soon as he speaks that. He smacks his hand on the ground and exclaims, "Lightning!"

His voice becomes so loud that even zombies can hear it. It raises his brows and tightens his grip on his blade, waiting for Lucas to make a move.

"Escape!"

Lucas' body morphs into a bolt of lightning in an instant. He was truly morphing into lightning, despite the fact that it wasn't a speed force. A person can only achieve it if he is 100 percent in tune with his intrinsic ability.

Whoosh!

Lucas fades from vision as he becomes perplexed. His brow veins exploded, causing him to elevate his face and yell.

"HOW DO YOU DARE, HUMAN?"

The noise was so powerful that it shook everything within a mile. Fortunately, Lucas had already departed from that range.

Mike was lying on his bed with his right hand behind his head at the same moment. He was staring at the ceiling, trying to come up with something.

'Why am I falling asleep?'

'I should concentrate on that instead of sleeping.'

'My Zombie Mode promotes my physical qualities, whilst Godspeed Mode improves my physical attributes as well as lightning power. During the last attack, I was able to employ Godspeed Mode to teleport.'

'Instead of using regular lightning, I could employ the speed force to fully comprehend my surroundings. That is exactly what I did. I was able to make a portal faster and run within it as a result of it.'

'This allows me to be faster than normal teleportation. But, if someone understands this trick, they can instantly cut down the portal, someone like a swordsman. That means if my path is cut down, I could end anywhere in the cosmos since Space-Time is the curve, not round or straight.'

'In addition, if one coordinate connects the path between me and the target, the coordination near that point may connect me to another region of the universe. I need to be more careful about that.'

'If I'm not mistaken, I still lack strength in the face of that son of a b*tch and other geniuses. After system updates, I will be able to increase my strength. So, what should I design? Ahh! I forgot to inquire about the poison with Claire.'

'Wait a minute, what if the celestial bloodline couldn't rid itself of that poison?' As Alena disclosed, that poison could be the root of my deficiencies. Perhaps my angelic ancestry was not as potent as she had hoped.'

'This implies I can't activate Zombie Mode until I reach the King Realm. Hmm! What if I could make something that could both cure my own body and help me withstand poison? Wait a minute, too much medicine is poisonous. Learning medicine entails learning poison as well.'

'They can't, though, because they don't have appropriate control. But I'm not one of them. Even if the gap is significant, I can still do anything I want as long as I can think of a skill. A skill that can heal as well as control poison.'

'That's it! That will be my next Pioneer Spell.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ding! System Upgrade is complete!"

"Congratulation! Your system is now a level two system."

"System needs a reboot!"

"Waiting for Host's answer!"

"Analyze complete! Host is in sleep mode!"

"Claire overriding the system's control!"

"System reboots!"

..........

"Yin-Yang Harmony System Version 2.0 is ready!"

"HOST!" Suddenly, a loud roar of a female rang on his mind and startled him.

"What? What happened?" Mike wiped away the drool from his mouth and shouted. At this moment, a virtual image is projected in front of him. This image was 3D and of a girl. She was nearly five feet tall and had a round face.

Her hands and feet were small. And, she was wearing a small white one-piece.

"How do I look, host?" Claire fluttered around in the virtual form and asked in an excited manner.

"Wow! You can show yourself now?" Mike was astonished by her appearance. She was too cute that he wanted to rub her cheeks but he had to control himself. And more importantly, she was only a projection.

"Yeah, I can leave the system in the virtual form. Of course, this isn't an ideal way to show myself. But, it feels good to move around. And look what I can do now." Saying so, she projected dozens of screen panels in front of her.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 2

Cultivation- Commander Realm- First Rank (Third Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank)

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-1)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-1)

STR: 19000

AGI: 17000

INT: 15000

STM: 19000

DEF: 19000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+10000 STR), Super Speed (+10000 AGI), Super Endurance (+10000 DEF)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will, Spear Spirit, Blood Will, Blood Spirit, Chaos Will, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, and 13 others

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 510142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*3"

"Quest No.1- Win the Heart of two Heavenly Maiden (1/2) - Quarter Completion

Reward- 9th Tier God Rank Innate Ability, 9th Tier God Rank Bloodline, Pioneer Body Evolution, Chaos Body Evolution, and System Evolution

Time- 2 Years

Punishment- Death of Two Heavenly Maidens"

"Quest No.2- Defeat the first genius of the Universe

Reward- 9th Tier God Rank Innate Ability, 9th Tier God Rank Bloodline, and Chaos Body Evolution

Time- 2 Years

Punishment- Cultivation Reset"

"Name- Jenny Flora

Age- 17

Cultivation- 1st Rank of Commander Realm (Third Evolution)

Innate Ability- Raging Dark Demon Dragon (SSS-Rank), Kusanagi Sword [Incomplete] (SS-Rank)

Genetic Ability- Blood Manipulation, True Blood Domain

Bloodline- True Evil God (Rank-1)

STR: 30000

AGI: 30000

INT: 30000

STM: 30000

DEF: 30000

Status- First Mistress (Wife)"

"Name- Lauren Green

Age- 18

Cultivation- 1st Rank of Commander Realm (First Evolution)

Innate Ability- Storm Dragon Blood (SSS-Rank)

Bloodline- Angel Bloodline (Ninth-Tier God Rank)

STR: 25000

AGI: 25000

INT: 25000

STM: 25000

DEF: 25000

Status- Heavenly Maiden"

"Name- Scarlet Stagroar

Age- 16

Cultivation- 2nd Rank of Soldier Realm (First Evolution)

Innate Ability- Divine Star Shooting Arrow (SSS-Rank)

Unique Talent- Omega Soul (50% Completed)

STR: 35000

AGI: 35000

INT: 35000

STM: 35000

DEF: 35000

Status- Supreme Fairy (75% Completion)"

"Name- Alena Babbage

Age- 17

Cultivation- 12th Rank of General Realm (Seventh Evolution)

Innate Ability- Space-Time Manipulation (Evolved)

Genetic Ability- Lightning Unicorn

Bloodline- Omega Bloodline

STR: 50000

AGI: 50000

INT: 50000

STM: 50000

DEF: 50000

Status- Supreme Fairy (Her Bloodline allows her to improve her strength based on her age.)"

"Wow! So, this is their present strength. Oh my God! Not to mention Alena, I can't overcome anyone unless I use my God of Sex Modes. Damn! I need to fortify myself. But wait, why is Heavenly Maiden's strength so low in comparison to Supreme Fairies?"

"I mean, I see the distinction, but aren't these statistics a little ridiculous? Even if the Heavenly Maidens are less talented, they can't be that far behind." Mike inquired, his face befuddled. He didn't grasp the statistics any better because he was also demotivated.

"Then, let me show you a new feature of version two." Just as she said that Claire floated near the screen and clicks on the Heavenly Maiden section.

"Error! Please upgrade the System!"

"Oops! This was almost forgotten by me. Currently, I can view the information in further depth by clicking on the various sections. However, the Heavenly Maiden and Supreme Fairies parts remain hidden."

"You might be wondering why you didn't acquire the Supreme Maiden's lineage or innate ability rating but still got the Heavenly Maiden's ranking. So, take a look at Supreme Fairy Scarlet and Alena's distinct abilities, and tell me how similar you believe they are." Claire inquired, pointing to Scarlet and Alena's screen panels.

"Ahh! Yes, I see. Both appear to be connected to Omega. Wait for a second! I am also related to Omega, or rather, I am the Omega's heir. Does this mean the Supreme Fairies are my vassals or what?" When Mike tried to enquire further, his jaw dropped to the ground.

"This isn't totally correct, but you get the concept. Supreme Fairies and Heavenly Maidens are chosen with your best interests in mind. It doesn't matter who you are; it's your talent that counts. When you enhance your system to level three, you will be able to find out more about the Heavenly Maiden." Claire stated as she swiped those screens away.

"Well, now that you've brought it up. I need to find three heavenly maidens. It will take some time." Mike grumbled at the absurd need to modernize the system.

"No! You are incorrect. The fact that you must gain three heavenly maidens does not imply that you must acquire all-new three. You can complete the objective and requirement as long as you can assist Olive to become a Heavenly Maiden and find another one, just as you have already obtained the heart of a new half-heavenly maiden."

"By doing so, you will be able to finish the quest as well as meet the system upgrade requirement. By the way, remember that you still have a lot of excellent stuff in store for you?" Claire shook her head and gently explained, further reminding him of the reward for his past efforts.

"I would like to obtain those incentives. I haven't even defeated those four geniuses yet, but this system wants me to defeat the universe's number one genius. It surely isn't merciful, does it?" Mike nods and groans at quest number two.

Mike, on the other hand, was not on board this time. Because he was self-assured. He was more confident in his ability to improve in a short period of time than in his own strength. But then he had an epiphany and said, "By the way, Claire, build a skill that can let me manipulate the poison and also heal myself."

"OK, but first, would you like to evolve your Pioneer Body?" Claire asks, a lovely smile on her face.

Mike nods, straightening his back and sitting in a lotus pose. In an instant, his mind slips deeper and deeper into a mysterious universe. He was fully detached from the real world at this point, as his soul traveled the unknown universe.

"Hush! Chaos, why did you even make me?"

"......."

"I know you made me because you want me to make something, but what should I make? It's not like I want to create another version of myself."

"......….."

"Do you mean I have to think about you and make anything out of your origin?"

"..."

"You said you were born from two opposing forces, correct? So what if I produce two opposing forces as well? However, instead of being diametrically opposed, these two forces will collaborate. Although they can be used separately, they are only complete when used together."

"However, what kind of forces shall I assemble?"

"...….."

"Oh! You mean I should look around and make something?"

"But hold on! There is nothing around me. I'm feeling empty and desolate. Then why don't I make something that can exist and fill this void? Won't it be a creation as well?" A dark space appeared around him as soon as he said those words.

"Hmm! Why is it not working? No, it's working but something is missing! This thing exists in the emptiness and occupied a certain section of the void. So let's call it the space! I'm missing something that can coexist with space right now."

"What could it possibly be?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"......"

"Flow? Flow of what?"

"...…."

"Flow of my past, present, and future! But, what should I call it?"

"........"

"Time! What makes you think that?"

"..."

"Just because you feel like it!  ... Well, I really don't care. Then, the space and time. So, how about we create something more?"

"...…"

"You mean you want to create something that replicates you. Alright!" As soon as those words fell, a huge wide of energy appeared in the middle of the space.

"By the way, since it is also called Chaos. How about I start calling you Primal Chaos?"

"........"

"Alright! Then, how about Primordial Chaos? It sounds cool, doesn't it?"

"......"

"By the way, I have an idea. How about I make my eyes see the chaos?"

Mike's eyelids closed as soon as those words were spoken. When he opened his eyes, he felt a tremendous amount of pressure rushing out of them. A voice resonated in his head at the same time.

"Pioneer's Eyes- It sees the chaos. It notices the laws. It sees the entire world. It notices the quantum. It allows you to view everything that has ever existed. The eyes that can tell you about the future, the present, and the past. Pioneer's heir, open those eyes to view the world! Go back to the Omega!"

His eyes emit purple energy as soon as the sound fades away. However, a split second later, his eyes reverted to normal. However, there were a few purple specks on his crimson eyes and a film of purple energy in his hair.

He returned to reality at the same time.

'Wait, what just happened?' Mike gazed about perplexedly at his surroundings. He was attempting to awaken the Pioneer when his consciousness became blank, and he returned. He had no recollection of anything that had occurred between then and now.

'Huh! What exactly is this?' Mike was startled to notice a white ball floating in front of him. He becomes intrigued and touches the ball.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, his eyes closed again, and an enormous wave of information invaded his head.

"Law of Fire- Fire is the source of all destruction." However, fire is also a source of rebirth. Soar into the sky with phoenix fire, burn the sky with dragon fire, and rule the world with fire."

He was suddenly surrounded by fire. He became inquisitive and unleashed his ability energy. His ability energy suddenly catches fire and changes into a thick flame.

'Wait, what the heck was that? How did I understand the Law of Fire?' Mike asked himself, perplexed, as he glanced at the condensed flames around him. Claire appears in front of him and removes a screen panel.

"Pioneer Body (Level-1)

Rank- Unknown

Description- The body of the pioneer which the end of everything. Once a pioneer dies, he kills his own soul and leaves the body in a form of energy. The fated one gets the body of the pioneer can becomes the next Pioneer.

Effect 1: Skill Creation

Effect 2: Eyes of Pioneer"

"Host, look at this!" Saying so, Claire taps the effect one section.

"Skill Creation- As a pioneer and creator of everything, you have the ability to develop any form of skill using the laws of the world. Even if you do not understand Law, you can apply the law of the universe."

"Pioneer's Eyes- It sees the chaos. It notices the laws. It sees the entire planet. It notices the quantum. It allows you to view everything that has ever existed. The eyes that can tell you about the future, the present, and the past. Pioneer's heir, open those eyes to view the world! Go back to the Omega!"

'Holy sh*t!' Isn't this horrifying? And what exactly does that line mean? I can literally look into the future and the past?' As soon as he finished reading the preface, Mike almost spits the shit out of his buttocks.

Isn't it true that if he can merely observe and absorb the laws like that, he can literally become stronger than everyone else? However, he instantly frowned. It shouldn't be this simple. He hears a huge roar from his chamber as soon as he thinks that.

"Ugh! Why can't I grasp the Law of Fire?"

'Shit! Doesn't this imply that I can see other people's comprehension and steal it? But hold on! Alice is in another room. So, how did those insights emerge from her thoughts and materialize in front of me?' Mike questioned himself as he tried to think further.

But then his eyes sparkled with purple intensity once more. In his imagination, a scene appeared. His eyes altered and discharged the purple energy for the first time a few minutes ago. This energy was teeming with pandemonium.

It caused extreme absorption, sucking in the laws around him. And the individual who had barely grasped the concept was none other than Ava. Because of the suction, that comprehension transformed into a white ball and exited her brain.

After a few seconds, he absorbed the white ball that was intended to be her comprehension. As he gulped in the frigid air, the purple glow slowly faded from his eyes. He had no idea his eyes were so powerful.

Because he discovered that he can channel that energy whenever he wants. However, each time he releases that energy, he depletes his stamina. More crucially, he could see into the past. After all, that's what he just witnessed.

'That was a little too quick.' Mike took deep breaths as he used up all of his stamina simply to look into the future. And all he could see was himself laying senseless on the ground.

Thud!

He loses consciousness and falls to the ground, exactly as predicted in the future.

......

Mike awakens three hours later with a feeling of weakness all throughout his body. He takes out his phone and dials Jenny's number.

"Huh! "How come you're phoning me from upstairs?" Jenny answers the phone and asks him, perplexed.

"Bring me as much food as you can!" Mike took a deep breath and then hung up the phone. His present stamina has been depleted.

"Huh! Wait, didn't you just eat...?" Mike interrupts the connection just as she begins to speak and leans against the wall.

On the Lower Floor

"What happened?" Lauren asked holding a few files in her palm. There were a few ladies on the main couch, including Sunny, Alena, and Tori, as well as Jenny and Lauren, who were reading and signing various documents.

"It appears that something occurred. That moron! I told him he needed to rest. He's feeling quite frail." Alena's stare pierced Mike's room, and she groaned. Mike was resting against the wall of the bed, she could see.

"I'll make something for him. Alena, go check on him and see if he needs anything! Also, Sunny, follow!" Jenny, too, sighed and moved into the kitchen, instructing Alena. Sunny accompanied Jenny to the kitchen.

Alena quickly floated through the air and made her way to Mike's room. Her eyes shrunk as soon as she appeared in front of him.

"Damn Mike!"What exactly did you do?"

As she ran to grab Mike, Alena's voice shook the entire home. Mike's eyes were bleeding and his entire body was going cold at this point. At the same time, he appeared really frail.

Even without utilizing her strength, Alena could see his veins. And his blood was emitting steam. His bones were corroding at the same time.

Tap!

A figure appeared suddenly behind Alena.

"Pathetic! How dare he create the poison in his body without making it immune?" A harsh voice boomed out in the room. The entire room was rattled by a tremendous amount of pressure.

Thud! thud! thud! thud! thud! thud!

Except for Alena, Lauren, and Jenny, every girl fell to the ground in an instant. Lauren and Jenny dashed towards the upper room. However, each step was more difficult than climbing the mountain. They couldn't, however, retreat.

Because there was a big gulf behind them. Alena forcibly freed her bloodline and attempted to turn around. Jenny and Lauren also revealed their bloodline at the same time. As soon as they released their bloodline, the pressure dropped and they arrived in his room.

"Who are you?" As soon as she noticed the man standing behind her, Alena inhaled the frigid air into her mouth. But she wasn't sure, so she raised her head and yelled.

"Good! BUT IT'S NOT ENOUGH!" Along with his pressure, the man standing behind her escalated his voice.

Bang! Thud! thud! thud! thud! Thud

Just as Lauren and Jenny entered the room, they hit the ground. The immense pressure kept them to the ground as they found no chance to stand up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Jeez! Did you already plant your face on the ground? ........ Can't even stand?" Lauren pressed her palm into the ground slowly. Alena was already on her feet in front of them.

"First Mistress, what happened? Already going down!" Jenny's head was pressed into the ground, and Alena scoffed.

"Lookkkkkk! Who's talking?" Jenny also placed her hand on the ground. She went to Lauren as soon as she stood up and yelled, "Stop bleeding before you say anything!"

"Hehe! "Can you guess who he is?" Lauren and Jenny were standing behind the man, so they couldn't see his face. But, unlike them, Alena already knew the answer. But she couldn't figure out why this man was unleashing so much murderous intent.

"Does it make a difference? With that much murderous intent, he can only be our adversary." Jenny was able to detect the murderous purpose better than Alena. She was certain that with such murderous determination, this man genuinely wanted to kill Mike.

"Good! Will it be sufficient?" The man spoke after a glance around. As soon as he finished, another layer of pressure began to work against them.

"Lauren! Now!"

Jenny screamed as soon as the pressure touched her. Lauren nods and sprints behind her. She quickly grabbed Jenny's waist and closed her eyes. Her body emitted a large amount of ability energy, coating her in bluish scales.

But it didn't end there. It spread to Jenny's body and engulfed her. Dragons can share their scale. However, unless you completely trust the individual or if the person dies, you are unlikely to do so. Lauren wasn't gone. Jenny, on the other hand, had earned her trust.

When Jenny's body was coated in scale, the pressure was greatly reduced. Kusanagi, the celestial blade, materialized in her right hand. The True Evil God Bloodline emitted a powerful negative energy field around her.

Simultaneously, blood domain spread from her body. It turned the entire room red and gloomy while applying severe pressure to the man and channeling enormous energy into her weapon. She held her sword tightly and took a step forward with her left leg.

"Evil Phantom Sword- One Inch Kill"

Whoosh! Bang!

She was already behind the man the following second. Her blade crashed against the man's barrier, but it couldn't break it. Even though it was meant to be one of her strongest moves, it couldn't even penetrate the golden barrier the man had erected.

Jenny's heart jolted as she felt the barrier's enormous energy. She was well aware that this kind of energy could only be generated by a Half-Saint or higher. Doesn't this imply that a Half-Saint has reappeared to murder them? However, when she turned her head, her jaws plummeted to the ground.

She shook her head at Alena and exclaimed, "Doesn't he look precisely the same? Except a bit older!"

"Yes, he is the exact person you are picturing." With a sigh, Alena nodded and spoke. Jenny's mind raced with ideas as she heard her words. She had no idea why that man was attempting to murder Mike.

"Weak! Too frail! None of you are sufficient! Do you believe you'll be able to aid him with your meager abilities?" As he said this, the man increased his pressure once more. Jenny was no longer surrounded by a scale. Everyone's face was once again planted on the ground as a result of this.

"Can you assist him? Tch! Please don't make me laugh! Do you believe you can aid him with your strength? At the end of the day, he will shut you out of his world since you will all become a hindrance."

"Killed! Just thinking about them can kill you all. That is his adversary's strength. He will be pursued like a dog. You, too! You will all become nothing more than a burden." As he talked loudly on the ground, the man expressed his scorn.

Thud!

Jenny exploded into a blast of ferocious fury. All of the rage, hatred and murderous intent that had ever been in this house erupted inside. As she stood up in her foot, she put her fingers to her knees.

"Are we unable to assist him? Who made that decision? You! I'm not sure what's going on between you and him. I'm not bothered either. Dreams! Everyone on this planet has one. Only a handful of them, however, have the confidence and means to pursue that dream."

"In this world, there are two people I adore the most. My father is one of them. And then there's him. Both are dreamers, and both have everything they need to make their dreams a reality. But they won't be able to do it on their own."

"Whether it's my father or him, if they're left alone, they're both useless. Enemies! Who doesn't own one? We know our opponent will be formidable. What's the big deal? We shall outperform them. We are helpless. What's the big deal? Aren't you a wimp as well?"

"Would he face any enemy if you were strong?  Do you know what my father called people like you who see others through a vision of strength? A barking dog who can't even break the bones to eat. You appear to be superior to us, but only because of your unwillingness, deadly intent, and hatred. Do you believe you'll be able to hide the fact that you're helpless?"

Thud!

As soon as she came to a halt, her eyes slowly rolled back and she collapsed senseless on the ground.

"Jenny! Argh!" Alena grumbled as she attempted to approach Jenny. Jenny had passed out, and she was aware of this. And, at the time, she was completely powerless. Her ancestors were no longer able to support her.

Thud!

Suddenly, her gaze was drawn to Lauren, who had also lost consciousness and was lying on the ground. Her body became intensely cold all of a sudden. The man poured strong deadly intent at Jenny as soon as she looked up. She hurriedly wrapped her arms over Jenny, as if she were protecting her sister.

"If I were you, Michel, I wouldn't do that." A person emerged suddenly above Alena and Jenny. The pressure from that man connected with him as soon as he appeared. He stood almost five feet ten inches tall. His frame was thin, and his skin tone was average. He was dressed in brownish shorts and a bright top.

"Maniac! You finally arrived." Michel was dressed in a black suit and black pants, the polar opposite of David.

"How cold is it? Miss Elizabeth, how did you end up with this icy man? My wife would have signed the divorce papers if it had been her." David chuckled as he yelled, his gaze fixed on the door.

Elizabeth entered the room slowly. She strolled alongside Michel and said, "You didn't have to come. I'm not going to let him kill her."

"Of course I am aware of that. But look at that! My little girl is correct. If you want to prove your supremacy for having strength, go save Omega," David said as he slowly floated in front of Michel.

"Isn't it strange coming from a deviant? Oh my goodness! I forgot they threw you out like garbage. So, how are you spending your time these days? Attempting to assemble forces to exterminate deviants." Michel raised his head and spoke, standing tall in front of David, a smug expression on his face. He was tall, standing at moreover six feet.

"You can see! That was my intention. Not only the Deviant but also Omega will cease to exist." When he saw that arrogance, David's forehead veins shot out and he spoke with enormous frustration on his face.

"Oh my goodness! Such a spectacle would be fantastic to behold. I'm curious who will triumph and who will eat dust. And, David, aren't you a little frail to say such words?" Michel's tone was sarcastic as he gazed at David.

"Hehe! You should be grateful for my daughter's presence with your kid. Elizabeth died once with that fickle intellect of yours. Your son has the same genes as you, but his soul is not the same. That is why you should be grateful to me." David made a proud expression and spoke with a gleaming smile on his face.

"You? Why should I thank you? Your daughter was the one who stayed with my son. You are the one who should be thanking me. What are you doing, wife? Stop! Stop! I'm not going to submit to this jerk." Michel yelled at David, his face flushed with rage and annoyance. But Elizabeth gradually bowed his head, along with her own.

"Thank you for allowing your daughter to marry my son!"

"Hush! Elize, you're still cold to me, aren't you?" David groaned a look of helplessness in his eyes. Then he turned to Mike and said, "Train him to get stronger! I'll be throwing the bomb soon."

"You might also want to keep your son away from it. And, Elize, treat her as if she were your daughter!"

As he said this, David knelt and patted Alena's trembling head.

"You are a wise businesswoman, Miss Alena. In my life, I have never faced an opponent who can snatch the person I desire. But you did it. Jenny was always eager to assist me in achieving my goal. This is something that even I couldn't figure out why she did. But I didn't need her assistance."

"However, he does. As a result, she may be pushing herself a little too hard. Even if she doesn't ask for it, assist her!"

Alena's gaze shifted as she said, "I will always support my First Mistress."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When he heard her reply, a delighted smile came on his lips. When he saw her expression, he felt compelled to chuckle but struggled to do so. He got to his feet and turned to face Michel, demanding, "Aren't you going to do something?"

"At the very least, he must bear that. I won't train him if he can't even stand that." Michel spoke without even looking at Mike, whose condition was deteriorating by the second. David let out a sigh and shook his head. Mike was clearly not in fighting shape, as he could see.

He could have, but Mike lacks willpower. He isn't the type to utilize his Willpower to battle geniuses. David understands it better than anybody else, possibly even Elizabeth. But he is speechless.

After all, Elizabeth has remained silent.. It could be a condition that requires Michel's assistance, or it could simply be a support for her spouse. Elizabeth, on the other hand, wanted Mike to suffer a little this time. But she had no idea what she believed was a big deal for Mike.

Her motives for doing so were sound. After all, she was well aware of how difficult his training would be. Alena caught David's leg just as he gave Mike a glimpse. She was on the edge of passing out. Her eyes were blinking as if they wanted to close.

She was exerting her willpower, however, to keep them open. David, too, was taken aback and looked down.

"Sigh!" David massages the flesh between his brows and exclaims, "All right!" Just as he turned to face Mike, his gaze was drawn to Michel and Elizabeth, whom he regarded with scorn.

Michel was unconcerned about his eyes. Elizabeth, on the other hand, had her hand clutched tightly. She promised Michel that if she wants Michel to train Mike, she will not assist him. That's why, despite her urgent need for Mike, she couldn't move her body.

And Alena's words make her heartache even more. It's almost as if she wasn't related to Mike at all. That was the effect of Alena's comments. And that was a very harsh thing to say in front of the parents. But Alena was unconcerned.

Jenny's words are still fresh in her mind. In fact, it was difficult for her to think Mike was still a child who had not matured. But she quickly realized that wasn't the case. It's just that Mike has always acted more on impulse than logic.

That's why Mike gets emotional so quickly. Even if he can tolerate the pain, he lacks the willpower of the strong. Unless there is something that might emotionally trigger him, his willpower will be at its lowest.

"Kid, this won't help you much, but it will help you resist that poison." David tapped his brow, and immense energy emitted from his fingertip. It went straight to his brain and began repairing his neuron.

"Wait for a second! Shit! That was a mistake on my part." He whacked his head with another hand and spoke just as that energy triggered his brain.

"What exactly did you do?" Elizabeth dashed in front of Mike and inquired.

"My energy activated his cerebrum. We can only wait until he recovers to see if he has changed. But, if it surprises you, don't take it personally." As soon as he said that, he walked out of the room, a huge smile on his face, followed by laughter.

"I hope nothing bad happens," Elizabeth said as she walked towards Alena and Jenny. She takes them up and carries them in her arms as she walks away softly. After a few moments, she reappears and takes Lauren. She continues until she has gathered all of the girls into a single room.

Elizabeth groans and returns to the room after seeing them pass unconscious. Michel was still standing in the same place at this time. Elizabeth became even more enraged and smashed his back.

"Wait, what was that for?" He was taken aback by her, even though it didn't hurt. Michel couldn't help but exclaim.

"Why are you staring so intently? Why don't you just go aid him?" Elizabeth spoke to him while standing to his left.

"I don't believe inviting me was a good idea." Michel sighs and shakes his head.

"Why?" Elizabeth asks him in a perplexing tone. But then she discovers something and says, "If you're talking about your relationship with girls, don't worry, they're not blockheads. They may eventually accept you."

"No, I'm not referring to that. I don't believe now is the time to train him. Let's see how long it takes for the person to drop his bomb. I'll construct my training plan based on his actions." Michel progressively fades away as he says this. But Elizabeth grabs his hand and drags him down.

She moves forward and raises her head. Her tug twists him around as she presses her lips against his. Michel's ferocious passion emerges as he feels her cherry lips and grabs her waist. As he draws her into his embrace, his large hands envelop her tiny waist.

He carefully pushes his tongue out, which is obstructed by her teeth. When she receives the approaching strike, she fearlessly eliminates the defense and returns the blow with the speed of a viper. When his tongue charges within her, it is immediately encircled by her tongue.

As they dug further into each other's mouths, they tasted the fluid nectar. For five minutes, the passionate kiss lasts.

"Ahem!"

They are startled even by a little cough. They gently turn their heads and notice Mike staring at them with his huge eyes. Elizabeth feels mortified, and Michel has a flushed expression on his face. The room is deafeningly quiet.

"So, I'm assuming he's my father?" Mike asks in a gentle tone. He does not use an excessive tone, nor does he express melancholy.

"Yes!" Elizabeth was taken aback by his tone, but she nodded nevertheless.

Mike casts a glimpse at his father's face. He can clearly see the face, which is identical to his own. He couldn't understand why his father was still more attractive than him.

He turned to his mother and asked, "Can I accept it?" But I'm not sure I understand. Why would you go to all that work to call yourself my aunt? Even if you told me you were my mother, I wouldn't have a problem."

"To be more specific, it would be much better. You did everything a mother would do, but you were too shy to admit it. Is there a unique explanation for this?"

"Due to the fact that you are not our son," Michel spoke clearly and without flinching. But Elizabeth's heart wrenched as she realized she wasn't ready to disclose it.

"What exactly do you mean?" Mike cleared his throat and inquired as his heartbeat became more rapid. He went to Elizabeth and asked, "What did he mean by that?"

"Mike, tell us the truth: are you truly our son? Not from within, but from without!" Elizabeth inquired, her eyes going hot.

For a brief period, his heart pounded as he heard her words. He had no idea his folks were aware of it. He chews his lower lip and exclaims, "So you knew, aunt!"

He no longer tried to hide and addressed her as the aunt, as he should have done all along. Because her son's soul has already passed away.

Thump!

Elizabeth suddenly leaps into his embrace. As she says, "Sniff!" her hot tears drench his garments. "Please be my son! I've already been through a lot. Please don't make me suffer any longer!"

That was correct. She had been stressed out since she had so many decisions to make. And she was forced to make judgments she didn't want to make on numerous occasions.

"All right, mom! But you are aware that I am still frail." Mike's shoulder became wet in an instant, and he sighed helplessly as he patted her on the head.

"Sniff! I'll go make some Chicken Pasta for you." As she moved away from him, a grin appeared on her face, and she spoke while wiping away her tears. She couldn't understand why Mike consented so quickly, but she didn't try to figure out why.

"I will also prepare a meal for you." She turned just as she had said, but Michel was no longer there. When she realized this, she took a step back. Mike places his palm on his brow and asks, "He hates me, doesn't he?"

"Please do not misinterpret this! He is yet to accept his death. But I know he is finally at peace. It's difficult to live with the curse." Mike didn't understand why, but when she said that, his heart twisted so tight that the pain became even more intense than it had been a few minutes before.

"I will break the curse. At the very least, this is something I can do for him." Mike talked while his forearm was covering his eyes. Elizabeth chews her lower lip and says, "Thank you!"

After that, she leaves the room while a hot stream of tears falls down his cheek.

"It hurts! This fucking hurts!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm shocked you didn't cry in front of her, Host." Claire's figure emerged in front of him and drifted around while she spoke.

Mike remained mute as tears streamed down his cheeks. After a few minutes, Mike asked, hoarsely, "What should I do, Claire?"

"The answer is already in your heart. Just keep following it, and you'll finally find the path." Claire didn't linger too long and quickly returned to his body. Mike eventually closes his eyes for a few minutes longer. Despite the fact that he was surrounded by other options, he was still circling that one.

And that decision was also an important one for him.

Knock! Knock!

"Mom, come in!" When his mother knocked on the door, Mike spoke up.. Hearing his remarks, she walks into the room, holding a plate with chicken spaghetti on it. She marches forward with a broad smile on her face. But as she saw those red eyes, her smile faded.

Mike had been crying for a few minutes, and she was aware of it. Nonetheless, she passed the plate and sat at the opposite end of the bed. She turned to Mike and asked, "Is there something bothering you?"

"Umm! Do you know the man titled "God of Sex?" Mike was curious whether they were aware of the presence of God of Sex. After all, his family originated in the lower realm, whereas God of Sex originated in the higher world.

"We are aware. You're just getting started with your cultivation. You will soon confront a number of challenges. Everyone will suffer some sort of adversity in their lives, but yours will be far more terrible. That is why I requested that your father return and train you." Elizabeth explains with a nod of her head.

"But! Wasn't he banned from returning to the world or something?" As soon as she mentioned she knew God of Sex, he realized she was familiar with the system.

"Did you learn this from that thing?" Elizabeth did not respond directly and instead asked him while peering within his body.

Mike eats the pasta with his fork while nodding his head.

"That was his doppelganger. He's become a lot stronger in the last eighteen years, but he's also done a lot of stupid things." Elizabeth spoke as her cheeks turned pale. Her husband's behavior had caused her a great deal of distress.

"What exactly did he do? "Did he also commit to other women?" Mike replied with a giggle in his tone as he gazed at her.

"Shut up! He never did anything like that. When he became enraged, he slaughtered the entire planet or even the solar system. He wasn't always so hot-tempered, but that incident transformed him." Elizabeth sighed and proceeded.

"Oh!" Mike exhaled a sigh. He didn't give a hoot about his father, who appears to be an almost imperceptible presence in his life.

When she noticed her son's indifferent demeanor, she groaned and rose up. Between the boy and the father, she was having a difficult time. They didn't seem to care about each other, as if they weren't even connected.

Mike began filling his stomach as soon as his mother left the room. Even though he knew it wouldn't be enough. At the very least, his poison issue had been resolved. However, there is a cost to that agony and suffering.

He looked inside his center while eating. He noticed a bluish crystal there. It was known as a Poison Crystal. This crystal has the ability to convert medication into poison and poison into medicine. He can cure anything and poison whomever he wants as long as he learns enough about it.

He can feel his body refreshing after the poison has been removed. Despite his lack of stamina, he feels strong enough to go for a round of pounding. In reality, he wanted to give it a shot, but first, he had to finish everything he had to do.

After eating, he concentrated on his system interface, which Claire had given.

"Fire Innate Ability"

"Light Innate Ability"

"Dark Innate Ability"

Mike had to pick one of these three. For a little period, he was perplexed because he wasn't sure which option to select. But, after much deliberation, he opted on Dark Innate Ability.

Light was not an option for him. Because it would be something new for him and he would need to practice a lot with it. And, more crucially, it improves his speed, which he already has thanks to his Space powers. He was alternating between ideas of Fire and Dark.

He could have gone with Fire. He possesses the capacity to use fire and is well-versed in its application. But, after much deliberation, he chose Dark Innate Ability because he had already gained the ability of Fire.

He is now aware of the Fire Law. Even if it isn't as lethal as Chris's, he can still improve on it. He can eventually go there if he consumes more Fire Law. But, when it came to Dark Innate Ability, he was always curious.

Darkness is usually associated with gravity or absorption. Both of these ideas are also related to one another. That's why he intended to use the Dark Innate Ability to boost his Gravity. This is how he may be able to mix Brute Force and Dark Element.

After all, if he can do it, he will be able to advance the Overlord Fist essence to the next level. As soon as he chose the Dark Innate Ability, he was engulfed in a cloud of black energy.

"This is really cool." He let out a frightening laugh as soon as he learned about the Darkness. This ingredient might do exactly what he predicted. He obtained the power of absorption while wielding the power of darkness.

He can instantaneously suck someone into a vortex if he can discharge this power on them. They will lose their intrinsic talent for a brief moment if they do so. They won't be able to counter that vortex if they don't have the strength to shatter it.

"Hah! So, what about the bloodlines?" Three screen panels materialized in front of him as soon as he spoke.

"Heavenly Dragon Bloodline"

"Golden Giant Bloodline"

"Desolate Emperor Bloodline"

"Can I view the other information, Claire?" Mike inquired.

"No, you must choose wisely. Then you'll be able to see the status later." Claire appeared in front of him, shaking her head and pointing towards Desolate Emperor Bloodline.

"You want me to pick that." Mike pondered the Desolate Emperor Bloodline name for a moment.

"Alright!"

As soon as he said it, his body began to emit strong steam and turn red. This was the lineage of the ninth rank. His blood began to scream as it flowed from top to bottom and vice versa. He needed five minutes to calm down.

After five minutes, Mike called out for his status along with the bloodline status.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 2

Cultivation- Commander Realm- First Rank (Fifth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element (S-Rank)

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-1)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-1), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-1)

STR: 22000

AGI: 20000

INT: 15000

STM: 22000

DEF: 22000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+10000 STR), Super Speed (+10000 AGI), Super Endurance (+10000 DEF)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will, Spear Spirit, Blood Will, Blood Spirit, Chaos Will, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden-Hold), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, and 13 others

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 510142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*3"

"Desolate Emperor Bloodline- Incomplete"

Rank- 1

Description- The desolate emperor, heir of the Desolate Place, holds the bloodline of the Desolate God. One fist breaks heaven and earth, one step crumbles the universe. Forging the blood with the magma, and skill with the divine spear, fight the universe to shine the name of the Desolate God.

Effect 1: It improves Host's Physical Attributes

Effect 2: Each breakthrough will give an additional defense to the Host

Effect 3: Can awaken the Desolate Will"

"Alright! That was a short but eye-catching description. It doesn't really matter as long as it helps me attain my goal. First, I need to have everything else in order before I can begin training."

"I must be prepared to meet the Elf Prince. Despite Alena's might, they may have a trump card, or perhaps the higher generation may attack us from the shadows. That must be the reason why Jenny kept Alena as the backup."

"Well, I guess I'll just have to go along with her plan for the time being. I must be prepared for the battle."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Few Minutes Later,

"Wow, I'm stuffed!" Mike rubbed his stomach as he sat in the chair. The other girls were all standing in front of him, watching him eat. He became uneasy with their stare and inquired, "What happened?"

"I was wondering when we could get started on that," Jenny questioned, smiling as she stepped behind him and carefully covered his body.

"Hmm! I can get started straight now. But this time, Olive will be the first." The entire gathering of females was taken aback as Mike pointed his finger at Olive.

"What gives you the right to say that?" Jenny stretches her neck away from his shoulders and asks, her gaze fixed on his face.

"I have a surprise for her." He rose up from his chair and walked towards Olive as he said this. To her amazement, he instantly lifts her and walks away, giving her a ride fit for a princess but using one hand alone so it was more like Olive sitting on his arm..

"If I'm not mistaken, this is the first time he's selected a female from among us, right?" Alena cocked her head at Jenny and inquired, her face filled with skepticism.

"Yes, he usually lets the females make their own decisions. He appears to have a plan for her." Jenny mumbled as she scratched her chin.

"And the most troubling face is when he is plotting something. Except for the combat, he doesn't seem to plan anything, does he?" Lauran asked, her face puzzled, as she turned her head to Mike's back.

"Let's just forget about him for the time being! It will be our time when he has pounded Olive." Jenny spoke up, turned her head to Alena, and asked, "He's OK, right?"

"Yes, it's better than ever!" Alena smirked as she realized what she had said.

"Therefore, there is no need to be concerned," Jenny said as she resumed her paper job, which had been halted due to the prior disruption.

On the upper floor

"Is it really okay?" Olive inquired, a concerned frown on her face. She wasn't expecting Mike to pick her first. Her heart was pounding harder. Her face was also going red.

"Of course, no one objects to that. And I'd want to do it with you." As he says this, Mike leans in closer to her and presses his lips against hers. She becomes enraged in an instant. However, it was insufficient to raise his younger sibling.

He lays atop her as he carries her to the bed. His arms were on either side of hers. He didn't begin his show right away. He keeps licking her lips. He wanted to get inside her mouth, so he moved his tongue quickly while her lips were still open.

But she didn't stop stumbling. Her acceleration was even greater. She acted as if she was taking the initiative. A strange sensation surged through their bodies as their hot breath and pink tongues joined. They felt they could stay like this for a long time.

He finally moves his finger. He cautiously slides his right hand into the miniskirt she was wearing. His finger slipped softly inside the panty and reached for her pussy. His finger brushed up against the tip of her pussy and rolled around it.

"Ahh!" The enticing sigh from her mouth resonated in his ears. That moan broke the kiss, but Mike attacked her tongue as the hungry wolf once again.

His tongue slid deep inside her mouth and sucked the fluid that had accumulated inside her. He slides in softly, pressing the tip of the pussy. But he doesn't go too far; instead, he presses against the walls.

"Ohhh! This soooo goooodddd!"

Mike wasn't employing the Thrill Hand, but when he puts his finger on her pussy wall and slides his finger out, she feels a profound pleasure crawl through her spine. Only when he moves his middle finger does the please get more severe.

He also presses his index finger against the top wall and his middle finger against the bottom wall this time. Then he begins to roll his finger along her walls. This was an unpleasant situation at first, but as he improved, the moans resonated across the room.

Lower Floor,

"Umm! We'll go to the second floor." After hearing Olive's moaning, Tori and Ava bolted from the lower room and ran to the upper floor.

"How impatient are they?" Lauren asked, with a helpless expression on her face.

"Wait, who's talking?" Jenny remarked this while glancing down at her lower thigh. Her formal blue pant was getting moist from the liquid oozing from her pussy.

"It's not like you have control over your own desires. I'm not sure why, but I get the impression that we're turning into sluts who can't exist without his dick." Lauren spoke with a sigh in her voice.

She remained in the same position for a brief period, but after a few minutes, she stood up and walked out. Her pussy twitched a lot. She entered the room where Tori and Ava had left.

As she entered the room, she noticed Ava and Tori kissing and fingering each other's pussies.

"Ahhh! Your finger feels great."

"Does it taste as wonderful as his dick?"

"No way! But you're doing fantastic."

Lauren slaps her brow in response to their moans and sounds. She did, however, enter the room and finger her own pussy. The room quickly filled up with more ladies. Their shouts had grown so loud that Mike could hear them.

"It appears that everyone is getting excited. "Do you want to continue?" Mike spoke to her while pinching her boobs with his mouth and pushing his finger into her pussy. At this point, three fingers were stroking her womb, causing her to gasp.

"Yesss! Please put it innnnnnn"

Olive's excitement skyrocketed when he described his dick. She had been pleading with him for quite some time. His finger used to get her thrilled, but now only his dick can keep her going. She wanted to take it immediately because they were already naked.

"Good! Take all I put in, okay, Babe." As he said this, he rose and lifted her. He grabbed her waist with one hand. When he placed her over his dick, she caught it and gradually caught the thirteen-inch enormous dick.

She slowly inserted it inside her pussy's entrance. It starts spreading as soon as it contacts her pussy tip. Her mouth widens as she swallows more. She came to a halt when his dick had only entered halfway. Her eyes welled up with tears, and her palm began to shake.

"Take it slowly, don't worry, I won't leave until I've poured my sperm within you."

That was the reason he chose her. Whenever his Pioneer Body improves, he may vastly improve his partner's talent throughout the sex. However, it is only possible with a single partner.

He wasn't sure how much talent he could develop. He can, however, give it a shot. That's why he took everything gently. Because he knew it would be too late to stop once he started escalating her.

Gulp!

Olive swallowed her saliva and pushed his dick deeper into her pussy. The more she pushes it inside, the wider her pussy becomes.

"Ugh!"

When the tip of his big rod brushed against Olive's womb, she grunted. Since it was even more difficult for her to balance on his dick while getting the support of a single hand.

"Damn! What happened? What's the deal with your pussy being so tight?" Mike felt as if his dick had been suffocated by the walls of her pussy.

"Heh! This trick was taught to me by Alena. But it's too difficult."

Olive spoke with her mouth open and her tongue hanging out. Mike was taken aback by her expression. He can see she's reached her maximum, yet she's still pressing his dick. This, however, makes her feel fantastic.

"All well, I'll get started," Mike remarked as he slowly raised her body surrounding her ass with his entire army, but just as the tip of his dick touched the outer layer, he smacked her waist down.

"Ahhhh! That hurts!"

"Ohhhh! Mike, slow down!"

"I can't! This is soooo hard. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

He couldn't stop himself from pounding his dick inside her. He immediately activates the Yin-Yang Harmony System. But first, he completely lifts her and turns her out. Then he takes a step in front of the mirror.

"Ohhhh! Fuck! Mike, your dick! It's incredibly hard."

As he approached the mirror, he rammed his dick inside her pussy while displaying her face in front of it. Olive could see her face at this point, which was smirking like a bitch with a monster dick ramming in and out.

"Mike, kiss meeee!"

Mike stretches his neck and kisses her lips, just as she suggested. As Mike quickens his speed, their tongues come into contact. Inside his head, the Chaotic Path to Harmony begins to function. Her early cum flows out every time his dick thrusts within and comes out.

While he continues to pound her, the floor becomes wet. His dick smears her womb, and his tongue savors her mouth. At this moment, her legs bind him from behind while Olive rampage up and down on his dick on her own while trying not to break the perfect balance.

Mike started fucking her in the worst position ever based on his condition but also the most pleasurable position due to a certain reason.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

"Umm! This is amazing. Mike, pound me harder."

Olive maintained her balance at his thick rod while moving up and down. It was the perfect combination of pain and pleasure. Although his dick was at the risk, it was towering like a metal rod that can not be bent.

But, if Olive makes a single mistake, it would hurt him. Fortunately, he still had one hand to control her movement to a certain extent.

"Ugh! This is so amazinggggggg."

Olive grunts as she starts speeding up in his thick rod. After few minutes, he stops her and walks towards the bed while keeping his dick inside her pussy.. He slowly puts her in the bed and hops on above her. Craving her beautiful figure that seems to be made by the god himself, he thrusts his dick.

The thick rod makes an entrance with the moan that resonated throughout the room until it reaches the pinnacle. After that, it only got faster. So fast, the moan starts changing in just a matter of minutes.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

"Ohhhhh! Yeahhhhh! This is it! Deeper! Ahhhhhh!"

While kicking his thick rod inside her, he moves his hand to her upper body. Since he had only one hand, he had to be careful with his movements. First, he presses a handful of breasts and then slowly sucks the nipple.

But before sucking it, he licks it properly and around it then he eats the nipple inside his mouth and slowly presses down. His flawless movement sends Olive deeper into the realm of pleasure.

At this moment, Yin-Yang Enlightenment State activates on its own. Since he was already using the Chaotic Path towards Harmony, both of them were already engaging in the path of dual cultivation. Using her yin energy, his cultivation was rising but the speed was very slow.

He wasn't using any dark energy crystals and with the amount of energy that he requires, it would be impossible to evolve his core this soon. And, during each evolution, his core absorbs the part of the other cores.

That means his core will slightly get bigger and hence he would need even more energy just to complete a single evolution. This time Mike was doing just more than dual cultivation. He was pounding her to fill her deepest desire.

And, constantly playing with her body. While his long and thick dick moves in and out of her cave, his tongue plays with hers. Looking at those eyes filled with lust and pleasure, he couldn't help but feel proud.

This time he was letting her rest while he keeps moving his hips.

"Mike! I'm cumming!"

Splash!

As her words ended, she released a thick juicy stream of cum. But, that only made it better. With that loaded cum, the friction became less. And he starts pounding her with greater speed.

After ten times,

She once again cums after taking his monstrous dick. But, this time she didn't fall and the battle continued for three hours. Only after three hours, he stopped Chaotic Path towards Harmony and started banging her without any help.

PA!

His thighs strike hard against her hips while his monstrous dick collides against her womb, pressing it hard. Just a single stroke made her soul tremble but he didn't stop. His hips keep moving and her pussy keeps on receiving the monster.

PA! PA! PA! PA! PA! PA! PA! PA! PA!

After ten minutes, Mike grunts "Olive, I'm cumming!"

"Take it all in, don't let a single drop out!"

As soon as his words rang on her mind, she presses her pussy walls against his dick.

Splash!

A huge load of semen erupts out of his dick and enters her womb. It didn't stop and keep on filling her pussy until a little of it leaks out. But suddenly, Olive presses her pussy with her hand as Mike slowly takes out his dick.

As his dick gets out, more cum starts falling, but her hands keep them from falling. She collects all the remaining cum on her palm and licks it with her tongue.

"It's soo sweet!"

Suddenly, her body glows in the yellow light. Olive got startled by it but, Mike had a big smile on his face. At this moment, her Berserk Innate Ability suddenly appears in her body. But, soon the chaos energy erupts from her and absorbs the Berserk Innate Ability inside.

Her Berserk Innate Ability was like a red tiger that got swallowed by the dark purple tiger. The dark purple tiger was just an image on his head. It was just in the form of a gas. When the red gas entered the black gas, it soon came out with a slight difference.

It became dark red!

And, the talent also improved a lot, probably? Mike couldn't answer but her cultivation did increase. It climbed up so fast that Mike couldn't even notice until everything finally calmed down.

"Name- Olive Xavier

Age- 16

Cultivation- 1st Rank of Commander Realm (Fourth Evolution)

Innate Ability- Decay (SSS-Rank)

Gene Ability- White Tiger Transformation

STR: 25000

AGI: 25000

INT: 25000

STM: 25000

DEF: 25000

Status- Heavenly Maiden"

'Holy shit! It didn't just change slightly. It's a completely new form. Decay! Wait, how is decay related with berserk ability?' Mike thought as Claire appeared in front of him and tapped at Decay.

"Decay- An innate ability that can disintegrate anything it touches including the wielder. This ability allows the wielder to kill opponents with higher level."

'No wonder! But, isn't this more terrifying? Will she be alright?' Mike glanced at Olive with the tension in his face. But, suddenly she raises her fist and spoke "Mike, now I can help you fight the stronger opponent."

Hearing her words, his soul got shaken a bit. But, he quickly calms down and asks 'Claire, is there a way to prevent her from touching something that she doesn't want to destroy like any protective gloves? Or, she must train the spirit?'

"How did you know that she can use the spirit to block her decay?" Claire asked him with a surprise in her tone. She thought he would ask for suggestions but the way he asked it was completely different than she expected.

'Isn't it obvious? Spirits are the nemesis of all innate abilities. Even though this decay sounds ridiculous, it is still an innate ability. But, this made me wonder she could use the berserk energy together with spirit.'

'And, if spirits are the nemesis of all innate ability, then why can I use both at the same time? Something is not fitting here. Claire, do you know what it is?' Mike rolls his eyes and analyzes putting his hand on his chin.

"Of course, I know. Innate Abilities are simply the power of the law while the spirits are not their nemesis rather simply the controller. That means using the spirit, one can control the Innate Ability to hurt others but not hurt themselves."

"Once a person learns the law, the power of that law can't hurt them unless they are attacked with the stronger law. If Olive learns the Law of Decay then she won't hurt herself. But, learning the Law of Decay is hard in itself. Of course, if she learns the Spirit, she can have the better control over her Decay Innate Ability."

"But for now, she can only use Law Blocking Gloves. She needs to wear the glove every time until she starts her fight. Then, she can go on without using Gloves." Claire puffed out her chest and spoke with her eyes closed.

'Buy two pairs for her!' Mike commanded Claire while turning his eyes at Olive. As soon as his eyes turned around, two pairs of gloves appeared on his hands. At the same time, two hundred thousand system points got deducted.

'By the Claire, you said that I can search for the Heavenly Maiden after evolving the system, right? Start that search and also get a Bodhi Leaf that costs one hundred thousand system points!' Mike spoke while waking near Olive. She hadn't passed out and trying to figure out more about her innate ability.

"Here, take them! This will keep you safe around you. And, can you stop that terrifying laughter?" Mike looked at her with helplessness and asked.

"Hehe! I am just happy." Olive took those gloves without touching his hand but suddenly, Mike asked "So, I forgot to ask. Your innate ability, does it work without ability energy? If it doesn't then you don't need this exactly?"

"Nope, it doesn't. But, I still need this. I know what you want to say. You probably want me to keep out of fighting until I gain enough control over it, don't you? I won't do it. I will help you. After everyone started growing, I felt a little insecure that they will surpass me."

"But now, I also have a chance to fight alongside you. So, I won't give up." Saying so, she hurriedly wore the gloves.

"Alright, if you say so. By the way, while you leave the room, tell Jenny not to allow anyone to disturb me for few days. I need to work on something. And, after that, we will have a huge orgy." Mike spoke with a smirk on his face and slowly walked towards the bathroom.

Fortunately, Jenny had remodeled the house and made it more spacious.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Mike entered the bathroom, Olive thought for a while thinking what to do. Her pussy was still drenched with his semen. After thinking for a while, she walked out naked from this room and entered the next room next to it.

"Ahhh! Yessss, bitch suck on my hole! Suck my tits!"

"Ohhh! This is fucking amazing!"

"Yess! Yess! Fuck! Fuck! This dildo is amazing!"

"Ohhhh!"

After entering the room, Olive looked at others with a dumbfounded gaze. She didn't expect an orgy ongoing in this room. And, more importantly, it was an orgy between each other. Jenny and Lauren were playing with each other while kissing and sucking each other tits and pussies.

Ava and Tori were also sucking and licking each other pussies. Alena was inserting a yellow dildo inside Sunny's pussy and thrusting it in and out.. While Sunny was licking Alena's pussy.

"Ohh! Mike, Mike!"

Some were busy clutching their pussies and boobs while imagining Mike. Seeing their conditions, Olive suddenly felt frightened. The air of lust was also intoxicating her. Suddenly, a figure appeared beneath her inserts the hand inside her pussy.

"Wow! Mistress, you got such a thick amount of this heavenly juice." When Olive looked down, she saw Laura taking out the semen from her pussy and licking it.

"Olive! You are back."

"Everyone, Olive is back! Let's go!"

"Yeah, Mike, fuck us!"

Suddenly, all of the ladies rushed out of the room before Olive could say anything. Only when other ladies entered Mike's room, she raised her hand and said "Mike told me that he won't be fucking anyone today."

But, no one was there to hear her. As soon as those ladies entered the room, they immediately checked everything. But, they couldn't find Mike. As they heard the shower sound, they immediately rushed toward the bathroom. But suddenly, Mike's voice rang out of the bathroom.

"Are you all letting lust take over you?"

His words made their stop and Mike continued "Are you girls willing to get fucked by others and betray me?"

"NO!" Suddenly, every girl shouted as soon as they heard those words.

"Then, why can't you control that lust? Am I using my power of lust on you?"

"no!" Hearing his question, their tone got lower. They turned their heads down and replied while clutching their fingers.

"Then, why can't you control yourself? My power of lust might be the strongest and each of you has gone through that. Well, except some but still you have gone through the strongest power and now you are bowing in front of the weakest."

"Jenny, do you remember what I told you that day? I will always be here. We will be attacking the Elf Guild very soon. I will be able to increase my lifespan and once we transcend to the Half-Saint Realm, our lifespan will grow even bigger."

"You girls are acting like there is no tomorrow. There will always be one and if you wait, you will reap some reward. I know it would be much more fun to fuck all eleven of you at the same time but only when you girls are romantically ready, not by the power of lust."

...….

For a moment, a silence flashed outside. The girls looked at each other and bit their lips. They knew they were turning into sluts. But, they almost forgot if they turned into the true slut. Won't they go out begging for others' dick as well?

After all, Mike won't be with them all the time. And, if they do go out begging for others' dick, aren't they betraying Mike? If that would be the case then Mike had to use cloning to satisfy them. But is that really what they want?

No, they wanted to be together with Mike and feel the real him inside them. Suddenly, Jenny spoke, "Mike, tell me what happened?"

"Huh! What kind of question is that? Nothing has happened. I just feel like you girls need to control your lust." Mike frowned as he spoke from the bathroom.

"Don't kid with me! The mike I know is the most lustful person in this room. If it wasn't for the sake of cultivation, the real Mike I know would go fucking every single girl in the world whether it is a small girl or a married lady."

"The real Mike I know didn't need romance. He just needs the pussy. That's all is enough to make him fuck you. I know you are the Mike but you are not the Mike I know. What happened?" Jenny shouted.

For a moment, every single lady also got startled. They also felt that Mike had changed. But, didn't expect Jenny would know him this much better. Well, at least they didn't know Mike thinks nothing except fucking more ladies.

"Hush! I don't know what has happened. I just know that I need strength. I have lost my left arm. My lifespan only remains for eight months. And, I can't wait till the guild grows to challenge him. Even if we fight in guild war, we might not get what we need."

"There are only forty days remained until the Divine Tomb opens. Since that is the tomb of the divinity, it surely will have something that improves my lifespan. After all, it is divinity we are talking about. And, more importantly, I don't think I will be able to face Jerry with my current strength."

"I have many things that can be improved. And, cultivation is just one of them. If you girls want intense sex that can satisfy your lust then I can fuck all of you right now. But, if you want passionate and intense sex, wait for a while."

"After all, the more you wait, the more pleasurable it will be. And, more I will be able to focus on it. So, make a decision. My dick is still hard as a rock." Mike sighed as he spoke. Originally, he wanted to stay inside. But suddenly, a thought rang in his mind as he came out.

His thirteen inches long dick pointed at them while he stood in front of them. At this moment, everyone was naked. And, the mood was also turned on. But, suddenly Jenny spoke.

"Ten Days! After ten days, we will use every dark energy crystal we can mine in ten days. You will fuck all eleven of us and improve the cultivation. It will be better if you can reach the King Realm in a single go."

"No, you must reach the King Realm. Except for the money we are going to use in the guild, I will use every cent we have for the dark energy crystal. We must make you reach King Realm and regrow your arm."

As she spoke, Jenny walked in front of him and wrapped her hand around his monstrous dick while speaking "After all, if you want an orgy, you must hold more than one lady while fucking another lady."

"Hehe! I heard you can fuck four ladies at once. One at your dick, two at your finger, and one at your mouth. This time we'll have eleven, I wondered how will you manage."

"You don't have to worry about that." As he said that, Mike slightly leans closer and kisses her lips. He inserts his tongue inside and makes a deeply passionate kiss. After her, he continues with all eleven ladies and finally stops.

"Jenny, I need you to do something for me." As they were leaving the room, Mike spoke.

"What do you need?" Jenny asks.

"I must have some hardcore fans, right," Mike asks.

"Yes, there are lots of them." Jenny nods her head and looks at him with confusion.

"Find one girl for me! A completely innocent but extremely loyal. Also, try if that girl is completely normal who couldn't succeed on awakening." Mike speaks.

"You want to find a girl to fuck even when we are waiting for it?" Jenny suddenly glares at him and asked.

"I seriously need one. Try an unawakened, virgin, and loyal girl. As for the looks, well it doesn't matter even if she is an average." Mike asked as he made a serious expression.

"What are you planning?" Jenny looked at him while narrowing her eyes. She felt Mike was plotting something really serious.

"Hehe! Don't worry about it. I am not plotting something bad. If it is successful, she will be benefitted and even be added to my harem. Of course, only if it is successful." Mike smirked as he walked back to the bathroom while swinging his hand.

"Hush! He has changed but I don't know whether it is for the best or the worst." Jenny sighed as she turned around.

"But, he is indeed right. We have to control our lust. Since it is us who is releasing the lust for Mike, the Anti-Mind Control Spell won't work either. If we don't control it, we would be soon going around begging for dicks." Lauren spoke with a solemn expression.

"That's a problem. For the fact, we know nobody except Mike can satisfy us. And, if we try on someone else. We will be addicted to fucking different bunch of people just to satisfy us. I used to do the same and believe me, it's addicting." Alena spoke.

"Yeah, Mistress is right. Although I am staying at the brothel, I am not letting our customers choose me. The reason is pretty simple. Most of them can't satisfy me and if they can't then I will only start looking for more and more."

"Gradually, having four, five, ten, twenty men fucking me at the same time won't satisfy me. We need to control it."

Hearing her words, everyone else nodded their head while Jenny had something different going on in her mind.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Hu! That was a nice bath. I just need to get ready for the cultivation. So, what should I wear?'

Mike looked at the several clothes in front of him and got confused about his choice. Finally, he decided on a black track with a hoodie which seems pretty normal. And, he wasn't going out either. He simply wear them but he got difficult to wear with one hand.

It took him five minutes just to wear them. After that, he sat down on the ground in the lotus position. After few minutes, his eyes slowly closed. Now, he had a different goal in his mind. He wanted to practice all of his skills and create an ultimate skill.

He hasn't decided properly on it. But, his plan is simple. He wants to merge the power of his skills and domains spirits. As he wasn't ready to merge all of his spirits separately.

But, he has an idea to merge them. Instead of merging two different spirits, he is going to create an individual skill with a spirit. Then, he will merge those skills to create an ultimate skill. He realized just how much he lacks such skill.

And, now with his one hand gone, he needs to be serious to the point where he can burst his enemy with a single punch. He knows it won't be fun but he also knows his enemies will only get stronger. Atharos made him realized that he could probably dominate the youths but against the old people with higher knowledge cultivation, he won't stand a chance.

That's the difference between them. He needs to shorten this difference. And, to do that he must be prepared to face any situation with a single punch. And, he also needs to give more time to the ladies.

Not like he did previously. Instead of having time as a group, he must have them individually and also try to be more romantic. That would make his relationship stronger and better. He knows his girls are far better and even better than him. But, if they lose to their lust, it would be a bad sight to see.

He doesn't want his woman to get fucked by other men. That's why he hasn't tried to steal other's women. At least, he hasn't tried it on anyone except Alena. And, he only did that not knowing that she had a boyfriend.

'So, what should I do? Desolate Berserk Scripture with Berserk Domain and Fighting Spirit. Lightning King Scripture with Lightning Domain and Slaughter Spirit. Energy Manipulation Scripture with a new domain that I must comprehend and a new Spirit as well.'

'Devouring Blood Scripture with Blood Domain and Blood Spirit. Space God Scripture with Spear Spirit and Gravity Domain. Chaos Scripture with Chaos Domain and Chaos Spirit. But...…'

'I fucking don't know what to do next. Should I change my idea? I haven't even properly explored Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, and even Chaos Scripture. To be exact, I haven't even properly comprehended the Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, and even Space God Scripture.'

'Doesn't that mean I will go nowhere if I start this ride?'

Thud! Suddenly, Mike opened his eyes and falls on his back while looking up at the ceiling. He puts his hand on his forehead and sighs.

'Hush! I stopped them so that I could train. But I don't even have a single idea to train. Oh yeah! I could improve my Chaos Overlord Body, right? And, I still need to train with my Dark Innate Ability as well as the Desolate Emperor Bloodline.'

'Holy shit! How could I forget about them? I must improve my Chaos Body right now.'

As soon as he remembers, he sits right back with his back straightened. He slowly closes his eyes and tries to contact his naval point. That's the place where the universe was kept. He doesn't even know how that was possible but he knows he must absorb the power from that place.

As he tried to feel it, his consciousness get buried inside the universe. He realized he was once again back to this universe. But unlike the previous times, he didn't hear any voices. He could only wait until his Chaos Overlord Body starts absorbing the universe once again.

Unlike the previous time, he didn't lose his consciousness. He could gradually feel his strength growing at an increasing rate. He doesn't know how much time had passed or how much strength he has gained. But once the absorption stopped, he was once again kicked out of the universe.

As soon as he came back to reality, his eyes opened. At the same time, a new status screen appeared in front of him.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 2

Cultivation- Commander Realm- First Rank (Eighth Evolution)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-1), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-1)

STR: 32000

AGI: 30000

INT: 20000

STM: 32000

DEF: 32000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+10000 STR), SuperSpeed (+10000 AGI), Super Endurance (+10000 DEF)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will, Spear Spirit, Blood Will, Blood Spirit, Chaos Will, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, and 13 others

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*3"

'Alright, now I have a chance to fight against Alena. Damn! She was right. A single upgrade of Chaos Overlord Body has made me strong as hell. But once again, I can't just overcome everything with my physical strength.'

'Dark Element doesn't improve my physical like Brute Force or Lightning but it also has its uses. I can't just believe that I can defeat Alena with my current strength. As soon as I get my lifespan back and reach the King Realm, I will start that.'

'For now, let's just focus on Dark Element.'

As soon as he thinks, his body is shrouded with black energy. The Dark Element is rather silent. When it appeared, Mike didn't feel any change around him. But when he tried to focus on it, suddenly he felt things shaking a bit.

When he tried to feel better, he could feel the power of darkness sucking things around him. First, it sucked the air, creating the small whirlpool of air around him.

'This is the power of absorption. It should have the gravity as well.' Mike slightly injects more ability energy around him condensing more black energy. Only then he felt a slight gravity pulling him down.

'Hmm! I can try to use the Dark Element alongside Energy Manipulation Scripture. It includes both gravity and absorption. I can try using the Dark Element to absorb the energy while using the gravity as well.'

'But, I am not sure I can make it work till the next month. Well, let's check the Desolate Emperor Bloodline and see what more I can get from it.'

Thinking so, he kept his eyes closed as he took back the black energy and focused his mind on the Desolate Emperor Bloodline. Unlike his Chaos Overlord Body or Dark Element, he got stuck in a difficult situation.

It wasn't as exaggerated as Chaos Overlord Body but it was strange than Dark Element. He saw a space that he couldn't approach. It was inside his brain or rather at the middle of his forehead.

Inside that space, he saw several things such as a dark space humanoid body, a purple space humanoid body, a drop of blood releasing an intense white light, a bolt of lightning, a massive force that gave him intense domineering feeling, a black gas, and another drop of blood.

This drop was giving the same feeling that the massive force gave him. It was insanely domineering. Mike felt it unreal. He couldn't approach them but they could still affect him. As he tried more, trying to grab and enter that space.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

Suddenly, a scream came out of his mouth as his mind instantly got blown away by a powerful force. The force was so powerful that it not only broke his bones and muscles but also made him bloody.

Bang!

"Mike, what happened?" Suddenly, Alena and other girls burst the door open as they rushed towards Mike who was fallen on the ground.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How! Ow! Ow!"

"What's with this wound? Why isn't my Celestial Bloodline healing it?" Mike shouted with a depressed expression as he looked at the ceiling.

"Because your Celestial Bloodline is only at the first level. When you tried to forcefully open your sea of consciousness, the wound that received were not just physical wounds. Your soul was also wounded. Just who in their right mind opens their sea of consciousness without reaching Emperor Realm?" Elizabeth spoke with a helpless expression on her face.

"I didn't know anything about the sea of consciousness. I feel like I have to that place before. So, why is it different this time?" Mike asked with confusion on his face. He remembered entering the sea of consciousness a few times. It was nothing extraordinary. Except for the massive force and red flame, there was nothing more.

Elizabeth smacked her forehead and continued "Sea of consciousness is the probably most secured place in our body. Of course, it's not unbreakable since this makes possessing's someone's body in the soul form easier."

"Our soul, and our talent, everything resides within the sea of consciousness. Not completely, but the source of our soul and talent. That means if anyone enters other's sea of consciousness, they can easily destroy that person's soul and took control over it."

"That's why our brain uses the power of the soul and talent to form a barrier around the sea of consciousness. There are indeed some ways to enter the sea of consciousness without breaking the barrier but the most prominent way would be reaching the Emperor Realm."

"The other ways include controlling the brain and lowering the barrier, using a special soul power to escape between the barrier, and even forcefully destroying the barrier while protecting the person's soul and body."

"I gave the example based on the power level. If a weak person wants to possess you, he can use some tricks to control your brain and lower the barrier. If an average person wants to possess you, he will enhance his soul and add some pretty powerful abilities to the soul to make it possible to escape the barrier."

"Finally, a strong person will directly break your barrier while protecting your soul and the body. Since he doesn't want you to suffer heavily before he takes control over your body. A strong person won't bother using the cheap tricks and a weak person can't use the strength to destroy it."

"That's why we cultivate the soul. It is the most prominent way to improve the barrier. Your Anti-Mind Control Spell does work against the brain or soul control but what if that person destroys your soul and replaces it."

"Remember, the soul is the part of our body that can control the barrier. Because the brain is simply an organ with specific functions that it performs based on our desires. And, the soul is the part of our body that creates those desires. And it is also the part that holds all of our memories alongside the brain." Elizabeth explains.

"No wonder that woman tried to take control over my brain," Jenny muttered as she gained a lot of new information that she didn't know.

"Oh yeah! Jenny, you haven't told me anything about that experience of yours." Mike suddenly turned his head at Jenny while being laid on the bed. There were only a few people this time. Sharley, Layla, Sunny, Liora, Alice, and even Tori had left the house.

"Well, you have changed a lot. I think you can digest this information. Better than telling you anything, I should show you." Saying so, Jenny moved forward and placed two different projectors on the table. But, she did everything as she need to, her hands were shaking a little.

"Don't worry! He will understand you." Lauren suddenly caught her hand and reassured her. Although she said that, she was also very worried. After all, she didn't know how much Mike loves Scarlet. Neither had she known if he was emotionally ready.

At first, Mike was perplexed about the video but slowly after watching both of them, he understood everything. At the same time, the slaughter spirit burst out of him. He turned his head at Jenny and spoke "Jenny, come here!"

His tone was a little cold. Jenny couldn't help but feel chills on her spine. Her heart was beating so fast that it could burst any moment. Although she acts tough all the time, her heart was very scared of Mike's disappointment or anger.

"Lean closer!" As soon as she reached near him, he spoke once again with a cold tone. She did as he said while he lifts his right hand. Seeing his hand, she pressed her eyes closed. Her body started shaking. She feared that Mike would hit her but still couldn't disobey him.

But when she closed her eyes, she felt the hand behind her head and something attached to her lips. With the shock all over their head, she burst open her eyes. In front of her eyes, Mike was kissing her lips. He slowly leaves her lips and said "You did great."

"Mike!" As soon as she heard his words, she bursts into tears and embraced him. While resting her head at his chest, she started sobbing.

"Sniff! Sniff! I thought you would hit me and scold me. Sniff! Sniff! Do you know how scared I was? Sniff!"

"But, why?" Mike suddenly questioned her with a frowning tone. But, before she could reply, he continued "Why do you think I acted like an idiot for so long?"

"Acting???" At this moment, not just Elizabeth, Lauren, Jenny, Alena, and even Claire screamed.

"Of course! Do you expect me to be an idiot?" As he said that, he turned his head at Elizabeth and nods his head. Then he continued "You see, I am not the real Mike. Uhhh! That's not how I should put it. I grew up as a Mike and I am the real Mike but when Mike was born I died in another world and reincarnated in his body."

"It seems I did something bad. But actually, he attained peace. Because dying is better than living with a curse especially if you don't have any reasons to live. Mom has a reason to live. But, that child was innocent. That's why someone put him into reincarnation so that he can have a better life."

"Well, I hope he is having one. And, after I replaced him I grew up as a baby. Yeah, I technically was not a baby but I still lived like that. But, never in these years had I forgotten my dream."

"You see, there was the reason why I was chosen to be the God of Sex. Even in the modern world where strength doesn't matter much, I had the dream to create a harem of three thousand women. Well, it wasn't a foolish dream since I almost got proposals from more than three hundred while keeping them pending."

"But, there was a girl that didn't like my dream. She wanted to monopoly me. Well, it wasn't her fault since no women want to share her love. She used some tricks and made those girls took back their proposals."

"Because of the tricks she pulled, nobody could go against her. And, in the end, I ended up being her boyfriend. And, I also lost my virginity to her. This is exactly the reason why I lost my virginity at the age of twenty-one. I was holding back a lot."

"Even after everything I learned about her, I couldn't get angry at her. Can you scold your wife when she tries to piss off the girls that were trying to get in a relationship with you? I shouldn't say that I didn't get angry at her. I just couldn't hate her."

"But, in that world, I constantly felt was my dream worth my sacrifice. While my friends were breaking up and patching together, I was stuck in the state of having and not having a girlfriend. Now, I hate her."

Suddenly, he lifts his head and looked at Jenny's eyes, saying "And now, I also believe in my dream because I have you. Acting like an idiot is not a bad thing. You can actively accept the girl and also dump your work on girls."

"Just think if I had acted like a smartass, I had to deal with everything from money raising to guild management. If I was a smartass, I don't think I couldn't have the courage to say all that during the Tournament of Genius."

"If I was a genius, I would be planning as I did in my previous life. That resulted in what? A complete failure. That's why I didn't want to become a smartass. I acted like an idiot so that you girls won't force me to do things that I don't want to do."

"Just imagine Jenny calling me and saying 'I have enough of Family Management, you are the backbone of the family. Take care of it and I will take a break until then."

"I would be devastated. There's no way I could accept that. But, I did fear having sex at the beginning. After all, you don't expect me to overcome fear just because I have a new life. I freaking held back my sex life from age of 14 to the age of twenty-one. And, I freaking died during my first sex."

"Can you just imagine how devastated I was? Seven years, I held back for seven years and what I got. Death! That's it. I died and reincarnated into this body. That's my story and why I acted the way I did."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wow! But, how come you have such an absurd dream in the world where having more than one wife is impossible?" Alena asked. Her words gathered others' attention as they also nods their head at the same question.

"Do you need a reason to dream?" Mike asked while tilting his head in confusion. Then, he turned his head at his mom and asked "Mom, do you need a reason to dream?"

"Hehe! You are right. Some people do not need reasons. They just feel working for their dream is as important eating and sleeping." Elizabeth giggled at him and spoke while shaking her head. Suddenly, she looked at Mike with the tenderness flashing in her eyes and asked.

"Is that why you acted like a baby rather than someone who has lived for twenty-one years old?"

Hearing her words, Mike nods his head and explained.

"Yep, I didn't want to raise any suspicion.. You see, I am just an ordinary person in my previous life. I wasn't some kind of demi-god or sage that has a super awesome reincarnation. If I show something extraordinary in my age, I couldn't keep up with it."

"Yeah, I knew basic languages, science, math, and other subjects. But, I am not good with advanced science or math. So, even if I show my specialty at an early age, I wouldn't be able to keep up. Since I am not a fan of reading and writing."

"That's why I acted like a completely normal baby growing from a small age except one exception of fear of sex. And, more importantly, I didn't want you to find out anything. Well, it seems my efforts had gone to waste."

Elizabeth walked near Mike and fondles his head, shaking her head "No, you did great. I didn't want my son to act like his past life. After all, this is your new life and you should live this life as a normal person. But, it seems now, nothing is going to be normal for you."

Mike chuckled and answered "It doesn't matter. I just need to be prepared to face all kinds of situations."

Hearing his words, Elizabeth bites her lips. Although he was saying it's nothing, she knows it will push him to his limits. In just a few days, Mike had already suffered from two devastating damage.

If he keeps on going like this, he might suffer terribly. And, she didn't want that. She sighs and pinches his cheek "Don't worry, soon he will come to guide you. Although it might be a little hard to accept, I hope you won't get angry at him."

"He is just heartbroken to accompany his son's soul for the reincarnation. And, that's stopping him from accepting you."

"Hah! Don't worry, mom! It will be a hassle but we can work it out somehow." Mike smirked after a long sigh.

"Alright, I will leave for now. Don't start training now. Get a proper rest for today!" Elizabeth finally turns around and walked away after commanding him.

"So, we should leave as well. You can take a break." Jenny slowly leaves his embrace but suddenly Mike pulls her down to his chest.

"Today, let's sleep together! All of you are tired. And, this bed is empty." Mike smirked as looked at Olive, Alena, and Lauren who got startled by his words and jumped into his embrace.

Suddenly, Alena, Lauren, and Jenny glared at Olive who revealed her teary expression. Mike could only pat one head at a time, so he decided to pat Olive as he spoke.

"Let her sleep as well! After all, we aren't going to do anything. I just want to sleep peacefully with your girls."

Hearing his words, other girls couldn't say words. They finally accepted Olive who got benefits two times. She hurriedly clings into his right while Lauren wanted to cling into his left arm but got sadden by his missing arm.

"Don't worry! I am trying to maintain this slender body so that you can put your arms over me." Mike chuckled, followed by Lauren wrapping her right arm above his body. Alena thought for a moment and said "Jenny, lie over his body!"

"Okay, thank you, dear!" Jenny chuckled as she thanked Alena and climbed over his body and slept on his chest. At the same time, Alena lifted his head and positioned her laps below him.

"Aren't you going to rest?" Mike raised his head and looked at Alena's face while asking.

"I am not that tried. Jenny is the most tired among us so she deserved to sleep above you. Olive needs your hand all the time especially now. Lauren is just happy to sleep with you. As for me, my bloodline makes me dozen times durable. I can easily stay like this for three days without eating or sleeping."

"So, just focus on your recuperation! Don't worry about anything else." Alena fondles his hair and looks at him with tenderness in her eyes. She felt extremely close to Mike after finding out about his reincarnation.

After all, she also came from the same world. And, she was also reincarnated in this world. Mike smiles at her and feels grateful for being reincarnated. What he dreamed in his previous life, he could accomplish here.

And, for him this was life was like a dream life. He could achieve anything from power to a harem in this world. And, he could also get rich. Slowly, he closes his eyes and fell asleep. Above him, Jenny had already fallen asleep.

Next to him, Lauren and Olive still had their eyes opened. Even when he fell asleep, Alena didn't stop massaging his hair. Her durability was insane. She could do every work done by Jenny, Lauren, Sunny, and other girls without taking a break.

Sunny is also on the list because her cultivation is quite low. Not as much as Liora, but she dies more than Liora does. After all, she needs to manage the Brothel. And, leaving in a brothel, she needs to control her sexual desire which is already a challenging part of her life.

It seemed Jenny's theory got wrong. Originally, she thought if Mike pounds them with his best, they will not ask for more until Mike takes the initiative.

But, it was the opposite. Because he pounded them so hard that now they need pounding again and again to fulfill their sexual desires. Fortunately, Mike's words stopped them from getting controlled by their lustful desires.

Alena stayed like that while Lauren and Olive also fell asleep.

......….

The next morning,

"Good morning, Alena!" Mike opened his eyes as the ray of light skipped from the window and fall on his eyes. As soon as he opened his eyes, he saw Alena looking at his face with a lovely smile on her lips.

"Good morning, hubby!" Alena mischievously smiled and replied.

"Ehh! Oh, so you are going to call me that." Mike got startled for a moment, but then a gleeful smile appeared on his lips as he spoke.

"Yep, we all want to call you that." Suddenly, Jenny, Olive, Lauren, and Alena spoke while being in their exact position. Hearing so many words at the same time, Mike got shocked but soon that same smile covered his face.

"Alright wives, now it's a new morning, let's start with a heavy breakfast!" Mike spoke as his stomach growled.

"Oh my god, Mike, you seriously need to eat less. If you start increasing your diet like this, then all the money we earn from our company will be spent on your meal alone." Alena screamed at his face after hearing his words.

Other girls rolled their eyes as well.

"Come on! I can't control my stomach. And, didn't we just buy a dungeon? Bring more meat from there. You can simply establish a supply channel and transport the meat from the dungeon, directly to the home."

"I guess, we could try to store those meats on a bigger refrigerator. And, Alena, can you contact your home and ask them to make a dimensional ring with the same feature of a refrigerator so that I can store food for a long time." Mike asked while sighing with his empty stomach.

Bam!

Suddenly, Alena punches his stomach and shouted "Food! Food! Food! Why don't you just start learning cooking and go hunt those monsters by yourself?"

"Ouch! You didn't have to hit me, you know? And, that's not a bad idea. I could do that. But, learning to cook seems like a hassle. And for your information, I only eat breakfast, lunch, snack, and dinner, nothing more."

"It's not my fault that I have eaten more than that just to fill my belly. So, you can't blame me."

"Ughhh! Just why do you have such a big stomach? And, why do you have such a slender body when you eat like a gorilla?" Mike got even more curious when Alena started yelling at him.

He didn't understand why she get angry whenever he eats a lot. But, suddenly her next words started him.

"You don't know just how many people in the world are dying due to starvation."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

At the breakfast, Mike couldn't eat more. He didn't know whether Alena was intentional or not. But, those words successfully decreased his hunger. After the breakfast, Mike couldn't help but ponder.

'Is she telling me to help those people in starvation?'

'But, if that's the case why can't she help them on herself? Her family is after all the top family in the world. She can easily afford it. Ahh! That made me remember. Her family is already taking care of the thousands of families whose family helped them in experiments.'

'And, her family's experiments already cost a lot. She said her Project God was successful from where she got that bloodline. Jenny told me that the project almost costs her thirteen trillion. It is also the highest budget project for which she had to sell most of her family possession while borrowing the loan..'

As he ponder more, he reached out of his bed and fell on it. Lying on his back, he lifts his hand and thought 'If only life was a little easy. Alena, Jenny, Lauren, Olive, Tori, Ava, every one of them has their own matters to deal with.'

Suddenly, he jerked up from the bed and thought 'It seems I must take things seriously now. With our current contribution badge, we can only buy two dark energy mines. But, that is only limited to the earth. If we try, we could probably get some dark energy mines in the outer space.'

'By the Claire, you have the function to search heavenly maiden and supreme fairies, right? Can you find Dark Energy Mine?' Mike asked as he rubbed his chin walking around the room.

Claire was bothered by his question. She didn't understand why Mike started thinking so much. But, she could sigh and reply.

"System is not omnipotent, you know? It can pinpoint the Dark Energy Mines. But, it can pinpoint the location with the highest amount of energy."

"But remember, your system is only capable of scanning the planet. If you want to search outer space. You must go out there and stand at different positions to find the location. For now, you should probably consider how to make that girl fall in love with you?"

'That's bothering me! You know I have already insulted her in front of the crowd. I can't believe in myself. Why did I have to be so stupid and emotional?' Mike could only sigh as well. As he had guessed, the next Heavenly Maiden that he must conquer is Thorn Princess.

This girl is going to be a heavy target. He wasn't sure whether she has reached the Commander Realm or not. But, he finds it difficult to conquer her because of that insult.

"Host, if you believe in me, then just say sorry to her! Sometimes, your words really hurt a woman especially when the woman is an arrogant girl. Text her a sorry message then try to call her. It will be hard but she will understand that you are trying to get her attention."

"This will once again make her arrogant. But, that's the advantage you are going to have. Once she gets arrogant, she will forget your insult and slowly start chatting with you." Claire sighed as she came out of his body.

She suddenly popped out a screen that had Thorn Princess's name and number. In level two, his system could work like a smartphone as well.

"Hush! Alright, write this!" Mike sighed and nods his head. Then, he closed his eyes for a moment before continuing "I'm sorry, Thorn Princess. After that day, I couldn't sleep, think, and even properly eat. I am an emotionally weak person. And, I was in the moment rage when I said that."

"I don't want to disturb relationship as a fellow genius of the earth. We have lots of enemies in the cosmos. And, if we split up, we can never defeat them. That's why I am trying to bring the geniuses of the earth together."

"During our adventure inside the tomb, we will have several enemies including Alkiwon Race and probably the people of Raven Organization. That's why we must stick together if we want to defeat them."

"That's why I want to launch a month's campaign where the top ten geniuses of every continent will get a chance to fight each other and improve themselves. I hope whatever I said during that time won't be a hindrance to our cooperation. If you want, I am willing to apologize in front of everyone."

Then he lifted his hand and clicked on the 'section'. But, suddenly Claire freaked out and shouted "Wait, wait, wait, what was that?"

"What do you mean? I am inviting all the geniuses of the earth to improve together." Mike frowned as he looked at Claire and answered while shrugging his shoulder.

"And, how come we didn't know about any of that? And, what do you mean by inviting all the geniuses of the earth to improve together? Do you think they will come?" Claire exploded in his rage and shouted at his face. Her rage made her even cuter. She was like a little fairy.

"Of course, they will come. I am going to the King's Academy to inherit that title. Once I do, I will have the resources and authority to call other geniuses. More importantly, this will be fun of everyone." Mike chuckled as he walked out of the room.

He saw Jenny and others as same they were before, checking different documents. He waved his hand at Jenny while walking towards her and said "Can you the airship? I am leaving for the King's Academy."

"Huh?" Jenny and other tilted their head with confusion. They almost forget that Mike was going to join the King's Academy.

"What's with that reaction? I can become the King of the King's Academy, right? I need that position for something. By the way, buy an inland near the dungeon! Wait, where is the dungeon exactly?" Mike sighed after seeing their reaction and spoke.

"Huhhhhhhhhhhhhhh?" Jenny and other's reactions got even bigger. They continuously stared at Mike for a long time.

"Ugh! I can't take this anymore. Why is the god so cruel? Give me my idiot Mike back!" Jenny spread her hand to the sky and shouted while looking at the ceiling.

"You are asking for the blessing, you know? That's not what we do." Mike raised his hand with his index finger pointing at her, thumb finger at the sky, and other finger closed.

"Shouldn't that be beating?" Alena tilts her head once again and asked.

"Of course not! How do you expect me to beat my lovely wives? That's why I can only shift the blame on the dog." Mike spoke but this time he made the same gesture with both of his hands after shaking his head.

"It's God," Olive spoke.

"Yeah, yeah! Just do as I said. I need to leave for the King's Academy." Mike suddenly made a serious expression as he shifted his gaze at Jenny and spoke.

"But, why would you need that title? In your current situation, it doesn't matter whether you get that title or not. After ten days, we will do our best to push you to the King's Realm." Jenny spoke.

"Nope, I am not going to reach King's Realm in a short time. First, it will damage my foundation. Second, I want to get stronger than other geniuses. You know what I mean right? I don't want to surpass them with my cultivation alone."

"Sword Demon, Chris, Jerry, Gabriel, Blood Demon King, that son of a bi*ch, every one of them is currently stronger than me. And, I couldn't possibly win against them without using the mode. And, I think modes should be used against the people like Atharos." Mike replied without revealing anything about the genius campaign.

"But, those modes aren't cheats. They are created by you using whatever you have. For the first mode, you risked putting your brain in danger along with your lifespan. For the second mode, you consume too much food and also can't control it properly, putting others in danger."

"They are not cheats. They are your blood and sweat. And, not using it against your enemy is kind of an insult to them." Jenny frowned as she spoke. She didn't understand why Mike wasn't willing to use those.

"You are right but you forgot something," Mike spoke. Hearing his words, Jenny looked at him with confusion along with other girls.

"You forgot my enemies aren't just these. Do you think I could possibly win against people like Alena? And, she had barely touched the surface of that bloodline. There are going to be stronger opponents and my enemies will only be stronger than the previous one."

"I do have lots of skills, two bloodlines, two physiques but they are not enough. At least, I haven't completely awakened them. Didn't you remember those celestials from the castle of Demon King Atharos?"

"They didn't have any cultivation or skill but with their bloodline alone, they were troublesome opponents. Celestials are supported by heaven. But, the problem is I haven't awakened my Celestial Bloodline completely."

"That's why only God of Sex Modes can become my trump card."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hearing his words, Jenny and other looked at him with the confused expression. Lauren then sighs "I still can't take it."

"Come on! It's not like I shouldn't change, right? And more importantly, even if I want to act like that, I can't. Something is a little wrong with my brain. As if I can't act properly, I need to show what I really am." Saying so, Mike slowly moved near Jenny and caught her hand.

Then, he pulls her into his embrace, surprising others. He then slightly kisses her lips and says "So, Milady, can I go?"

"Yes, but before that, you must explain. What do you mean by you won't reach King Realm right now? Are you saying that you won't fuck us?" Jenny was caught off-guard by that kiss. But she quickly regained her senses and asked.

"Nope, I will fuck you, all of you.. But, I won't increase my cultivation. What I mean is I will try to fuck at least one of each night. And, if you girls want twelve-some, I can give it to you. But, we won't be using that cultivation technique." Mike smirked as he looked at other girls with a slight lust in his eyes.

But, he quickly controlled it and spoke with a smile. He knows his girls are waiting for it but he had some other plans. He still needs to comprehend his own skills as well practice Heaven Lifting Giant Arm Arts But, before he practices that art, he must satisfy all the ladies.

Because once he starts he can't stop. That art is perfect for his physical strength. But, he also needs to focus on merging his spirit. Although his master guided him to some extent, he still couldn't comprehend it.

He was a little ashamed about the fact that he couldn't comprehend something from the guidance. That's why he couldn't contact his master about it. And, this is another reason why he wants to go to the King's Academy.

After all, if he can get that title, he could possibly ask for the dean's guidance. With so much expectation in his eyes, he looked at Jenny. But, she didn't notice it. She pressed a button on her watch and an airship landed on the roof.

"Go and don't forget your promise!" Then, Jenny slowly leaves his embrace while walking back to the sofa.

"By the way, you haven't answered me. Where is our dungeon?" Mike nods his head and just when he was leaving, his footstep halted. He turned back and asked.

"It is an island near South America. What do you want with information?" Jenny raised her head and answered.

"Well, I don't need it for anything. Just, buy another island near that island. And, also make it habitable within a week. Also, establish a hotel enough to accommodate the hundred people and also the seven stars."

"No, wait! Don't do it now. I will explain the detail after I get that title. Once I do, you need to buy that. So, for now, just keep an eye on a habitable island near the dungeon." Saying so, Mike instantly rushed towards the roof leaving others in confusion.

As soon as he appeared on the roof, the door of the airship opened. It was controlled by A.I., so he just grabbed the seat at the back. Grabbing the seat, he speaks "Take me to King's Academy!"

As he commands, the airship takes off from the roof and fires its thrusters to the northern side. While sitting on a seat, he was a little worried about whether they will accept him or not. After all, he was now a commander.

......…

After an hour,

Mike walks out of the airship as it lands on the ground. When he walks out, he sees a massive castle in front of him. The ground that held the castle was spread thousands of meters around while having greenery all over the place.

This place was built in the middle of five terrains. Fortunately, airships could still land between them. But, he had to park his airship way outside the castle. Currently, he stood nearly two miles away from the castle.

So, he had to walk towards it. There were many teenagers walking around. Some of them gave him quite overbearing auras. As most of them were top geniuses, Mike felt a little overwhelmed with a single arm.

And, this was the most problematic situation. As most of them recognized Mike, they couldn't understand when he lost his arm. Some did guess right while some were still confused. As he walked inside, a man walked near him.

He had tall height with wearing a black coat. He seems like Daniel but he was much more matured with his black mustache. He walks in front of Mike and extended his arm "Hello Mike Tyson, Welcome to the King's Academy!"

"Nice to meet you, Sir?" Mike was a little confused when he saw this man. He didn't know this man.

"My name is Thomas. I was a little stunned when your airship asked for landing permission in our academy land. Since we weren't sure whether you would still require our assistance." Thomas leaves a gentle smile as he tries to inquire about Mike's intention.

Because, when they tried to contact him, they were rejected by Jenny. She thought Mike no longer requires their intention, especially after that raid.

"I am here to fulfill my promise to my master. And, I am already the student of this academy, aren't I?" Mike smiled as he withdraw his hand and spoke.

"Of course, you are. Then, I shall call you student Mike. I am one of the professors of King's Academy. Let's grab a cup of tea while we talk!" Thomas slowly turned as with a smile as he leads Mike towards the castle.

On the way, Thomas asked "I didn't mean to doubt you or anything. But, are you sure you want to participate now? Currently, your condition doesn't seem, right? And, our students are much more powerful."

"Though, your cultivation makes it little hard to decide. Although we take lots of shortcuts during our cultivation, we still take a lot of time as well. But, that doesn't seem to exist for you."

"Well, this is also troubling me. I am not sure whether I can apply for the title in my cultivation. And, if possible I would avoid a fight for some time. Although I can still fight as hard as I used to, my total combat powers have significantly dropped." Mike spoke.

"If you want to skip the fight, it's not impossible. After all, currently, we only have two geniuses from Commander Realm excluding you. If I have to rank you, then it would be a monster rank. But for now, we have Blood Demon King who is at the peak of Commander Realm and Chris who is at the beginning of the Commander Realm."

"Former is nineteen while latter is eighteen. As you already know, Blood Demon King is entering the Divine Tomb alongside you and others. Then, there are two geniuses from Alkiwon's Race. It's going to be tough for you guys."

"Although you are also eighteen, you only started your cultivation two months ago. Even though you got help from the Ascending to Godhood, you still surpassed many people of your age." As he continued, they reached in front of the room.

Mike turned around but didn't see a single person. He looked at Thomas with confusion. Seeing that confused look, Thomas chuckled and extended his hand once again "Hello Student Mike! As I introduced, I am one of the professors of the academy and also one of the ten emperors."

"Sorry, I couldn't recognize you." Mike was startled by another handshake and when Thomas introduced himself once again, his jaws almost dropped to the ground. Emperor held a very high position on earth.

The greatest tournament of the year was instantly finished because of the death of twenty-one emperors. And, his master was kind of a person who was chased out of the earth. Yes, his master successfully left the earth but with a bad reputation.

But, nobody could say anything. Because he did kill twenty-one emperors. In other words, he wasn't chased out rather got an opportunity to leave. Although he didn't understand why his master did that. After all, he could've tried to reach get that title while he was a Soldier.

But, since his master already left the earth, he didn't need to inherit that title. He didn't show any willingness to inherit it either. That's why Jenny refused Thomas's and King's Academy invitations without asking him.

"That's okay! In fact, we are startled by your appearance. Since you want to inherit that title, you should first talk to a person." Saying so, he leads Mike inside the room. When they entered the room, it was astounding.

Calling astounding would be an understatement. The pillars are designed with gold and diamond. A chair that was specifically built for a ruler. And, a man sitting on that chair wears a white coat and pants with silver hair like Mike with bluish eyes. His handsomeness could charm even the Heavenly Maidens.

He had his right leg folded over the left as both of his palms were connected. He slowly raised his head and spoke "Mike Tyson, I was waiting for you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside Ascending to Godhood

"So, where are we going?" Mantle followed Daniel while asking. They were walking through trees in a forest.

"Come on! Just follow me." Daniel smirked while looking at the watch on his wrist. There was a special map on it which showed a red dot. They were following that red dot.

After few minutes of running, they reached their targeted location. In front of them, a young man was standing with two swords in his hand. Each sword released lightning as he swings it around.

Bang!

Just when he tried to swing against a wolf, a red flame burst out.. Two wings formed out of flames on the back of Mantle increased by his speed. Lucas who had barely swing his sword got surprised by the flames but still blocks the opponent with another sword.

The flame's wings moved in front of him as they tried to pierce Lucas but got blocked by his sword. Mantle's eyes got red as he slowly falls into the madness upon seeing Lucas. And, the same thing happened when Lucas saw Mantle's face.

Boom!

Suddenly, the black wings appeared behind him increasing his strength. The lightning generated by his body doubled. It infused with his sword and landed on Mantle's body but when it collided against the flame covering his body, the lighting and flames exploded.

The explosion got so massive that it sucked both of them into it. But, both Lucas and Mantle had a thin layer of lightning and flame to protect themselves from the opponent's element. As for their own, they didn't get hurt by it.

Both had a hundred percent synchronization with their elements, so they weren't hurt by it. The explosion didn't impact Lucas as much as it did to Mantle. When he was pushed back, Mantle looked at Lucas with madness and shouted "How could you have higher cultivation than me?"

"How? How? How? How?"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Boom!

Forming a sword made out of flames, Mantle strikes Lucas from different directions. Although Lucas could cope with his attacks, it only got wilder. Although Lucas was also mad, his mind was much clearer than Mantle's.

Mantle was falling harder into madness due to cultivation.

"Fire Laser!"

Whoosh! Bang!

Suddenly, a figure landed behind Lucas and shot a red burning stream of fire towards Lucas from his back. The attack was very sudden but Lucas still saw that. Sword Spirit and Slaughter Spirit overlapped his left sword as he sliced through the red fire laser.

But, as soon the fire laser got split in half, the two parts explode. As Lucas fell between two parts, his body got engulfed by the explosion.

Whoosh!

But, suddenly two black wings fluttered, creating a massive impact of wind. It forced the fire to move away while Lucas fly up to the sky. As soon as he reached the sky, he raised his right sword high and infused the lightning in it.

"Lightning Dragon Sword Art- Lightning Dragon Bolts"

His sword released the lightning to the sky. In an instant, the black clouds covered the sky and a bolt of lightning fell. Just when it reached halfway, the lightning bolt transformed into a dragon that descended from the sky.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The first lightning dragon bolt was followed by several other lightning dragon bolts. They fell over Mantle and Daniel like a storm.

"Fire Shield!"

"Earth Shield!"

"Wind Shield!"

"Tri-edged Golden Shield!"

Daniel instantly laid out three circular shields and one triangular shield above them. When the lightning dragon bolts collided against the fire shield, the explosion occurred. It was so massive that the trees surrounding them were uprooted from the land.

Bang! Bang! Crack! Crack! Boom!

As soon as the fire shield broke, the lightning fell on the earth shield. This shield was much more powerful than the fire shield and blocked lots of attacks. But, it soon cracked and got blasted into pieces.

Bangggggggg!

Against the windshield, only one lightning bolt was enough. The wind wasn't supposed to be used for defense but it did its job. Because of the collision, the wind scattered with an immense pressure that knocked Lucas away.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

But, the lightning dragon bolts didn't stop and continued piercing the last shield. The golden shield was created by the golden energy which prevented the lightning from leaking out for a long time.

'Damn! This guy has improved so much. He was just a weak chicken when we fought. But, how could his lightning improve so much? Is it because of that black wings? That does seem like the wings of angels but they were supposed to be either golden, yellow, or white.'

'So, why does he have black wings? Damn! I almost forgot. He also participated in that raid which means his cultivation rose by five ranks. No wonder, he was so far ahead. If we keep on fighting like this, we might lose.'

Crack! Crack! Crack! Boom!

Daniel gritted his teeth while trying to find the solution for this battle. He came here to hunt Lucas but it backfired him. His golden shield was also cracked by the lightning dragon bolts. And, only after few more strikes, it got completely shattered.

"Devils' Blooming Lotus Kick!"

Suddenly, the dark purple flames burned out. Mantle infused his leg with the dark purple flames and kicked up in the sky. The flames came out in the form of a small folded flower. When the leaves slowly unfolded, the purple lotus spun as it attracted the lightning inside it.

Boom!

After attracting every lightning dragon bolt on it, the purple lotus exploded. The explosion was so big that Lucas was sent flying even higher and Mantle was smashed to the ground. Lucas didn't suffer manage damage but the impact of wind flow caused some cuts all over his body.

'Mantle, this time I will take revenge for my brother.'

Seeing those purple flames, Lucas completely ignored the bleeding and flapped his black wings. He dropped straight towards Mantle while crossing both of his swords at each other.

"Lightning Dragon Sword Art- Lightning Angel Fall!"

The latest creation of his sword art. Using the wings to generate immense speed, he can cut someone even before they could realize anything. His sword pointed towards Mantle in an attempt to stab him. But when he reached in front of Mantle, cold air blew around him.

"Devouring the Heaven!"

Mantle raised his hand towards Lucas and released his blue spirit. It gathered around at his palm and condensed a whirlpool. Just the moment it appeared, the flames spread around them, covering them into a spherical domain.

Inside the domain, the lightning of the sword got sucked inside the whirlpool while the sword stabbed his chest. But, at this moment Mantle didn't die. His condition was completely changed. The dark purple flame around his eyes, legs, and hands

The blue spirit around his chest. But, Lucas' sword spirit successfully pierced it. But, Mantle raised his hand and caught the sword. He held the sword hard in his hand and pushed it out.

As soon as the sword came out, his wounds completely healed. Before Lucas could make any movement, Mantle slashed his nails condensed with purple flame at Lucas's chest.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

"Teleport!"

But, suddenly Mantle disappeared along with Daniel. As they appeared hundreds of meters away, Daniel sighed "Man, you are not ready for the complete demon transformation. Your body will crumble after using it. Hush! Boss, you put a huge burden on my shoulder."

Wrapping Mantle with a special chain, he took him away. At this current state, Mantle couldn't even recognize Daniel so he tried to attack. But, those chains binds him so hard that he couldn't even move. Although his flames were intensely hot, they couldn't melt the chain as well.

As soon as Mantle disappeared, Lucas only had a blank expression on his face. He clenched his fist so hard that his nails pierced his skin. He turned his head at the sky and roared "Damn it!"

Lucas naturally understood he would have died if he had to fight Mantle in that state. For a moment, he couldn't even call him Mantle. After all, everything from expression to power level changed to the extreme.

Outside the Ascending to Godhood.

"Waiting for me? You knew I would come here?" Mike looked at the person in front of him with a suspicious gaze. He didn't understand why this person was waiting for him. And more importantly, how did he know Mike would come here?

"You seriously don't think that you can merge your spirits with the instruction left by your master, do you?" The man smirked as he replied sitting in his position.

"What do you mean?" Mike got a little gloomy. He didn't understand whether this man was insulting him or his master.

"Don't be mad! I already knew that he has given you the instruction. But, without a certain help, you can never merge the spirits. Those things are just basics that you must remember. As for the true amalgamation, it needs help from a certain person." The man slowly rose from his seat and walked towards Mike.

"You mean I need external help to merge my spirits?" Mike asked as his expression returned to normal.

"Kind of! How about visiting a special chamber with me?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike suspiciously glanced at the man in front of him. He thought for a moment before asking "Are you perhaps the dean of King's Academy?"

"Yep," The dean nods his head making Mike fall in silence. Finally, he nods his head. In response, the dean clasped his hand with surprise and walks towards the left side of the room. There was a door connected to it.

He opens the door and both of them walk inside while Thomas waits outside. Although Mike had already expected this, he was still surprised to make an emperor wait outside. After entering the door, Mike finds a hallway instead of a room.

It seemed long as well. On the way, the dean turned his head at Mike and said "I'm sorry, Mike but I can't give you the King Title."

"Huh! I thought you were going to test me first.. Isn't that the reason why we are going to this special chamber?" Mike's footstep halted as his face was overwhelmed with surprise. He didn't expect the dean would bluntly reject him.

"Well, I can't give you that title. You must be the soldier to try. And, considering your current strength, you won't be able to face off against your contender in the same realm. After all, you don't expect me to let you fight a soldier with the same cultivation, do you?" The Dean smiled as he asked.

Mike froze for a moment, then shook his head and said "No!"

"That's why I can't give you that title. Of course, that's not the reason why we are here. Didn't I tell you previously? You can't merge spirits with external help. This place will give you that help." The dean spoke as he strode in the hallway.

"Does that mean my master also merged two spirits here?" Mike turned his head at the dean and asked.

"Yes, not only him some other people as well. I was fortunate enough to encounter this place in my life. I don't know how this thing got here but it seemed to be left by that person." The dean chuckled but when he mentioned his last words, deep seriousness and admiration appeared in his eyes.

"Who is that person? Do you know?" Mike got curious about the identity of the person, so he hurriedly asked.

The dean paused for a moment and replied "Well, it is not so bad to learn more about him. We call him the first ancestor. He is the first human who joined that group. He is the strongest person in our universe. And, he is also known as Spirit King. But, his name is Van D."

"I don't know anything about his last name. But, his first name is quite famous in the entire universe. He is also the person who has invented that external force to help others merge the spirits. It was found that people no matter how much they try can't merge two spirits."

"And, he is the only person known in the universe who has merged the spirits on his own. It could be because of his one-time occurrence physique 'Spirit God Body' that allows him to merge it. Or, it could be simply fate."

"No matter what it might be, the results are clear. Except for him, nobody can merge this on their own.  Only this external force can help you merge your spirits."

"Oh! Look we have arrived!" While explaining, both of them reached in front of a door. This door was quite large and made of gold. The dean walked to the side and pressed the password as well done the retina scanned and heartbeat scanned.

As soon as he was done, the door opened silently. Mike let the dean enter the room first and followed him. As they entered the room, Mike's attention got grabbed by a black stone hovering in the mid-sky. The black stone didn't seem peculiar except for the fact that it could float.

Mike thought for a moment before he walked near the stone. Suddenly, the dean spoke, "Hold that stone in your hand while you try to merge the spirit."

Mike's footsteps halted but soon continued as he reached out the stone. As soon as he held it, he suddenly fell on his knees.

Thud!

"Mike, you got to have the strong willpower otherwise it will devour your spirits." The dean shouted as he slowly walked back to the walls and leaned on them.

"And, you are telling me that now!!!!" Mike screamed as he felt a massive force suppressing him down. The force only gets stronger. Mike understands his willpower is not that high. Suddenly, he grits his teeth and says "If you want spirits, then I will give you some!"

"Ahhhhhhhhh!"

Mike screams as he releases his spirits. Fighting Spirit, Slaughter Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, and Chaos Spirit. When the first four spirits were released in the shape of the gas, they got sucked by the stone but when the chaos spirit appeared, a magical thing happened.

The dark spirit that seems completely different than other spirits stayed above him. It was none other than Chaos Spirit.

He hasn't used Chaos Spirit all this time. Even though he owns one, he doesn't have the strength to use it. But, he knows Chaos Spirit is powerful. And, his thoughts were correct. The moment Chaos Spirit appeared, it released dark energy.

This dark energy collided with the stone. After colliding with it, his spirits suddenly exploded inside the stone. Chaos Spirit took the form of liquid as it coats the stone. The Chaos Spirit doesn't enter the stone but keeps on influencing other spirits.

This scene shocked the dean. He rubbed his eyes to see whether this is really true or not. After few seconds, four blue energies were released out of the stone. As soon as those spirits came out of the stone, they started vibrating with greater force.

"Ugh!"

The force smashed Mike's internal organs, making him cough out blood. He held his body on his knees and forearm while coughing the blood on the floor. Suddenly, the chaos spirit that had surrounded the stone erupted even more.

Boom! Crack! Crack!

An explosive sound rang from the stone. After few seconds, few cracks began to appear at the stone.

"Mike stop! Your spirit is destroying the stone. You need to stop right now!" The dean appeared next to Mike in an instant. He tried to hold the stone but the chaotic spirit suddenly pushed away. He crouched down as he tried to convince Mike.

But, Mike couldn't hear him properly. His eyes were blurring. He was continuously coughing out blood as his condition only got worsen.

'Damn! This is a problem. No, it is a big problem. I must contact the first mistress. Fast! Fast!' Inside his brain, Claire started trembling at her sight. She didn't expect his condition to get worse.

While she tried to call Jenny, Mike had several different thoughts in his mind.

'What is going on? Why is this happening again and again?'

'What should I do? How can I come out alive? I must live. I must live to fulfill my dream.'

'But, I can't feel it. My heart? What is happening? Why is it slowing down?'

'My eyes? Please don't shut down! What---- is going....'

After that, his eyes completely shut down. His heartbeat also starts beating at the slowest rate. Suddenly, the chaos spirit released an intense power. As if it was truly angered. The power was so intense that even the dean was blown away.

Mike's condition was worsened but the chaos spirit was still protecting him. And, at this moment, another explosion occurred.

Boom!

The stone suddenly broke into pieces. But, something accompanied this explosion. A black whirlpool appeared in the same exact place. The moment it appeared, chaos spirit along with other spirits got sucked inside his body.

At the same time, the whirlpool sucked Mike inside it.

"MIKE!!!"

A few seconds later, the whirlpool disappeared while Elizabeth appeared. When she screamed, the entire planet turned silent.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, David appeared in the same cave. He clicked at the microphone attached to his ears and shouted "Activate Defense GD"

"But sir, we only have charged it to twenty-five percent. We need that much for our upcoming task." An anxious voice rang in his ears.

"Damn! Do it now or we won't even have the battleground for our task." David shouted with an anxious expression.

At the same time,

A miracle happened. The earth became completely invisible to the universe with a massive barrier surrounding the earth. The power released by Elizabeth collided against the barrier and got blocked by it.

"Hu!" Seeing the barrier blocking Elizabeth's powers, David released a breath of relief and turned his head at Elizabeth. He inhaled a massive amount of air and shouted "MIKE IS STILL ALIVE. YOU CAN'T SENSE HIM BECAUSE HE HAS GONE TO A COMPLETELY NEW UNIVERSE."

When those words reached her ears, she slowly calmed down and turned her head at David. Only when she calmed down, David sighed and disappeared along with her.

That day, every single being on earth had passed out!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Jenny, what happened? Why did mom suddenly left?" Lauren dashed in front of Jenny and shouted. When she touched Jenny, she felt Jenny was trembling. She didn't understand for a moment. She has never seen Jenny act like that.

Jenny was literally shaking with great fear in her heart. Slowly, tears burst out of her eyes as she jumped into Lauren's body. Lifting her head, tears fell down from her cheeks as she shouted "Mike, I---I can't feel him."

"Waaaaaa!"

Whoosh! Bang!

Suddenly, a figure caught Jenny and smashed to the wall. A pair of hands wrapped around Jenny's neck, as Alena glared with intense killing intent "What do you mean? What happened?"

Slap!

Suddenly, Lauren slapped Alena on her cheeks and broke free Jenny from her clutched.. She puts Jenny on the ground and grabbed her shoulder, shouting "What the hell are you doing? You almost choked her to death."

"But, she said she can't sense Mike. Doesn't that mean..." Before Alena could say further, Lauren pushed and shouted "Go back to your room! And, don't come out till I say so."

Alena didn't want to leave but she shuddered when she looked Lauren's eyes. It wasn't fear of strength. It was the fear to status and love. She turned around and left to her room.

"Sniff! Sniff! Sniff! MIKE!" Suddenly, Lauren heard a person crying from behind. She turned around and saw Olive on the floor, crying.

She didn't try to console her. Instead, she walked to Jenny and grabbed her shoulder "Hey, what do you think you are doing?"

Hearing this question, time paused for Jenny. She didn't understand why Lauren asked such question. But, she understood the meaning behind it. She knew what Lauren was trying to imply. She bit her lips and tears slide down her eyes "But, I----- I can't sense him."

"So what? You are not omnipotent. There are things that you can't sense. There are place where he can be but you can't sense. The spell in our mind is still there. He is not dead. It's just you can't sense him." Lauren shook her shoulder and shouted at her face, trying to bring her back.

"B—But, mom! That look on her face." Jenny was just in front of her when Elizabeth disappeared. She knew how much anxiety was on her face. Elizabeth was also shaking just like her.

"But, that doesn't mean he is dead. Mom is not omnipotent. That spell, it is still working, right? And, how can Mike die? He still hasn't become God of Sex. He still hasn't gone the great adventure. He still hasn't fucked all Thirteen Heavenly Maiden and Four Supreme Fairies."

"You are his first wife. Sniff! Sniff! You are our first mistress. If you get shaken, Sniff! Sniff! Whom can we rely on?" Lauren started tearing up. She was holding back. She didn't cry. Jenny was supposed to be the backbone.

But, she cried. And, if no one step up to control it, then everything will crumble. Lauren understands this. That's why she didn't cry. She took that role and controlled Alena. She knew she can't rely on Olive. So, she took the role to console Jenny.

But, just how long can she hold? She knew Jenny has a special connection with Mike that can allow her to sense his position. But, now she couldn't hold any longer. She wasn't strong. She only hoped that she could calm Jenny down.

And, she succeed. Seeing Lauren cheeks covered in tears, Jenny wiped away her own tears and then Lauren's. Finally, she took a deep breath and said "We can't make any decision right now. Let's wait till mom returns."

Whoosh!

"Wow daughter! I didn't expect to see you crying like that." Suddenly, a familiar voice rang on her ears. She immediately turned her head and saw her dad standing beside Elizabeth.

"Dad!" Seeing her dad, Jenny instantly jumped in his embrace. When she felt his warm hand wrapped around her head, she lifts her head with tears and spoke "Dad, Mike, I can't sense him."

"Mom, what happened?" Lauren rushed in front of Elizabeth and asked. But, Elizabeth couldn't answer her. Seeing those tears, she felt pain in her heart. Although she has confirmed that he is alive, she doesn't know what his conditions are.

She silently looked at David. For a moment, silence flash in the house.

After ten minutes,

"So, we don't know his condition. But, he is definitely alive. He might have entered somewhere far and distant universe. Though it would be a difficult path for him." David concluded his words as he stood up.

He turned around at Jenny and said "What you want to do is your own choice. This might be an ultimate trial for you girls."

When Jenny and Lauren heard those words, they bit their lips. They knew what he was talking about. They might love him the most, but not every girl loves him that way. And, more importantly, they were almost falling for the lust.

If it wasn't for Mike, they would've fell for it. And, once Mike would leave, they would turn into nothing but cheap whores. But, only handful of people know about that. And, even if they could control themselves, there is no guarantee that Mike would return.

After all, most of them were still teenagers. And, they still got a long life to live. They don't want to waste their life in hope. And, it would really be an ultimate challenge for them.

Except, Jenny had nothing but a mere smile on her lips "What are you saying, dad? Since, Mike is alive, there is no way we could ever betray him."

Suddenly, the blood thrust and killing intent rose from her eyes as she continued "And, if anyone does, I will severe their head from their bodies."

"Calm down! We are not going around severing their heads. Didn't you understand his meaning? Those who choose to be in his harem will stay and those who doesn't want to be will leave. Of course, if anyone tries to taint his reputation, we'll severe their heads." Lauren sighed and put Jenny back to her seat as she spoke.

David sighed and turned his head at Elizabeth "You don't have anything to worry about. Your son is fine. And, if your daughters in law will soon improve their strength and search for him. Or, maybe he can come back by himself."

Elizabeth could only nod her head in distress. David sighed once again and left. As soon as he left, he reappeared in that same chamber. He instantly released a blue barrier since he knew what will happen next.

"Damn you, David! Did you forget how much I had to invest just to get that stone? And, now it's gone. That lad broke it into pieces in front of my eyes." The dean grabbed David's collar and shouted out at his face.

Hearing his words, David sighed "Wasn't I the one who gave you that? Since I can give you one, I can give you another. And, don't worry it will be free this time."

"If you say so, but why did you take such a risk to send that kid away? It won't be much of a hassle for you, right?" The dean asked with a curious expression on his face.

"He will be. He might not be a good guy but he can't see the people that are together with him in trouble. I have chased Tiger out of the earth and we are at the loss of twenty-one emperors. We won't be able to hold on against those big guys."

Suddenly, he turns his head towards the west and muttered "I have cleared the path for you, Ravens. Show me a minor slaughter! Do as I planned like a nice little pawn."

When he said that, there was an evil smirk on his lips.

.......

Inside a hut, a man was laying on the bed. He was wrapped with bandages and one of his arms was missing. He slowly opens his eyes and muttered "Status!"

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 2

Cultivation- Commander Realm- First Rank (Eighth Evolution) (Blocked)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element (Blocked)

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-1), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-1)

STR: 32000

AGI: 30000

INT: 20000

STM: 32000

DEF: 32000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+10000 STR), Super Speed (+10000 AGI), Super Endurance (+10000 DEF)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture (Blocked)

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain (Blocked)

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina (Blocked)

Will and Spirit- Slaughter Will, Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Will, Fighting Spirit, Spear Will, Spear Spirit, Blood Will, Blood Spirit, Chaos Will, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, and 13 others

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*3"

"System has detected new change in environment. Would you like to restart the system?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"System Restart! 3…2….1"

...…

"System Initiating! System reload!"

"System scanning! Scan complete! New world detected!"

"Altering the settings! Setting Altered!"

"Your Yin-Yang Harmony System 2.0 is ready!"

"Would you like to load it?"

'Yes,' Mike commands through his thought. His body was too much injured to move. Not to mention, he didn't have even an ounce of stamina..

The next second, a new panel appeared in front of him. This panel was a little different than his usual panel.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 2

Cultivation- Zero

User- Mike Tyson

Spiritual Root- None

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-1), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-1)

STR: 32000

AGI: 30000

INT: 0

STM: 32000

DEF: 32000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+10000 STR), Super Speed (+10000 AGI), Super Endurance (+10000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony

Martial Arts- None

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0 (Can't be used), Godspeed Mode 2.0 (Can't be used)

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, and 13 others

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*3"

'Wait a freaking moment! Don't tell me I landed in the world of cultivation? A real freaking cultivation world controlled by the immortals and martial artists.' For a moment, Mike freaked out. He almost bit his lips to check whether this is a dream or not.

Creek!

But, he didn't need to wait longer. Suddenly, a small girl walked inside as she opened the door. Mike slightly turned his eyes on her. That girl was nearly four feet. She had a porcelain look wearing a pink skirt.

But, her body was skinny. Just from the look, he could see this girl is suffering from malnutrition. At this moment, Mike cursed his fate once again. He knew he was super hungry. But, he can't ask a person who is already suffering from malnutrition.

"Big brother, you are awake! Wait here, I will call the grandpa." The girl saw Mike looking at her and screamed with surprise. Mike sighed as he knew how the plot will advance.

'Damn you plot armor, you are making me save people that I don't even know.'

After two minutes, an old man along with the little girl arrived inside the hut. The old man was wearing gray tattered clothes and had wrinkles on his face. He was supporting his body with a stick.

He walked near Mike and said "Little Brother, you are finally awake! I thought you wouldn't make it considering your injuries."

"When I found you near the Black Tiger Mountain, I was shocked. You were surrounded by many wolves but none of them dared to come close to you. After a long time, they left and I took you to this place."

"Oh! Thank you for saving!" Mike instantly thought of Chaos Spirit after hearing his words. He knew his chaos spirit was much more unique than he expected.

"It's alright! When you do good things, you will get good rewards. This is what we believe." The old man smiled and spoke with a high spirit. But, when Mike looked at his body, he knew that was harsh truth.

The old man also had the same body as his granddaughter.

"Bang! Bang! Bang!"

"Villagers, take out our protection fee!"

"Oh no! Those people are here once again." The old man suddenly freaked out as he heard those words. As for Mike, he could only sigh.

'Man, can't you just change the script? It's just the same old script.'

'System, buy the Restoration Divine Ability!'

Mike commanded through his thoughts and a new divine ability imprinted on his brain. Restoration Divine Ability doesn't have many uses. It does only one thing. It restores his stamina to the original state.

This is normally used during sex. But, Mike never really needed it. Since he could go on forever during sex with Unlimited Sex Stamina. But, this has one side effect. He must eat enough within twenty-four hours to restore his original stamina as well as the stamina he got through this divine ability.

"Little Brother, you are still weak. Don't come out! We'll be back in few minutes." Saying so, the old man ran out with his granddaughter.

Mike sighed and slowly got up from the bed. He didn't remove those bandages since his body was still healing properly. His injuries were really deep. Even with Celestial Bloodline, he could barely heal his body.

He turned his head at the door when he heard some noise. He sighed and muttered "I should wait till climax. I think I should probably stop thinking too much. I knew whenever I start thinking, something bad will happen."

"I don't want to repeat that same past. Living the life of a sucker, training to act smart, reasoning with others in fear, everything sucks. The only justice in this world is fist. I understand. I need to awaken that Will."

"Only then I can walk in the path of God of Sex. If you can punch a hole through the chest of a genius, why try arguing with him? Strength! It's all I need. And, probably this is the world where I can learn my true path."

"This is the world is the origin of cultivation. This world holds the true essence of cultivation. This world is all about cultivation. I don't have spiritual roots. But, from several novels I've read, I know there is some artificial spiritual root."

"I just need to find one and improve my strength. I need to return back to my world. Claire, are you on?" Mike asked as he suddenly remembered Claire.

He did hear Claire's voice but it was like the recorded voice rather than her natural voice.

"Thankfully, I am on. I didn't expect we would come to this world." Claire spoke making him relieve. He was really worried about Claire.

"Have you visited this world?" Mike asked with a surprise on his face.

"Yes, and I think we are in a big trouble," Claire spoke with a deadly serious voice. It was shaking a little as well.

"Don't worry about those! We can face the trouble but the problem would be others. Do you have any method to send messages to Jenny and others?" Mike asked as he frowned. He was worried about his mom and other girls.

"There is a way. But, it might take nearly a month." Claire nods her head as she spoke.

"Alright, write a message from me. Tell them not to worry about other things. I will try to return as soon as I can." Mike spoke with a satisfied expression. He was really worried for a second.

"That's a problem we have. We can't leave as soon as you are healed. This is a world of cultivation. Unlike our world, it has many people ruling from heaven or we could call it the Universal Spirit. Unlike our universal spirit, this world's majority is controlled by those people."

"And, they won't allow anyone to leave this world. Because leaving this world means surpassing them, and surpassing them is not okay. They are the people who dominate the weak and fear the strong. If you want to get stronger than them, then you have to climb up a large ladder."

"This large ladder is the cultivation realms of this world. And, you don't even have spiritual roots. How about this? Instead of telling them that you'll return as soon as you can, tell them, we can meet in the multiverse."

"In the multiverse?" Mike wasn't surprised about the fact that he heard multiverse but rather surprise because he didn't know he would have improved so much.

"Yes! If you reach the Void World, you can literally move from universe to universe. And, once you break through the Void World and reach the higher ream, you can leave the entire multiverse." Claire explained while nodding her head like a bird.

"Wait a minute! I don't understand. Isn't the multiverse place filled with universes? You are talking like it is a higher world." Mike stopped her as he asked with confusion on his face.

"It is the higher world. Uncountable universes exist within the multiverse but some universes are weak, while some are strong. This universe is at the peak of the Lower World. That means this universe is strong among weak."

"But, it is nothing compared to the weakest universe in the Higher World. That is the true multiverse and also our destination. I know this is going to take a long time but we got to try. We need to reach the peak and enter the Higher World. We can meet others there as well."

"For now, let's just focus on things in front of us," Claire explained and took a deep breath.

"Please let my granddaughter go!" Suddenly, a shout rang in his ears. Hearing this, Mike smirked and said "Claire, let the lighting and camera be ready! This is going to be the most unique entry in the most casual scenes."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Outside the house, there were few men sitting on massive wolves. All of them were wearing black t-shirt along with black pants. There was another person standing in front of them while facing the crowd. He was clutching the arm of the little girl while kicking the old man away.

Most of those crowds were the villagers. They were quite poor and need to pay money for the protection that they do not want to seek rather they were forced to. Their village was quite close to a forest.

This was a heaven and hell for them. Being poor people without strength, they couldn't live in other places. This was the only place where they could find many fruits and vegetables to eat. Sometimes, they even encounter dead demon beasts.

Demon Beasts are the evolved animals that were prone to slaughter.. And, weak creatures were their perfect prey. As much as this place was heaven for those people, it was also hell due to those demon beasts.

And, the people who possess strength take money in return for protection. But, these people were forced to do so. The demon beast rarely attacks their village. In fact, it hasn't attacked the village at all. Although some people became the food of those demon beasts while searching for food, the village never suffered.

Until these people arrived. They used some techniques to lure the demon beasts to the village and killed them for the sake of showing their power. And, after that, they started collecting protection fees from villagers.

They are sucking these villagers dry to the point where children are born with malnutrition.

Whoosh!

Bang! Splash!

Suddenly, a figure dashed towards that man like the wind. His body was unseen by those people as he arrived in front of the man who was holding the child. Although his body was wrapped by the bandages, his crimson eyes froze his spine.

Before that man could figure out anything, a fist smashed on his face. While smashing his face, Mike caught the girl. His punch was so strong that the eyes and veins inside his head burst out as he fly hundreds of meters away.

"Wh---oo is he?"

"Boss, he is dead. Runaway! Runaway!"

When the man landed on the ground with his head splattering blood, other people that were riding the wolf realized everything that just happened. They didn't even look at Mike before escaping. But, suddenly appeared in front of one of them.

Mike couldn't use anything related to his innate abilities and that includes his ability energy. But, his Void Law never relied on it. This law consumes his stamina and his own comprehension. Though it required space essence at the start, it doesn't matter anymore.

Snapping his finger, Mike appeared and smashed on the head of another person. He slightly kicked the wolf to the ground. He couldn't let his potential dinner run away, can he?

After that, he continued snapping his finger few more times before he completely eliminated the entire group. Mike didn't understand their power level. But, their physical body was fragile like a baby.

Compared to the person whose strength is equal to the strength of thirty-two thousand average human males combined, that is nothing. This was even easier than he thought. But, it's all thanks to his fast speed.

He wasn't sure whether they could hurt him with their offensive move. He slowly turned around and dragged his bloody bandaged body in front of the crowd. When he appeared in front of them, all of them bowed down and shouted.

"Thank you benefactor for killing those thugs!"

Although they weren't sure whether Mike was a good guy or not, they didn't hesitate to thank him. Mike was a little startled by their response. He thought they would look at him as a monster or at least got shocked by his strength and fear him.

But, they didn't seem to have such a reaction. They were beaming with smiles and covered with tears. Those hungry faces and bodies made Mike bit his lip. He didn't know why but those words rang once again in his mind.

'You don't know just how many people in the world are dying due to starvation.'

Did Alena said that because she knew about these people? No, this is a completely different universe. But, even so, her words were true. There are people dying due to starvation. And, these people are just one of the group among many others.

He knows he shouldn't trust someone so easily but he can't just ignore humanity or the people. He slightly turned his head at other villagers and asked "Can you cook?"

The villager looked at each other and nodded their head. Then, Mike nods his head while walking towards those wolves. He lifts his spear and pierced deep inside them. There were nearly seven massive eight-foot-tall and fifteen-foot-long wolves.

After killing them, he walked towards those villagers and said "Cook those wolves tonight! Let's have a feast!"

Then, he turned his head at the old man who was supporting his granddaughter and said "Let's go inside! I need some information."

The old man nodded his head and his granddaughter followed him while peeking some glances at Mike. Unfortunately, he was wrapped in bandages. So, she couldn't see his handsomeness. That was his thoughts when he saw her glances.

After moving in, the old man kneeled in front of him and said "Thank you for saving my granddaughter, benefactor!"

"It's okay! I can't let my savior get insulted like that. And, I need information about this place as well." Mike shook his hand as he walked towards the bed.

Although he could move easily, his wounds were still not healed. That's why he needed the proper rest. The old man walked in front of him and asked "So benefactor, what would you like to know?"

"Tell everything you know about this place!" Mike nods his head and asked.

The old man looked at Mike with a weird gaze but still nodded his head and explained "This village is known as Yellow Stone Village. Our village is on the border of Black Tiger Mountain. This whole forest and our small village are under the rule of Great Sun Kingdom."

"It is currently ruled by a royal family. I am not much knowledgeable about the Great Sun Kingdom but I know some details. There are eight great sects ruled by eight great families. These families are directly associated with the royal families."

Mike lifts his chin a little as he heard the information about his current position. He rested his cheek on his fist as he asked "What's your name?"

"My name is Yu Gan and my granddaughter's name is Yu Yufei. I had a son and a daughter-in-law who both died in the mouth of those demon beasts." The old man Yu Gan answered with sorrow and pain in his heart.

'I didn't ask your history.' Mike gave him a sharp look but quickly changed his gaze and asked "Can you tell me more about the sect?"

"For the sect, it would be a better idea to ask the village chief. Should I call him?" Yu Gan asked while embarrassedly rubbing his head.

Mike nods his head while Yu Gan rushed out of the hut. Silently he glanced at the girl who was constantly sneaking a peek at him. He slightly turned his head at her and asked "Are you curious about me?"

Yu Yufei was a little frightened by his words. But, still nodded her head with slight fear in her heart.

"How old are you?" Mike asked while looking at her deeply. Although he knew he shouldn't bore those intentions, he wasn't able to control his feelings.

"10!" Yu Yufei replied while shyly burying her head down.

"Oh! Then, what are you curious about?" Mike asked.

Yu Yufei hesitated for a moment before asking "Are you a cultivator?"

"What makes you think that?" Mike smiled as he asked again.

"You killed those bad guys so easily." Yu Yufei immediately answered.

"Aren't you afraid of killing?" Mike asked.

"My parents got eaten while saving me. I don't fear killing." Yu Yufei shook her head with a trace of sadness in her eyes. Mike sighed when he saw her expression. He could feel just how much pain was it for a child like her to see her parent's death.

Before he could say anything, Yu Gan entered the hut with another old man. This old man seemed a little healthier but his old age made him no different than Yu Gan.

"Benefactor, do you want to know something specific about those sects or just common information? If it is a piece of specific information, then I might not know everything. But, if it is common information, then I will do my best to answer all of your questions." The Village Chief spoke as he bowed in front of Mike.

"You can simply tell me everything you know about them. And, don't bow every time you see me!" Mike felt a little uncomfortable by their respect. Yu Gan and the village chief looked at each other with surprise but soon nodded their head.

"Benefactor, let's start with the name of eight great sects. The eight sects are ....."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After talking with the village chief, Mike got the basic information about this place. The Great Sun Kingdom is the home of cultivators. There are eight great sects run by eight great families. It also has three terrains. Black Tiger was one of them.

Other are Red Dragon Mountain and Silver Fox Mountain. It is said that before the Great Sun Kingdom was established, Black Tiger, Red Dragon, and Silver Fox were the rulers of this place. The ancestor of the royal family successfully killed these three beasts and established the Great Sun Kingdom.

The eight great sects are Great Solar Sword Sect, Tauzin Wind Sword Sect, Thunder God Sect, Mad Titan Sect, Purple Royal Sect, Dragon Tiger Sect, Bloody Moon Sect, and Invincible Sword Sect. All of these sects were amazing but the one that stood out most was the Invincible Sword Sect.

This sect was invincible not because of its disciple rather nobody dared to do anything to them. Of course, this sect doesn't take just any disciple.. Only those who are born for the sword are chosen by this sect.

Except for the great sects, there were eight great families. Yan Family, Chen Family, Gu Family, Luo Family, Zhen Family, Zhang Family, Murong Family, and Chu Family. The royal family was Ye Family. Unlike his world, where people are very strict about the family bloodline.

Each great family was established by the powerful cultivator so they believe having their blood will improve their cultivation. And, to a certain extent, this is true. Since these families have been placed in the same position for fifty thousand years.

As for the cultivation, even this dude didn't know much. He still asked Claire but she also didn't know much about this world. After that, they were called for the meal. The food was ready and it was not so delicious.

In fact, it had no seasoning, only the cooked meat. Fortunately, Mike had kept the sauce in his system storage. Dipping the meat in the sauce, he continued eating. Yu Yufei curiously looked at the sauce so he had to give her.

As for the rest, they didn't get it. After all, he had to save the sauce. He couldn't buy it from the system. He can only use the sauce he had. After the meal, it was already nighttime. They went back to their hut.

Mike was asked to sleep on the bed while they slept on the floor while placing a thin mat. But Mike couldn't see the little girl sleeping on the ground with such a thin mat. He asked the girl to sleep with him.

Mike was too tired to do anything. So, he fell asleep soon. Following that, he spent few days sleeping, eating, and dumping. Only after the third day, he went to the river nearby and removed his bandages.

He found he wasn't even wearing proper underwear. Thankfully, he had some in his system storage, including some clothes. These were given by Jenny in a ring. She said he might require these things in the future.

And, he did require those things. He couldn't help but miss Jenny and the other girls while wearing that underwear. Slowly, his little brother slowly rose up. But, before he could get embarrassed, he directly jumped in the river.

Splash!

"Woah! The water is freaking cold." Mike swings his legs and floated his head above the river. The chilling cold spread through his bones.

"Huh! Why is the cold increasing? Fuck! My leg froze." Mike suddenly couldn't feel his leg. It was slowly frozen in ice. He freaked out and jumped up in the sky.

Splash! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Snap! Snap! Snap!

Suddenly, a girl jumped out of the water, naked, and threw dozens of ice spikes at him. Mike easily sensed those and teleported himself to dodge those while arriving behind the girl. He hastily caught her behind her back and spoke "Girl, how could you do such a perverted thing?"

"What kind of nonsense are you spouting? Who the hell are you? How dare you peak at me while I was cultivating?" The girl suddenly released chilling cold from her hand froze his hands. Then, she released a bit of force and broke the ice on her hand.

This allowed her to break free from his clutches.

Crack! Bang!

But, Mike didn't take a long time to break that ice either. He slightly used a little force and it broke. Only then, he got a great look at her body. She was nearly five feet eight inches tall. Her body was slender and fairly white.

She had an oval face along with slender hands and legs. Her boobs were jiggling in front of her chest while that area was shaved clean. Mike couldn't help but give her a thumbs up.

"You pervert!" Only then, the girl realized her boobs flashing naked in front of him. She blushed red and hurriedly covered them while rushing towards the shore. She quickly took out a pair of clothes and released the white fog around.

In an instant, she came out while wearing a white Qipao. Her face was still blushing red. She suddenly condensed the ice sword and shouted "Who the hell are you?" (Picture in comment)

She believed the person in front of her was stalking her. After all, he was handsome. He had red eyes and silver hair. And, he seems pretty slender as well.

"Me? My name is ...….. Mu Chen." Mike stopped a little while mentioning his name. He knew he shouldn't use his original name here. After all, this universe was very different than his own. That's why he must adapt and this name seems pretty good.

This name was a name that he deeply remembers from his past life.

"And, why are you not wearing any clothes?" The girl blushed and glared at him. Mike had also come to the shore but he was only wearing underwear.

"Oh! Wait, I will change." Saying so, he walked to the place where he had kept his clothes. It was on a stone. He completely dried his body with a towel. Then, he picked up a pair of black jeans and wore them.

After that, he picked up a black t-shirt and wore it as well. He took out a bottle of gel and fixed his hair. Only then, he walked towards the girl and asked "Since I have introduced myself. Shouldn't you do the same?"

"Don't you know me?" The girl looked at him with a suspicious gaze.

"Nope, not in the slightest! I only know that you are a pervert that cultivates at the bottom of a public river waiting for the naked man to bath on it." Mike shook his head and spoke with disgust on his face. Although, that expression was truly a masterpiece.

"Who are you calling pervert, pervert? I was cultivating at the bottom of the river. And, can't you see that board over there?" The girl's face turned red when he called her a pervert. She shouted at him while pointing her finger at the board which says "Reserved"

"Huh! Are you kidding me? Who in the world reserve the public spot? Is this river created by your ancestor or your family? This place is common to everyone. And, who in their right mind cultivates at the bottom of the river?" Although Mike knew why she cultivates at the bottom of the river, he didn't want to back down from this debate.

"Everyone does that! Everyone can reserve their spot on nature and cultivate. And cultivating inside the river makes our body stronger. The flow of the river and pressure of the water at its bottom tempers our skin making us stronger."

"For Qi refiner, it is an important task to train our body so that we won't suffer bottleneck while jumping stages. Don't you even know that?" The girl looked at him with a weird gaze and asked.

"N.O.P.E. And don't you think it is very rude to not introduce yourself after so long?" Mike raised his hand and spoke while shaking his head.

"Oh sorry! My name is Luo Zemin. Which sect are you from?" The girl introduced herself and asked with a suspicious gaze. She couldn't sense a bit of qi from Mike. That's why she was confused about how he dodged her attack and effortlessly broke those ice spikes.

"Luo Zemin! That's a nice name. I haven't joined any sect. And, I don't think any sect would take a person without spiritual root." Mike sighed as he shrugged his shoulder.

Whoosh!

But, suddenly Luo Zemin shot an ice spike at him. His eyes narrowed but in a split of a second, his hand caught the ice spike. Although it began to froze his hand, he slightly closed his eyes and released Fire Law.

As soon as his fire law was released, the yellow flames appeared at his hand and melt the ice.

"For someone who has comprehended Fire Concept and Space Concept, you say that you don't have the spiritual roots. Don't make me laugh! Do you think those who are abandoned by heaven can comprehend those concepts?" Luo Zemin sneered as she glanced at his flame with slight envy in her eyes. But, suddenly her eyes widen as her face turned red, and shouted "Wait, what are you doing?"

In front of her, Mike started removing his t-shirt.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What do you mean? You clearly don't believe me. So, you can check it. I really don't have the spiritual root." Mike gave her a weird gaze as he stood bare chest in front of her.

Luo Zemin's face was burning red. She could barely look at his body. When she heard his words, she frowned even more. She can't feel the qi from his body but she thought he was simply hiding it. She mustered her courage and slowly walked in front of him.

She slowly raised her hand and touched his stomach. Suddenly, she felt something. She released her qi and inject it into his skin. Only then she noticed his physical body..

'Strong! He is very strong. Is he a body cultivator? Otherwise, how could he have such strength? It's almost impossible. Then, how can he train his body without spiritual roots?'

It took a long time for her qi to enter his body. As the Qi revolved around his naval, she found he really doesn't have a spiritual root. And, not just spiritual roots, he doesn't even have dantian.

'How is this possible? Even if you don't have a spiritual root, you must have the dantian. He doesn't both. But how? How could this be possible? And if he doesn't have both, how can he use Concepts so easily? Or, even comprehend them?'

'And, his physical strength! How can he have such a powerful strength?'

Suddenly, she narrowed her eyes as she backed down. Then, she looked at his eyes and said "Wear the clothes, and spar with me!"

"Huh! Girl, I don't know whether you are just trying to test me or looking down on me. But, you should really think before you say anything." Mike suddenly narrowed his eyes as he spoke with a cold tone.

"I am not looking down on you. But, I am indeed testing you. I know your physical strength is overwhelming. But," Suddenly, a sword appeared on her hand as she lifted it against him and said, "I'm a Martial Grandmaster and a sword cultivator."

"Do not look down on me!" Luo Zemin's words resonated in his ears as Mike smirked.

"Alright, I will spar with you." Mike nods his head as he gets into the fighting position. Luo Zemin took a bronze coin and throw it up in the air.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The moment it landed on the ground, both of them rushed each other. Luo Zemin was covered with thick white fog as the temperature around her began to cool down. She raised her sword and condensed the ice around it.

"Ice Phoenix Sword Art- Soaring Phoenix"

Suddenly, she leaped on-air and swings her body along with her sword. When she faced Mike, her sword released the ice condensed at her sword. The ice transformed into the phoenix as it moved towards Mike. Phoenix had the body parts like an eagle but body shape like a sparrow.

Bang! Splash! Splash!

Mike had nothing on his arsenal. With a little heat from Fire Concept, he smashed his fist against the ice phoenix. When he punched the phoenix, chilling ice spread through his arms. Though his fist broke the ice phoenix into pieces, the ice spread in his body and suddenly left the sword mark.

Mike instantly retreated dozens of meters away and looked at her with confusion. He thought the ice would freeze him, not slash his skin. Although it wasn't powerful, it could be deadly if he doesn't properly take care of himself.

"What was that?" Mike looked at her and asked with amazement in his eyes.

Luo Zemin frowned on his question but still replied "Ice Sword Intent! It transforms into ice but instead of freezing, it slashes your body like a sword. The thickness of the ice covering your body represents the sharpness of the slash."

"Oh! That's so cool. So, does it require that thing called Qi to use?" Mike knows Qi means energy but he doesn't want to make things suspicious like knowing something while not knowing anything else.

"You don't know what Qi is?" Luo Zemin almost fell down on her butt when she heard his words. She couldn't understand what kind of barbarian wouldn't know about Qi. And, what kind of barbarian looks this handsome.

"Nope! I didn't have that spiritual root. So, I never really think about cultivation. I don't even know the basics. My fate for cultivation was blocked from the moment I was born." Suddenly, his words made her heartache a little.

She has met people without spiritual roots. But, this is the first time she has met someone who has comprehended the concept but still lacks spiritual roots and dantian. But, his next words instantly made her clench her fists.

"Sigh! Why was I born so handsome? Even, heaven is jealous of me."

'This guy! Is he trying to make me laugh? If he is, then someone please tell him that it's not working.' Luo Zemin complained in her heart but didn't get the courage to say this out loud. She directly changed her expression and asked "Should we continue?"

"Alright!" Mike nods his head and once both of them moved.

Luo Zemin was creating ice underneath her legs and on the ground so that she can slide on it. She was very fast but Mike was even faster. His foot was literally kicking the crater on the ground.

"Ice Phoenix Sword Art- Ice Tribulation"

Suddenly, dozens of swords appeared above him. Before he could even know it, those words fell down. In an instant, a golden luster appeared around him. Fortunately, Divine Ability doesn't need to consume the ability energy if he can use his stamina.

He doesn't understand why his innate ability got locked inside the core along with the core itself. But he was happy that he could use laws and divine abilities as he wants.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Splash! Splash! Splash!

Mike used his extreme agility to dodge the swords while covering his body with a golden shield. Although it blocked most of the hits, it soon lose its durability. And, ice swords pierce his skin. But suddenly, he snaps his finger appeared behind Luo Zemin.

Smack!

Coating his hand with Sex Aura and infuse Hands of Pleasure in it, he smacked the Luo Zemin's ass.

"Mhmm!" Suddenly, a soft moan escaped her mouth. Instantly, Luo Zemin turned red due to embarrassment. She didn't know why she felt this good when he smacked her butt but she still felt embarrassed on moaning.

"You??" Luo Zemin turned around and raised her hand with fumes of anger. But, Mike wasn't there. He once again appeared behind her and smacked her butt. This time he did the same as he previously. Coating his hand with sex aura and infusing the hands of pleasure in it.

Originally, he couldn't have a chance to do this. But, she did ask for the spar. And, smacking her butt was kind of an attack.

Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Stop! Stop! Please stop! I give up." Mike smacked her butt until she finally gave up. But, suddenly he noticed her expression and a smirk appeared on his lips.

Smack! "Mhmm!"

Smack! "Mhmm! Awww!"

Smack! "Yessss!"

Her moan started turning sultrier with more strikes. Slowly, she stopped saying stop. At this moment, his Sex Aura and Hands of Pleasure had already carved deep into her body. Her legs started shaking as she rubbed them together.

Her expression started changing, turning more slutty and vivid for sex. Mike sighed and looked at his hands once again. From the moment he saw her boobs, he knew he had to fuck this girl. But, originally he planned to make her fall in love.

Midway, he gave up. Who in the world chose the hard route when you have a short and secured route. Some people would choose the hard route. But, most still chose the short and secured routes. Mike was one of them.

Because he has learned that working hard for something that you can achieve simply by few steps is a waste of time. He has suffered this fate in his previous life. After all, before dying he didn't know that he would die from sex.

So, if he had chosen the short and secured route, he could have just accepted the girl and bang her. Then, move on to the next one. This way he could cover more girls and if those girls want, they can stay. And, if they don't want they could leave.

But, Mike didn't think that way. He simply wants to create a harem with three thousand ladies. That means ladies are not allowed to leave him. But here, he doesn't have that problem. He could simply bang them and make them completely loyal.

He can even bang them to the point of turning them into cheap sluts and fucktoys. He knew his dick had that power. Even girls with incredible charisma and willpower submitted to his dick, so what could be a problem for him?

At least, this was what he thought for a moment. But, when he realized Luo Zemin turning back to normal. He knew that his understanding still lacked. At this moment, only one question rang in his mind.

'What the hell happened?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Damn! I almost forgot about their Will. The world of a cultivator has one main code. If you don't have the willpower to cultivate, you can never cultivate. Those main characters from novels, each one of them used to have a strong will.'

'Yeah, they do have cheats. But, those cheats weren't the main reason why they got successful and reach their peak. Of course, plot armor is also a cheat. But, some novels genuinely have less plot armor while showing the strong will of the main character to live.'

'I was comparing her with normal people. If I am not wrong, then her will is even stronger than Jenny and others. I can't simply ignore the fact that my Sex Aura works based on my target's willpower. What should I do?'

'If I force her, then it might be a little bad. Although I used Sex Aura, I am not truly assaulting them sexually. I am arousing their sexual desires. And, if she can control her sexual desires. Then, the only thing that I can do is outburst those desires.'

Mike instantly released all of Sex Aura at her. The eyes that had returned to sanity once again began to change. Seeing that change, his smile became wider but soon, her eyes once again returned to calmness.

Suddenly, Mike grabbed her shoulder with his one hand and shouted "Luo Zemin, ARE YOU ALRIGHT?"

His Sex Aura disappeared along with his Hands of Pleasure. His words rang on her ears and were very loud on top of that.

"Don't scream in someone's ears!" Luo Zemin shouted as she pushed away Mike. Her eyes returned to sanity. She suddenly asked, "What happened?"

"Are you a mascot and a pervert?" Mike asked while looking at her eyes with disgust.

"What?" Only after hearing his words, she remembered what she did. She remembered herself moaning whenever he smacks her butt. After that, she started moaning even harder like bitch. That made her extremely embarrassed.

Suddenly, Mike pressed his hand on her shoulder and made a straight face "There is no need to be shy about it. Everyone has their own ideas and behavior. I felt like you were holding on for a long time. That's why your reactions were very loud and seductive."

"Next time, don't bury your desires. Let them come out. If you don't have any problems then I can help you release them."

Bang!

"Shut up! I am not a mascot." Luo Zemin shouted as she punched his stomach.

But, she couldn't even shake him. He stood there as nothing happened and said "You do realize that you can't punch an ordinary person like that."

"Alright! Let's get to the point. I tested you because I had something that I wanted to ask you." Luo Zemin spoke as she withdrew her fist from his stomach. Her eyes cast a serious look as she narrowed her pupil.

Mike nods his head as he got attentive to her. He was already attentive now his gaze felt even weirder. But, she didn't care. She took out a badge and gave it to him while saying "Join Invincible Sword Sect!"

Mike was shaken by her words. The reason was pretty simple. This plot was too darn similar to every other plot he has read. MC trying to enter the sect without talent for cultivation and got chosen to the lowest ranking sect.

Yes, Invincible Sword Sect was the lowest ranking sect. Even though nobody really can destroy this sect, people do not choose this sect. Because you need to have a strong sword belief to join this sect along with strong talent.

And, very few people can actually get a chance. In fact, this sect has no more than ten disciples which are pretty negligible to ten thousand – twenty thousand population of other sects. That's why this sect is ranked at the lowest again other sects during the Kingdom's Competitions.

Mike was pretty interested in this sect but he was skeptical about being chosen. He didn't understand her reasons but he didn't deny them at once. He thought for a moment and said "You do know that I don't have spiritual root, right?"

"Yep," Luo Zemin nods her head.

"And, you are still actively asking me to join?" Mike looked at her strangely and asked.

"Yep," Luo Zemin nods her head once again.

"You are not asking me to join you for chores, are you?" Mike gave her the same look and asked.

"Nope!" Luo Zemin shook her head.

"Then, how do you expect me to cultivate?" Mike asked because this was the same question that was bothering him for a while.

"You don't love any specific weapon, do you?" Luo Zemin didn't reply instantly instead asked him with a curious gaze.

"I do use a spear for hunting. But, most of the time, I rely on the fist." Mike asked as he clenched his fingers and raised his hand.

"Oh! That's great! Join Invincible Sword Sect and we'll teach you how to cultivate." Luo Zemin clasped her hand with a smile. Her beautiful smile was captivating but Mike was still confused.

"You can?" Mike looked at her with confused look thinking 'Don't tell me she has some artificial spirit roots with her? But, are artificial spirit roots cabbages? Man, even cabbages prices are starting to rise. Those greedy cooks! They used to put few pieces of cabbage in my chowmein.'

But, soon he shook his head as he came out to reality. He waited for the answer but Luo Zemin only nods her. He looked at me suspiciously and asked, "You won't tell me until I join, do you?"

Luo Zemin didn't say anything and just showed a big smile. Mike sighed and nods his head. Getting his answer, Luo Zemin clasped her hands and jumped up with a loud "Yay!"

"Alright, can you tell me now?" Mike asked as he saw her reaction. It felt as if he had given her a teddy bear.

Luo Zemin and suddenly released her white qi. It formed a barrier around them as she continued "Since you don't have any knowledge about the cultivation. Should I start from the beginning?"

Mike nods his head and she continued "Cultivation is the path towards heaven. Our world lies between Heaven and Earth. Heaven is the home to the celestial beings while the earth is the home of evil spirits and ghosts."

'Fuck you! Earth is my hometown. It doesn't have any evil spirits and ghosts.' Mike raised their middle finger in his mind and cursed Luo Zemin. But, he didn't stop her.

"Between Heaven and Earth, there is special energy known as spiritual qi. This spiritual qi is the source of cultivation. Every human is born with dantian. It is the most sacred place of the human body. It can hold spiritual qi and slowly evolve our body."

"It also holds special roots known as spiritual roots. Most people tend to have spiritual roots. Among them, some have better spiritual roots while some have worst. It all starts with the ability of spiritual roots to absorb qi and transform essence."

"You see, spiritual qi might be the source of cultivation. It is only the form of energy that we need for the attack, defense, or anything else related to martial arts. But, for the evolution of the human body, we need essence."

"Spiritual Roots transform spiritual qi into essence. Our body absorbs this essence and increases our lifespan. In each major realm or minor stage breakthrough, our spiritual roots release an immense amount of essence that we can absorb and use to improve our cultivation."

"But, one can't simply waste resources on a person for years to see the result. That's why people developed a way to check others' talent. When one reaches the peak of Grandmaster Realm, he can inject the qi inside other's body and sense their spiritual root."

"Of course, you can also sense your own spiritual root by the speed of absorption. But, this way is faster. There are four levels. Heaven, Earth, Spirit, and Yellow. Heaven Spiritual Roots have four roots coming out of it."

"Earth Spiritual Roots have three roots coming out of it. Spirit has two and Yellow has one. If there is not a single root, then that means he doesn't have a spiritual root. Most people have Yellow Spiritual Roots. If four is the total number of people having yellow spiritual roots then two will be the total number of people having spirit spiritual roots."

"Then, one will be the total number of people having earth spiritual roots while 0.5 would be the total number of people having earth spiritual roots. Of course, a number of people without spiritual roots is equal to the people having earth spiritual roots."

"The village near us is one of them. They nearly have a population of hundred to two hundred and do not have anyone with spiritual roots. After the spiritual roots, there is something else that you must learn. It is about cultivation technique, martial arts, and secret arts while including treasures and weapons."

"Cultivation Techniques are the manual that records different sorts of breathing and meditation moves which allows us to call the spiritual qi around us. Only then our spiritual roots can absorb the spiritual qi. Cultivation Technique also grants us specific elemental power in a certain realm."

"They also grant various powers. Cultivation Techniques can be completely different from one another. Like yours! The reason you would be able to cultivate is a cultivation technique that our sect has. It's called ...….."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It is called Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique. This cultivation technique is one of a kind since it allows you to cultivate without any dantian. But, there is one major problem."

Mike was astonished when he heard that. He didn't expect there would be a cultivation technique that doesn't require dantian. No, he knew such a technique would exist. But, he didn't know he would get such a technique like it's nothing.

He literally met her a few minutes ago. And, now he has the chance to cultivate. This could be no less than the fate of a protagonist. But, he didn't think too much. He asked her "So, what's the problem?"

"It is incomplete.. This technique only has one layer and that is to condense the sword in place of a dantian. Once you choose it, you can practice qi. But, you won't have any chance to get an element or even cultivate the martial soul."

"There are nine realms of cultivation. Starting from Martial Advent to Martial God. In between, there are Martial Artists, Martial Master, Martial Grandmaster, Martial Lord, Martial King, Martial Emperor, and Martial Saint."

"Each Realm has nine stages from one to nine. In Martial Advent Stage, you cultivate qi into the threads inside your dantian. Once you absorb the qi, you take it to your dantian and make a thread with it. Once you form nine threads, you merge them together into a circle."

"After that, you just need to cover the Spiritual Root with that circle for nine times. After that, you need to comprehend the concept of an element based on your cultivation technique. Once you comprehend a concept, you use the power of concept to merge the circle with the spiritual root."

"Finally, your spiritual root will release an immense essence that can increase your lifespan by fifty years. Of course, your technique does the same. Except, it doesn't have a spiritual root or dantian. It simply has a sword that can be improved in each realm."

"And, your sword can release the same essence that can improve your lifespan. But, to do so, you must comprehend the concept which you already have. You can use your concept to merge it into another realm."

"This would be a problem for others but not for you. But again, we have a serious problem. The next realm is the Martial Artist Realm. And, in this realm, you need to awaken the martial soul. Normally, our cultivation technique has a method to call the dead soul or living spirits and fuse with them."

"But, your cultivation technique doesn't have that one. You need one if you want to reach Martial Artist Realm. And the problem is when you merge those qi circles into spiritual roots, you need to call for the dead soul or living spirits."

"Because that's the only moment when you can use your essence to transform those souls or spirits into the martial soul and gain their element." Saying so, she released her ice qi. Along with ice qi, a shadow flashed behind her. It was big and wide.

Slowly, it changed. The body became white like ice and the shape became more vivid. It had a big pair of wings and an eagle like a beak. Along with its eagle-like claws as well. Though it had the stomach of a sparrow.

"My Martial Soul is Ice Phoenix. It is also related to my Ice Phoenix Sword Qi Technique. And, I also practice Ice Phoenix Sword Art. I have also practiced Ice Sword Intent. And, if I use all of these together during life and death situations, my strength will soar by three times."

"As a cultivator, facing life and death situations isn't rare. In fact, if you often visit different places rather than staying in the sect, you will face those situations even more. That's why these kinds of hidden trump cards are important."

"Oh! So, doesn't that mean I won't be able to reach the Martial Artist Realm with the incomplete technique?" Mike nods his head touching his chin as he spoke.

"Yep, that's the case." Luo Zemin made a bright but cunning smile as she spoke.

Mike suspiciously glanced at her smiling face and asked "You want something from me?"

"Hehe! You are half right. It's not just me but also the sect." Luo Zemin shrugged her shoulder and spoke with a cold smile. Everything she said was just to lure his interest.

"Tell me the condition before I make the decision!" Mike waited. He didn't reject her outright since it wouldn't be a good idea. He doesn't want to wander around searching for artificial spiritual roots that existed in the novels he read.

And, he only has eight months of lifespan. He needs to improve to Martial Artist Realm so that he can achieve extra fifty years of lifespan.

"First, teach me about the Space Concept. Second, participate in the upcoming kingdom's battle after a month." Luo Zemin raised her index finger and middle finger with each condition as she spoke.

"You got the deal." Mike smiled as he snapped his finger.

"That's amazing! We finally can reach the top." Luo Zemin jumped up in joy as she spoke. But, as she landed, she spoke "But, I still have many things to explain. Since I've already explained everything about the cultivation technique. Let's start with Martial Arts."

"As already know, our world has the iron rule that can't be bend. The strong prey on weak. If you are strong then even if you mass slaughter, nobody can say anything. But, if you are weak, even if you save a person, you might get severely punished."

"That's why I didn't help the village nearby. Although I could easily kill those thugs, they were the people of Yan Che. He is the top genius with Heaven Rank Spiritual Roots from Great Solar Sword Sect. Although he is only the Grandmaster like me, he has three lords as his servant."

"They were given to him by his family. Not to mention, he has a king as his protector. Except that, he also has many other servants." Luo Zemin instantly shifted her topic as she grew more serious. Mike didn't mind that at least until he heard the last words.

His eyes suddenly shrunk. He knew the most plotline in those novels. But, he got careless and forgot about it. He turned around and said, "Let's go!"

Before Luo Zemin could reply. He instantly kicked the ground with his insane physical strength and dashed forward. Each step allowed him to cover five hundred meters in the air.

Splash!

Just as he entered the area of the village, he saw dead bodies laid on the ground. There were many men in black clothes along with a man who was holding Yu Gan in his hand as he pierced his stomach. Behind Yu Gan, Yu Yufei was crying with tears rolling down her cheeks.

Suddenly, an extreme killing intent shrouded the village. In an instant, the sky turned red, a thick bloody smell entered their noses, the mood shifted. Before those men could figure out anything. A figure appeared in front of the man who killed Yu Gan.

It was none other than Mike. He raised his hand as the purple energy coats his hand along with three other blue energy. When Mike looked at the eyes of the man in black cloth, he was like a god of death overlooking them.

Before he could even make a move, Mike caught his hand. And, unable to think what will happen, Mike squashed his head on his hand. His head exploded like a watermelon. At this moment, Mike had clear reason in his eyes.

This was not a momentary rage, not completely though. He was enraged. And, that is the only reason why his Slaughter Spirit reached the Purple Rank. But, he had the reason to fight. He had the reason to kill.

And, the reason was very simple. They saved his life. He was near death. He understood this even more during those three days. Looking at the wounds that weren't healed even with Celestial Bloodline, he knew just how much dangerous his situation was.

His chaos spirit saved him but how long could it last. His stamina was already very low. It was quite miraculous that it lasted so long. That's why he felt he really owes them his life. And, during those days he also didn't see any potential threats.

That's why he left on the fourth day. Suddenly, another man in black cloth rushed at him from his left side. He held a sword in his hand and slashed down. His sword released an intense heat in the shape of an arc.

Seeing that, Mike tried to lift his left hand but suddenly felt he didn't have the left arm. He sighed and snapped the fingers of his right hand as he teleported behind Yufei. He simply caught her shoulder and disappeared.

He doesn't need to snap his finger every time. But, in case his hands are free, he does it anyway. As he teleports five hundred meters away, he instantly kicks the ground and appears behind the man with a sword.

Ting! Crack! Thud!

He raised his hand and smashed the neck with the edge of his hand. The white sword fell on the ground as the bones on the neck broke. The man also fell to the ground.

"Burning Sun Sword Art- Blazing Strike"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Splash!

The man stood just behind Mike when he slashed his sword. Mike didn't even get a chance to dodge it. The sword left a deep mark on his back but as soon as that happened, Mike teleported himself behind that man and punched.

Bang! Thud!

His fist collided on that man's back, slamming him on the ground. After that, he didn't stand up as the bones on his back cracked. The spirits coating his hands gave him the extra strength that he needed to kill. He still hasn't released his Chaos Spirit and Spear Spirit.

'Desolate Emperor Bloodline'

Inside his body, the desolate emperor's bloodline started following through his veins. At the same time, a unique art reached his mind. This art was unique because of its requirement.. He doesn't require extra energy. All he needed was a strong body and strong blood.

That would be enough to use this art in every way possible. Claire specifically chose this bloodline for this art as well. According to her, this art was a masterpiece for body cultivator. And, in this world, he was a pure body cultivator unless he practices that cultivation technique.

Desolate Fighting Art!

This is the bloodline ability that he got from awakening Desolate Emperor Bloodline. It is unlike his Celestial Bloodline. Since his bloodline doesn't possess any passive ability, it could only give him an active ability.

This ability was an inheritance about a fighting art created by the owner of this bloodline. Desolate Fighting Art includes nine different moves, each being powerful and unique than the previous one. The first move in Desolate Fighting Art was called Bull's Thrust.

When Mike discovered this art, he got a unique idea for this style. But for now, he could only use it in combat. He clenched his fist. In front of, one of the men condensed his sword with intense heat as he rushed towards Mike.

From this alone, Mike understood that all of them practiced some cultivation technique. And, considering their master being the genius of the Great Solar Sword Sect, it wasn't something amazing.

This art was very complicated. But, the reason why it was called bloodline ability was that he doesn't need to master it for using it. When he uses this bloodline, his bloodline released intense energy that boiled his blood.

The red steam came out of his body as that intense energy flowed to his fist. This energy was called blood energy. This is a specific sign of a body cultivator. Luo Zemin who had barely caught with Mike watched him with a stunned expression.

Mike pulled his fist back and gathered the momentum in it. Impact! This was something his master taught him. He needs to punch in a way that his punch can release the same amount of force beyond the person he hits.

This time he wasn't hitting the person. Rather, his aim was at the sword. That means he needs to control the impact with the help of aura. Manipulating aura to control the impact was not an easy task. But, his spirits helped him a lot.

Because spirits are kinda like aura but in a tangible way.

"Burning Sun Sword Art- Flame Condensation"

As soon as he saw Mike condensing power into his fist, he slashed his sword from dozens of meters away. But before that, Mike saw him attacking. He instantly kicked on the ground and rushed towards the man.

Bang! Crack! Bang!

As soon as he covered dozens of meters, that man had already released the flame. The flames condensed into a massive sword that was twice as big as his real sword. The intense heat was rising the temperature when Mike punched on it.

"Bull's Thrust!"

He felt like hitting the solid glass. The flame sword cracked and broke. As soon as it broke, it engulfed Mike.

Seeing this, the man released a cunning smirk. But before he could get happier, the flames burst into several pieces by the intense force released from inside. This was the impact. Now, it was wasted on these flames.

Mike slightly frowned but quickly snapped his finger. He appeared in front of that man. By his sudden appearance, the man slightly backed off with an unbalanced position.

Bang! Crack! Thud!

Mike coats his leg with four spirits and raised it up. His leg smashed the precious egg as that man fell unconscious and to the ground as well.

"Burning Sun Sword Art- Flame Condensation"

"Burning Sun Sword Art- Flame Condensation"

"Burning Sun Sword Art- Flame Condensation"

Before Mike could make any moves, three remaining men instantly condensed flame qi in their swords and slashed. Three different strikes from three different positions attacked him but he instantly snapped his finger.

Boom!

With a snap, he appeared behind another person and punched on his back. Before others could attack him, Mike once again appeared behind another person. But, the man suddenly swings his sword. The sword wasn't infused with flame qi but it was still deadly.

Ding!

When the sword collided against his body, a strange noise rang. The man who couldn't move his sword turned around and looked at Mike with a pale face. In front of him, his sword was unable to pierce Mike's skin.

Mike's skin had the hardness of a copper. It wasn't much of an astonishing moment for Mike. He instantly raised his hand and caught the neck of that man.

Crack!

Swinging his hand, he bent the neck of that man. Suddenly, his eyeball turned around as he caught the last man running away. But suddenly, the cold air blew around that man froze him.

Crack! Bang!

After few seconds, a girl walked past that frozen corpse as it broke into pieces. After their death, his slaughter spirit calmed down along with his other spirits. When everything calmed down, he turned his head at Yufei.

The little girl was full of tears as she dashed into his embrace.

"Waaaa! Big Brother! Waaaaa!"

"Grandpa is dead. Waaa!"

On his shoulder, she kept crying and wailing. Mike sighed but couldn't pat her back. He was holding her with his right arm. He wasn't emotionally strong. But, he couldn't simply cry at this point. If he can't even mature to hold his tears, how can he hold his harem?

"It's alright. I am still here, aren't I? Your grandpa was a good person. But, good people are often trampled. But, bad people are trampled even more. The person who killed your grandpa is dead. He was already old."

"It was a fate that we met. You saved me and from now, I will protect you. So, let's bury the villagers, okay?" Mike spoke but his voice was a little sour. This is what he owed to her grandpa. And, more importantly, he had some other plans for her.

Yu Yufei didn't reply and keep crying. She cried until she fell asleep in his arms. After that, Mike gave her to Luo Zemin while he walked towards the body of Yu Gan. His eyes were still opened even after his death. He closed his eyes and said.

"Sometimes I wonder if all of this is fate. And, everything that constantly happens to me seems like some writing my fate. I wonder if I can ever control my own fate. But, until then I have no choice but to follow someone's will."

"You saved me. I freed your village. But, that brought destruction to your village. I am still in your debt. And, I will repay this debt by making Yufei strong. Don't worry whatever I might do, it will be good for her. I will definitely make her strong enough to face every situation."

Following his words, he started digging the gravestone. It was a little hard with a single arm. Fortunately, he had enough strength. After that, he buried every villager and into a different gravestone. After that, he walked toward the hut where Luo Zemin was staying.

When he entered the room, Luo Zemin was standing beside the bed. In bed, Yufei was sleeping. He hastily moved in front of her and caught her waist by surprise. When she tried to push him away, he said "Don't you want to practice Space Concept?"

His words made her stop as he continued "Believe me! You want to know why I am this strong without spiritual roots."

As he spoke, he deeply stuck lips inside her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mhmm!"

"Wait, wait, wait! We haven't talked about this." As the moan escaped her mouth, Luo Zemin realized something and pushed him away, leaving Mike in confusion. After so much experience, he could understand that she wasn't angry or rejecting him.

But then, why did she stop?

Luo Zemin blushed a little and bowed her head as she said "We still haven't become Dao Companion. Without being one, we can't continue on this."

"Huh!" Mike knew what dao companion means but he didn't think that would be a major problem.

Luo Zemin raised her head and looked at his confused expression, saying "You don't even know Dao Companion, huh! Well, it is a kind of relationship between two opposite genders. But, this is often disclosed from the world."

"They do not marry each other or even fall in love.. They took part in sexual activities so that they can improve each other's cultivation and share the comprehension that they have. You also want to do the same, don't you?"

"You also want to share the knowledge with me but you don't understand the meaning of Dao Companion. That means you have been doing this all without knowing anything. Being Dao Companion, you need form a sacred bond with each other."

"Since one would be completely consumed in sexual activities, they won't have any conscious to stay alert. In our world, betrayal happens very often. If you marry someone or simply keep a relationship then there would be a chance to be betrayed on your first night or even after then when your partner has no use of you."

"That's why Dao Companion is practiced between most partners. This way one can't physically attack each other during those activities. As for the rest, you need to be alert by yourself. Though there is one downside of establishing Dao Companion."

"Your partner can keep another Dao Companion or even many others with or without your knowledge. Unlike in marriage, here you are in no position to say no. This is also why many women establish Dao Companion rather than being tied by marriage."

"This way they can form a relationship with many men as they want. While they can't do the same when they are tied by marriage."

Mike looked at her with a strange expression and asked "And, that's why you want to form that sacred bond?"

"Do I look like that kind of woman to you? Do you even know why am I doing this? Cultivation? Hell no, you don't even have the cultivation. And, I am eighteen but already a Grandmaster. I have Heaven Ranked Spiritual Roots. Do I really need care about cultivation?"

"No, but Space is something different. You have no cultivation. But you still killed those people like it's nothing. If it wasn't for the lack of one arm, you could even win against me. Why? Because, you have comprehended Space Concept, no probably Space Law."

"Because you are easily using the Space Concept without most limitations. That only happens when you comprehend Space Law. Do you know the best thing about this law? You can kill someone even before they could make a move."

"Strangling! You can crush, move, change, twist, and even bend space. Space is something that can be tied together with Time. And, there is a reason why. Without dual cultivation, you can send me your comprehension and I can learn Space Concept."

"Do you know what that means to me? I can slaughter Martial Lords. I have mastered Ice Concept. It can help me fight beyond my stage. But, not beyond the realm. That's only possible when you learn the top ten laws."

"Wait, wait, wait! Top Ten Laws! What are those?" Mike was startled by her words. He never really focused on his space law. All he did was focus on his fist. Suddenly, he clenched his fist as he felt disappointed in himself.

Luo Zemin stayed silent for a moment before replying "Top Ten Laws are the most powerful laws that a mortal can comprehend. Of course, just because we can doesn't mean everyone. There are several aspects that can affect the comprehension."

"My cultivation technique, sword art, and martial soul allowed me to have greater comprehension over Ice. Just like me, Yan Che cultivates his Great Solar Body Technique, Great Sun Sword Art, and Three-Legged Golden Crow Martial Soul allowed him to comprehend Fire Law way beyond others."

"Although I don't know how you comprehended Space Law, it must be related to one of your talents. It could be bloodline or physique. These things are even more powerful. Bloodlines are uncommon to humans since only high-level family members can inherit one bloodline passed down from their ancestor."

"As for Physique, it is even rarer. Only a handful of people are born with it. Once you participate in Kingdom's Competition, you will find many of those people. Let's not talk about these. As I saying, Space Law is really important."

"And, if I can learn that, I am willing to give up my virginity. So, let's form the sacred bond." Luo Zemin made a serious expression as she finished her words.

For a moment, silence flashed in the room. She didn't know what was going on in Mike's mind. But, she was a little nervous. She wasn't sure whether Mike would agree or not.

'Fuck! Doesn't that mean I can fuck all the ladies in the world of cultivation with space law? Should I spread the information about this? No way! What if a gay suddenly approached me or what if powerful people come after me?'

'For now, let's just fuck her and test my new theory. If it works, then hell I can rock this world without spiritual roots. But, should I do that to her?'

For a moment, Mike hesitate. He silently glanced at the girl sleeping in distress. He wasn't sure what he wanted to do was a good thing or a bad thing. Of course, he has done lots of bad things like seducing ladies with his sex aura and fucking them.

But, this is another level of crime. He really isn't sure whether he should do it or not. He placed his hand on his forehead while feeling confused.

'Is he seriously considering so much? What if he rejects the idea? If he rejects it, should I still do it with him? But, doesn't that make me like some desperate sex? What should I do?' His confusion made Luo Zemin misunderstood. She frowned and bit her lips in desperation.

Mike finally sighed and thought 'Alright, let's roll with that! If it works then I would do it. If it doesn't work, then there is no need to do it. But, it must work. That's my way to live in this world.'

He slowly raised his head at her and looked into her eyes. His deep red eyes made her heartbeat escape. She nervously clenched her fist.

"Alright, let's do it!" Mike nods his head and brought a surprise to her face along with a smile on her lips. She giggled as she took out a scroll from her ring. It was a spatial ring that works just like a dimensional ring.

When she opened the scroll, there were many words written on it. Mike found it very confusing but Luo Zemin explained "This scroll is the contract between us. It has many words but only two main conditions. One, we can't physically attack each other without the other party agreeing to us."

"Two, we aren't restricted to each other. Now, just follow my actions."

As she said, she placed the scroll on the ground. She bits her right-hand index finger and dropped blood on it. Mike repeated her action but found his skin a little imperishable. He had no choice but to bite himself fiercely just to cut his finger skin.

As soon as his blood dropped on the scroll, a golden light shone from it. The golden light covered them. Suddenly, few words appeared in front of them.

"Please name each other!"

Mike looked at her with surprise. Seeing his gaze, a blush appeared on her cheeks. She hides her face and spoke, "We need to give each other a nickname."

"Oh! Then, how about I give you the nickname 'Perverted Mascot'?" Mike snapped his finger and smirked. But, suddenly he felt chills on his back. Luo Zemin gazed at him with a deadly stare.

"Alright, how about this? You will call me dear and I will call you babe." Mike quickly whistles and looked away. Luo Zemin tried to think but nothing came to her mind. So, Mike ended up suggesting her.

"Babe?" Dear wasn't a unique word to her but babe was something she has never heard.

"In my hometown, there is another relationship called Boyfriend/Girlfriend. In that relationship, we call female by this nickname. So, how about this? It will be nice and new." Mike tried to lie with the truth hoping that he won't get caught.

"Alright!" Luo Zemin thought for a while and nods her head. Then, she bit her lips a little and lean closer, saying "Dear!"

"Babe!" Mike called her as he placed his lips over her. At this moment, their nicknames got registered in the scroll as they slowly turned to dust and entered their bodies.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mhmmm!" Luo Zemin moaned as Mike's tongue entered her mouth. The juicy red lips were devoured by him while the monster was raging under his pants. Her body was trembling his touch but most importantly, his tongue was playing with hers.

It enters and rolls around her tongue while sucking her juice. Luo Zemin started heating up with the momentum while Mike slowly moved his hand over her breast. Those round breasts were covered by Qipao but just above had small designed cut.

Mike had to insert his hand through that hole but suddenly, Luo Zemin stopped his hand and said "Let me open it!"

Mike lacks the hand. That's why it would be more comfortable for both if she removes it. As she takes out her tongue while speaking, she takes off her clothes. In front of him, she stands with a purple bra and a panty.

She slowly removes her bra and panty as well.. Her bouncy breasts jiggle as her shaved pussy starts dripping wet. Mike instantly summons a comfy bed and lays on her it. He gets over her and starts kissing her once again.

This time he moved his hand and starts fondling her breasts as well. His hands brought tingling experience for her as he grabbed it soft. But soon, he started increasing force as well as grabbing her nipples with his hand.

He waited till her nipples became harder. Only, then he pinched it. After a while, he moved away from the kiss on her lips. Instead, he went down and touched her pussy with his tongue. But, suddenly covered it with her hands and said "Don't! It's dirty."

"You can never be dirty." Saying so, he forced his tongue inside.

"Nghh!" As his tongue moved in, her body shuddered as a satisfied moan came out of her mouth. After that, he kept moving his tongue inside her, licking every corner.

"Ahhh! Sooo goooddd!"

After licking many pussies, he was master at licking. He didn't miss a single part and also started hitting her G-spot with his tongue. That moment brought a new life to this session. Her moans only got louder as he starts hitting her deep spot with his tongue.

While doing so, he kept fondling her breasts and pinching her nipples. Her nipples were hard as a rock at this moment. At the same time, her legs started trembling more.

"Dear, I'm cumming!" Suddenly, she wrapped her leg around his head and released a stream of white juice. Mike was bathed by it but as soon as she lose her legs, she started gasping. Mike stood up and removed his pants and t-shirt. He also removed his underwear.

At this moment, thirteen inches long rod moved in front of her. She gulped down her saliva when she saw that monstrous dick. She suddenly closed her pussy.

"We are not going to climax. I got you wet now it's your time." Mike slowly walked in front of her face and stroke her face with it.

Hearing his words, Luo Zemin blushed hard. This was her first time and Mike was asking her to suck his dick. Mike suddenly lifted his hand and pats her head, saying "Don't worry, I will teach you."

'Come on! It's not about that.' Luo Zemin screamed in her heart but couldn't say it out loud. Mike immediately pushed her head and made her lips touch the tip of his dick.

"Now, open your mouth and let it in! Once it enters, don't reveal your teeth. Just let it go as much as you can. When you start feeling hard, pat my body. After that, I will take it out." Mike instructed as he slowly rolled his dick around her lips.

Luo Zemin felt conflicted but she still opened her lips. Getting an opening, his monstrous dick entered her mouth. But, when it did, she felt her entire mouth was stretching apart. A cold chill run down her spine.

She began to think of the consequences when that thing enters the bottom. She knew this would be her most painful moment. But, she didn't want to let go of this opportunity.

'Come on Zemin! This is your chance. Space Law, if you can grasp it you can easily break that engagement. You will be free. You have suffered more than a hundred times. This time won't be any different.'

'It will be only a new pain. As long as I endure it, I can grasp that law.' Forcing herself from inside, Zemin started swallowing his monstrous dick inside. It had only passed one-third, she immediately patted his leg.

Mike sighed. He didn't even feel good. But, he had no choice. He slowly withdrew but once the tip reaches the lips, he said "Now, it's your turn. You know how much you swallow, right. So, let's start with sucking."

"Think of it as sucking your Popsicle, you will feel amazing once you start truly feeling this. Aren't you curious why women chose multiple partners and rather stick with the man with bigger dicks? I will show you why."

Hearing his words, Zemin rolled her eyes but seriously considered his words. She began thrusting his dick inside and when she gets uncomfortable, she pulls it out. Her mouth was releasing massive saliva that was covering his dick.

But, after a minute, Mike said "Now, don't swallow it! Instead, try licking the tip. Move your tongue around the tip! This way I will start feeling good. Remember how I used my tongue? Although you don't need to thrust your tongue, you can still roll it around my dick."

Zemin felt a little confused. When he licked her pussy, she was in heaven. That was the most intense pleasure she had ever got. That's why she doesn't remember what he did. But, she does know how to lick the Popsicle.

The tip of his dick wasn't bare, unlike the bottom. When she licked the tip, she licked his muscles, not the skin. At that moment, pleasure struck his spine. He knew things were finally kicking the gears. He was a little surprised when she licked the tip from all directions.

Zemin didn't know Mike was surprised but she still said "When you lick the Popsicle, you lick from all around. You don't want the juice to fall from any side, do you?"

"Wow!" Mike gasped at her knowledge. But, when she heard his word, she suddenly turned red. She was only speaking to herself but didn't expect it to escape her mouth.

"Ummm! Babe, you are doing amazing." Soon, she rolled her tongue around his tip and pressed it hard while licking the saliva on the top. After that, she released her tongue and fiercely licked that saliva.

"Yeahhh! Ohhh! Man, this feels so good!" Mike started moaning as soon as she got the praise. Her confidence boost and she started doing several experiments on his dick.

She rolled her tongue to the bottom and engulfed the two balls inside her while smashing them with her tongue. After that, she grasped her mouth at the bottom and started rolling her head as she moved up to the top.

That was one hell of an experience for Mike. He didn't expect she would be this good. Suddenly, a thought rang in his mind 'Damn! I should definitely ask Jenny to establish few Popsicles industries. If everyone can get a good sucking education just by sucking Popsicles, why would we need dick sucking online courses by the pornstars?'

'But, that would definitely take away pornstars profit. Man, even I have such reputation in the earth. Should I really tell her to open Popsicles industries? Whatever I could simply ask her to do so and it still depends on her.'

'After all, she won't be doing anything that doesn't generate profit for us. For now, let's just focus on her.'

"This is gooddd!" Mike screamed as she deeply sucked his dick. He was surprised when she tried to take more than she could take. That was unexpected but it made him happy. At least, she was having fun.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

Soon, his precum started coming out and pasted around his dick by her mouth. When she tasted his precum, she felt it a little disgusting. But, she didn't stop. She kept sucking it deeper as the thrust increases.

Mike was moving his hips previously but when he found she was actually increasing the pace, he also increased his pace. The increased pace made it a little harder for her to adjust. But as soon as she adjusted the pace, his inner balls started rumbling.

In just another two minutes, Mike grabbed her head and pushed her deeper shouting "I'm cumming! Drink it all!"

Zemin didn't understand why she must drink it but she was too powerless to resist. In just the next second, a huge load of white cum entered her mouth. She just kept gulping for few seconds and when he took out his dick, her mouth was still full.

That was an incredible amount of cum. It might be because he hasn't released it for a week. But, that was still too much for Zemin. Surprisingly, she didn't get angry. In fact, when she tasted his cum, it was too sweet.

Even though her mind was telling her that it's disgusting, her instincts were forcing her to swallow every bit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That wasn't so bad." Luo Zemin muttered after taking the gulp of semen down her throat. It was a new experience for her. But, she didn't expect it to be this good.

"Babe, we still have the main course," Mike smirked and grabbed her body to the bed. As he got above her, she blushed fiercely and muttered "I heard it hurts like hell."

"It does hurt. But, if you don't suffer how can you gain pleasure?" Mike smirked as he buried his head on her bosom. He puts her nipple in his mouth and sucked it harshly. But slowly, he moved his head up as his lips got a hook on the nipples.

After doing so, he slightly revealed his teeth and bite the nipples.

"Ouch! Don't do that." Luo Zemin cried in surprise when she felt his teeth catching her nipples. She feared his teeth will tear down her nipple.

But, Mike completely ignored her and continued licking and biting her nipples. His act began to harden her nipples. The harder her nipple gets, the less pain she feels. And, soon she started moaning when Mike move his teeth on her nipple.

"Ohhhh! Ahhh! Yesss!"

"This is soooo good."

Her moans got even louder when he moves his finger to her hole and started making it wet. But, when he inserted his hand inside her hole, it was soaking wet. Mike instantly understood her condition and smirked.

Slowly, he leaves her boobs and moved down. He gets a clear view of her pussy. Seeing him watching it close, Zemin flustered and tried to hide it. But, Mike wouldn't let her do it. He puts his hand between her legs and makes a clear view.

"Don't stare so much!" Zemin blushed and spoke. She couldn't even stare at his face.

"Alright, I'm going in," Mike smirked and held the thirteen-inch rod in his hand. He slowly put the tip at the edge of her cave.

Suddenly, her body started trembling just by the touch of his rod. He smiled and said "Don't worry! I will move slowly. If you feel you can't bear it, just tell me."

"Mnn!" Zemin nods her head but instantly moaned when his tip slightly entered her pussy. It was getting hot. Mike slowly thrusts it inside stretching her walls. Zemin clutched the mattress when his rod got inside.

Slowly, tears flow out of her eyes when his rod entered deeper. She bites her lips but didn't make a sound. When his rod entered deep, blood gushed out.

"Ahhh!"

Zemin shouted in pain and wrapped her arms around his body. She pulled him into her bosom and shouted "Please don't move! Let's just stay like this for now."

Mike sighed and nodded his head. He just stayed like a statue over her boobs. After a minute, Zemin muttered, "You can move now."

Mike raised his body and asked "Are you sure? If you are not ready, we can stay like this for a little longer."

"I can hold it. Just don't use your full strength!" Zemin smirked but under that smile, a painful expression was hidden. But, Mike knew this wasn't the moment to fall for pain. This was the moment to rise up.

And, smash!

Mike slowly pulls out his rod while Zemin's legs started trembling even more. After that, he slowly puts it in. This time he didn't go fast rather at the same speed. He moved his hips at the same speed for over two minutes.

Only after that, he started moving at a greater speed. His hips moved as the rod started striking her womb.

"Ahhh! What's happening?" Zemin moaned when he started increasing his pace. Her expression was slowly changing as her voice became more seductive.

"What happened?" Mike asked but he didn't stop.

"I…. I--- I am not feeling pain. It feels good." Mike smirked when he heard her words. His eyes widen as she moved out her tongue in a slutty expression.

"That's good! I will show you the true heaven on earth." Mike said as he moved his face closer. He sticks out his tongue and wrapped it around her, taking it inside his mouth. Soon, their lips collides while their tongues started dancing.

"Ohhh! Yeah! Yeah! More! Dear, I want it harder." Zemin adjusted to his speed as soon as she started feeling good. His dick was striking her womb and leaking the juice out from their collision. At this moment, he starts Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State, and the new Black Hole Devouring Energy State.

Unlike his Chaotic Path towards Harmony and Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State, Black Hole Devouring Energy State only benefits him. This state is his newly developed technique where he sucks different energies inside her body.

"Babe! I'm going to increase my speed." Mike shouted as he turns her body around and makes her stay in fours. This position was the best position for him. After settling to position, he directly smashes his dick inside and increases the pace.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

The sound of muscles flapping resonates throughout the room. At this moment, Mike notices some movements and slightly turned his eye around. Then, a smirk appears on his face as he increases his pace even more.

"Ohhh gooodddd! Dear, I love you. This is soooo fuckinggggg goooodddd!"

"Oh yeah!!!!! Yess, yesss, yesssss!"

Zemin's expression was changing an entire room was resonating with her moans. Soon, the yin energy inside her body started colliding with his yang energy. His dick started hitting her womb even harder to the point of trembling her soul.

"Ugghhhhh! Yeahhhh!"

Zemin feels her soul trembling with the intense energy sucking in her comprehension. At the same time, a new piece of information was entering her mind. But, she was too busy with pleasure that she even forgot about it.

At this moment, his new state was working as well. This was making him extremely happy. His dick was sucking not just her yin energy but several different kinds of energy. He was sucking her qi, stamina, and soul energy.

When all of these were sucked in by his dick, his yang energy merges with them. Instead of forming chaotic energy, yin and yang collide to form two different opposing forces. These forces started creating a small-sized black hole between her womb.

Mike had to do a little research about yin and yang to come up with this idea. Yin and Yang can form chaos when they are merged together in harmony. But, due to several other energies interfering in their amalgamation, yin and yang create two opposing forces from their energies.

These two forces represent two different sides of the same energy. Because harmony is still ongoing. That means yin and yang are still merging together and becoming one. So, these two forces are just different sides of the single energy.

Chaos means destruction and when two opposite forces collide together with destruction, void reappears just like when he uses Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State. In that state, he uses space and evolves it to the void.

But, here, he creates a void. After creating a void through chaos, he absorbs different kinds of energies into it and creates a new kind of energy. While pounding her, he also released his Chaos Body. This gives a supplement to that energy.

At this moment, his physical strength was rising up wildly. This was the core reason behind the creation of the Black Hole Devouring Energy State. It increases his physical strength by combing several energies into one.

Mostly it combines stamina, qi/ability energy, and soul energy to the chaos energy. Later, it was supplemented by Chaos Body which restructure its core purpose of improving his physical strength along with his stamina.

"Dear, I'm cuminggg!"

Suddenly, Zemin's voice wakes him up from his deep thoughts. As she squirts, the path becomes easier. His dick slides more as it reaches the womb faster and with more ease. Slamming her womb, he makes her cum five times in just half an hour.

After that, she just passed out on his dick. He sighs but he had already achieved his goal. He turns around and looked at the little girl. She was looking at him as well. His thirteen inches long rod was towering in front of her as she looked at it curiously.

She could see Zemin's expression. She knew just how good Zemin was feeling at that moment. But, Mike had no intention of banging her. AT least, he doesn't want to bang a ten-year-old girl. But, he has a different purpose for her. He smirks as he says "Come here!"

His words startled the girl but she still walks near him. She stands a few inches away from the tip of his dick. He pats her head and says "Use your both hand to stroke it!"

The girl looked at him with confusion so Mike had to perform it. After that, she follows his words and starts stroking them.

Girl's hands are girls' hands! Even if she is ten years old, it still feels better than his hand. She stroke it for two minutes until Mike says "Sit down and open your mouth!"

The girl does what he says and sits down. When she opens her mouth, Mike takes his dick in front of her face and stroke it a few times.

Splash!

As soon as it starts coming out, he inserts the tip inside her mouth and shouts "Drink it like water! Don't spill even a bit!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike smiles when the little girl drinks his cum like water. When his cum enters her body, a blue light glows around her. Normally, this doesn't happen to him. But, since the little girl was someone without cultivation and with a weak physical body, even a small change could be manifested.

As her body glowed in blue color, her physical strength started rising. Soon, the blue color was overlapped with the red color. At the same time, a painful expression appeared on her face. Mike takes back his dick and crouches down.

He pats her head and says "Beat the pain! If you can't bear it now, you can never avenge your parents, your grandpa, and your villagers. In this world, strength is everything. Although what I did was bad for a ten-year-old girl, I do not regret it."

"Because I did it for good. You do not have spiritual roots. And, I don't know how long we have to wait till we can find you a way to cultivate. You can't cultivate that technique. So, the best way would be to find artificial spiritual roots."

"But, as said, we don't know long how it will take. I know you probably don't know anything good or bad. And, what I am doing is bad, making you my cum dumpster. But, you will be MY CUM DUMPSTER. The God of Sex, the future strongest person in the entire multiverse, it can never be a bad thing, can it?"

"So, from now on, you will drink my cum and improve your strength until you can find your own way."

Guilt, Mike had a little. He was guilty that the little girl can't decide for herself. But, he wasn't guilty of making her cum dumpster. He knows what it means to be the God of Sex. He knows what it means to be the strongest person in the entire multiverse.

If the strongest person gets angry, he can erase the entire universe without a slight pity. This world is not ruled by law. It is ruled by strength. If you have strength, you can do anything you want. That's why he doesn't feel bad for making her drink his cum.

Jenny does that. Lauren does that. For him, every girl in his harem drinks his cum like holy water. So, she is not much different. But they do it willingly. This girl can't decide on her own. And, that's bugging him.

He knows kids are the form of innocence. Even though this little girl has seen the death of her parents, she still had her grandpa. But, at this moment, she had none. No one was on her side. And, whatever he does, she will learn the same.

That's why he feels guilty. But, he can't take care of her. Even though he has promised her grandpa, he can't live here forever. Or, even take her with him everywhere. That's why he knew he must improve her strength.

And, this was the best way to do so. After ten minutes, Mike looked at her and thought 'Claire, show me her and mine status!'

"Name- Yu Yufei

Age- 10

Cultivation- None

Spiritual Roots- None

Bloodline- None

STR: 3000

AGI: 3000

INT: 0

STM: 3000

DEF: 3000

Status- Slave"

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 2

Cultivation- Zero

User- Mike Tyson

Spiritual Root- None

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-1), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-1)

STR: 35000

AGI: 33000

INT: 0

STM: 35000

DEF: 35000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+10000 STR), Super Speed (+10000 AGI), Super Endurance (+10000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony

Martial Arts- None

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0 (Can't be used), Godspeed Mode 2.0 (Can't be used)

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, and 13 others

Stat Points: 0

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Guild Creation/Joining Token, Evolution Stone*5, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*3"

'Hmm! Not bad I guess. It increased my strength by three thousand which is still a bit less than Commander Realm but I guess it's okay.'

'So, my cum also increases the same amount of strength as the intercourse does. Her strength is at three thousand which should be around Martial Advent. Hmm! Claire, show Zemin's status!' Mike stands up and presses his chin while looking at the status panel.

He was pretty happy that the new state worked quite well. And, Yu Yufei's strength also made him quite amazed. But, he was still not sure about the strength of the people in this world. So, he directly called out the status of Zemin.

"Name- Luo Zemin

Age- 18

Cultivation- Martial Grandmaster Third Stage

Spiritual Roots- Heaven Rank

Bloodline- Snow Immortal (Sealed)

Unique Qualities- Ice Sword Intent, Ice Phoenix Martial Soul

STR: 20000

AGI: 20000

INT: 50000

STM: 15000

DEF: 10000

Status- Dao Companion"

'Wow! I didn't expect Dao Companion to be a status. And, what's with that ridiculous amount of qi? Is that what a grandmaster possesses? Doesn't that mean her energy is equal to Alena?'

'Wait a minute, the cultivation world is all about qi. So, it shouldn't be much of a surprise. But, even though she is a qi cultivator, her strength is twenty thousand. Is that the effect of training in a harsh situation?' Mike thought for a while after looking at her status.

Suddenly, Yufei pulled his dick.

Mike looked at the bottom and Yufei spoke "I want to be strong. I want to avenge my grandpa."

At this moment, he could see the crystal tears in her eyes. Mike crouched down and wiped away her tears. He pats her head and said "Don't worry! I might not be able to make you the strongest. But, you have to drink it. So, don't feel disgusted, okay?"

"I will never feel disgusted about something that can increase my strength. Grandpa always told me that I was meant to be ordinary. But," Suddenly, she crouched down and stroke his dick as she continued "This thing can make me extraordinary. And, it tastes good."

"Want to taste it again?" Mike smirked as he spoke.

"Huh!" Yufei looked at him with confusion. She turned around and saw Zemin sleeping soundly on the bed. She bites her lips and slowly pulls down her skin. But suddenly, Mike catches her hand.

"This is no good. You shouldn't try something that you can't do. Your body is still small." Mike slowly moves his hand to her pussy and says "This thing is not ready yet. If you eat uncooked food, it will never be delicious."

"And, if I don't eat a delicious thing, I won't get happy. That's why let's eat this when you are actually ready. After all, my heavenly rod can't even properly enter your cave."

"Is this thing called heavenly rod?" Yufei suddenly catches his rod and asked.

"Ehh! Originally, you shouldn't be learning this now. But, since you already engaged in this, you should probably know about it." Then, Mike touches her pussy and says "This is called Pussy. And, mine is called penis. You can also call it dick. But, mine is a little bit better than others."

"It's not about the size. It's about its power. This dick of mine is called Heavenly Rod or Little Dragon." Mike let out a proud smile when he finished his words.

"So, how should I taste it? That big sister has fallen asleep." Yufei puts her index finger at her cheeks and asked. Her expression was really good.

Mike stands up and says "Stand up and open your mouth!"

Yufei does as he says. She opens her mouth and Mike slowly touches her lips with his dick.

"Now, use your mouth to swallow it and lick it like Popsicle," Mike instructed her as he rubs his dick on her lips.

"What is Popsicle?" Yufei raised her head and asks while looking at his eyes with confusion/

When Mike sees those eyes, his heartbeat suddenly increased. He slaps his forehead in distress.

"Di----did I do something wrong?" When he slapped his own forehead, Yufei got startled. Fear flashed across her eyes as she clutched his clothes and asked. Tears were gathering in her eyes and could fall any moment.

Mike was startled by those tears. He hurriedly crouched down and says "You did nothing wrong. But, don't worry! I will never let you live like you previously did. I will make your life glorious."

In his heart, he was obsessed with her and her grandpa. He couldn't show it but he knows he was in their debt. And, Mike wants to return that debt. He wants to make her life glorious so that he can clear his debt.

Maybe, it was due to his fear of death. He feels too much burdened by this debt. While Mike was troubled by the debt, Yufei suddenly asked.

"So, should I lick the heavenly rod?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You want to lick it?" Mike asked with a smile upon hearing her question. Yufei nods her head with a cute expression.

"Alright! As long as, you don't bite." Mike nods his head and points his heavenly rod at her face. Yufei curiously sticks out her tongue and licks the tip.

"Umm! It doesn't taste good." Yufei muttered when she licks it once again. Mike pats her head and says "This is not for you to taste good. This is for me to feel good. If I feel amazing, then I will release my cum."

"Okay!" After saying so, Yufei started licking his heavenly rod.

Half an Hour Later,

"Ahem! Yufei, let's just stop here! You are still young and don't know many things. You just need to improve your strength. And, now you have a little bit of strength, you should try to learn how to control it."

"Remember, if you can't control it, you will hurt innocent people. Bad people have done bad things to you doesn't mean you have to do bad things to innocent people. It is no good or bad. There is only weak or strong." Mike coughed out and took back his six inches shrunk dick.

It was really a wrong choice. Her licking and swallowing couldn't even excite him. Being a child, she couldn't control her body and ended up biting him few times. He gradually lost his interest in the blowjob from her.

Initially, Yufei looked at him with frustration and tears but when she heard his last words, she finally understood his meaning. She made a straight face and nods her head. She wears her skirt back. After that, she walks out of the hut but suddenly her stomach roared.

Growl!

Mike smirked upon hearing her growl. He took out few clothes and spoke "Hehe! Let's eat something. Before that, let me wear the same clothes."

Originally, he thought of wearing black pants and a black shirt. But, he later gave up. This new dress was specifically prepared by Jenny. And, it was also very high class. He wasn't sure whether he should really wear this.

But, he thought this could help him change his fighting style a little. After all, this dress costs over eight hundred million. White pants, a white shirt that seems fashionably made for royalties, a side cape, and a pair of black shoes.

So, what makes it million dollar suit? Well, the shirt has fashionable diamond embroidered from the right shoulder to the left waist. It was kind of weird. But, it wasn't just diamond that makes it expensive.

The shirt also has King Realm Defense Barrier. That means once he wears this, his body will be protected against any King Realm attacker. And, those diamonds are created for not only design but also to release the barrier. Not only that, but it also has the High-Speed Jet in those pairs of black shoes.

Although it is not comparable to his teleportation, it's still better than his normal speed. And, he also got some cool functions in his pant. Among them, one function stands out more than anything else.

A defense mechanism that can only cover his dick and balls. This defense mechanism is small but it can block attacks of an emperor. Jenny specifically designed it using her father's technology.

Wearing this dress, Mike stood out like an emperor. Not just did his silver hair stand out well with his white shirt, the red eyes made him even more dashing.

"Mike, is that you?" Suddenly, those words startled him. He turned around and saw Zemin rubbing her eyes while looking at him.

Mike smirked at her as he walked towards her and spoke "What? Are you so drunk in pleasure that you even forget me?"

Zemin glared at him with a blush but when she saw his clothes clearly, her face lit up "Wow! You look amazing."

Hearing her words, Mike puts up a proud smirk and says "Of course, I might be the most handsome dude in this world."

"Nah! I have seen the better one. And, you clearly don't have that aura to make you look better." Zemin flat out shook her head and denied his words.

"Who is the one?" On earth, he hated Elf Prince because that girl looked more handsome than him. Mike has developed the personality to have the best look in the entire multiverse. Because most of the time people do judge book from its cover.

And, being the most handsome person in the entire multiverse would definitely skyrocket his charm that is quite good for a God of Sex.

Zemin was startled by his overwhelming thrust for blood. The purple spirit released by Mike was too much for her to bear especially when she is this close.

"Mike, stop!" Zemin released her remaining qi to her mouth and shouted out loud. Her scream instantly brought Mike back to reality. He felt the overwhelming thrust of blood around him and felt remorse.

His face dimmed down, with the guilt overshadowing his expression. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you."

Zemin looked at his expression and sighed "I guess there are all kinds of people in the world. Just don't let this kind of behavior get into your head. In our world, there is a saying which we all believe in. There will always be someone better than you. There will always be the heaven above heaven."

"I guess you are right." Mike sighed when he heard her words. He wanted to be the strongest in the entire multiverse but what if there is something beyond multiverse.

'Should I go back and be like what I used to be? It's foolish but it is the mentality that helped me a lot. Comparing myself with others and trying to perform better than them. I thought I left that behind after my death.'

'Eight years of hard work! I just chose the wrong path to my dream. This time I shouldn't repeat it. This time I should do what I have been doing for eighteen years. Though I should change myself a little.'

"By the way Dear, what are you planning to do with that little girl?" Suddenly, Zemin's voice woke him up from his deep thinking. He looked at her when she started wearing new set clothes.

"I was planning to bring her with me. She doesn't have spiritual roots. But, I hope I can keep her with me." Mike spoke with a little expectation. After all, he was going to join her sect.

"This is going to be a problem. As I said previously, Yan Che has Martial Lord and Martial King as his servants. But, I don't have those even though my talent is equal to him. Why do you think so?" Zemin sighed as she explained him with sadness flashing in her eyes.

'You have greater talent than him.' Mike commented in his mind then said "Let me guess! Invincible Sword Sect is the lowest ranking sect. Each sect is still supported by one of the great families. Great Family not only supports sect but also receives income from it."

"Since Invincible Sword Sect is at the lowest with less disciple, your family doesn't earn anything from it. Instead, it spent a lot to maintain the sect which must have hampered your family background."

Zemin looked at him with surprise, then shook her "Your knowledge is outdated. Now, our family no longer supports Invincible Sword Sect. But, as you said, our family condition is far worse than other families."

"I joined the sect because I wanted to practice Sword. And, Invincible Sword Sect has many inheritances about swords. I joined the sect which opposed my family's opinion. I was very desperate to learn Space Law. Because, if I can't win against my fiancée in battle, then I must marry him."

"This was the condition they enforced upon me. Normally, we can't go against our elder's opinion but because of my talent, I was able to set some conditions."

'Ha! Another same old cliché. I guess I should remember those novels so that I can perform better. By the way, doesn't this mean I have thought a lot? Like from cultivation to laws. It's going to another massive headache.'

Mike sighed "Don't worry about her or them! I won't bring trouble to the sect. I will just keep killing people he sends at me."

"You completely forgot what I said, didn't you? Our sect ranks at the bottom only because we don't have enough disciples for the Kingdom's competition. There are only three people including me at the age of eighteen. There is one more person at the age of twenty."

"But, then others are above the age of thirty, forty, hundred, and so on. Most of them are sword maniac who wants to understand the sword deeply like me. But, if you think you are troubling the sect then you are wrong."

"No one, not even the King of Great Sun Kingdom dares to do anything to our sect. And, normally our sect doesn't involve with matters regarding the kingdom. Since you don't know anything about the sect, let me tell its history."

"Our sect was founded by three people. They were called Xia Long Fei, Xiao Zhen, and Ji Urhou.. Our sect is called invincible because they were invincible."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Sounds like the name of protagonists from a novel! Hmm! Naming the sect invincible just because you are invincible sounds a little arrogant.'

Mike muttered in his mind upon hearing those names. But, before he could fall into his deep thinking once again, Zemin spoke "Each of them was unique for their swordsmanship. In fact, Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique was improvised by them."

"Improvised? You mean it wasn't created by them?" Mike asked with surprise.

"It was created by them but then it was improvised by one of our founder's sons. Then again, it was improvised by them. Since previous improvise didn't take out the full potential of this technique. You won't believe me but there are several strong sword techniques in our sect."

"Such as Billion Invincible Sword Art created by found Xiao Zhen, Yin-Yang Harmony Sword Technique created by found Ji Urhou, and Ruthless Dao Sword Technique created by founder Xia Long Fei. There is another technique on par with these. It is called A Sword Domination Technique."

"Originally, it was the combination of these techniques and it was supposed to be the higher rank technique. But, it was later labeled that those techniques created by founder don't lose to this technique even if it was created by merging with those techniques."

"It is said that those techniques created by founders were practiced to perfection by their inheritors and now possess strength close to the founders. And, even the person who cultivated A Sword Domination Technique could never surpass the founders."

Mike suddenly tilts his head and said: "How do you know so much about them?"

"Because we have records about them. We have statues. We have each item used by them. In fact, everything used by them was left behind when they left our world." Zemin spoke with proud expression as she uncovered more detail about the founders.

"Seriously? And, here I thought you know about them after reading the novel." Mike sighed upon hearing her explanation.

"Reading novels? Wait, do you have the book about them as well?" Zemin suddenly clutched his hands as she spoke with sparkling eyes.

"What do you mean by as well?" Mike looked at her with a suspicious gaze.

"Ha-Ha-Ha! Look at this! The completion edition of their biography." Zemin laughed and gave him a prideful smirk while taking out two books. One of them was entitled "Fighting For Eternity" and another was entitled "Magic and Martial War God"

"Wait a minute! Don't tell me they wrote their own biography?" Mike looked at them with a dumbfounded gaze as he read the title of those books.

"Nope! If it was written by them, then these books wouldn't be boring and full of mistakes. And, the writer didn't even bother learning the language he needs to write these books. He didn't even learn more about their characters and different events that happened during their lives."

"That writer made so many grammatical mistakes that my eyes hurt when I read these books. He didn't know to show any emotions felt by the founder and didn't write the lovely romance between the founder and his wives."

"The only thing that kept me reading these books was about the cultivation. And, even then those power systems he wrote felt so wrong. I mean we have the same cultivation realm but what's with that ridiculous mana introduction. Couldn't he simply gone with spiritual roots?"

"And, when did the spiritual roots start popping up in your forehead? They were supposed to be near our naval point. And, laws! Don't even get me started on that one. If it wasn't for me being the fan of a swordsman, I should have kicked the ass of that writer."

Mike suddenly felt chills on his back when he saw her expression. She was growling like a tiger that was hungry for blood. The red eyes were full of madness. He stood in front of her and caught her shoulder "Hey! Calm down! That's just a book."

"You read it and you learned something about the sword. That's it! Story plot, romance, drama, action, adventure doesn't matter. You just get what you wanted. And, you are a cultivator. Your eyes will go back to normal."

"And, don't you think you are being a little too harsh on that writer. No matter who he might be, he still did write those books. And, those books are the reason how you were able to know more about the founders. He might just be a newbie so who started writing with no prior knowledge about writing."

"So, don't think negatively. Just think like this! Because he wrote, you were able to read. If he hadn't written those books, you would know nothing about the founder's personal life."

Zemin sighed upon realizing her mistake. She nodded her head and said "You are right. I shouldn't be too harsh on him. But, I wonder, who is that writer? How could he know so much about founders? It felt like he could see anything he wants. Although he didn't show a lot, he did write some scenes with founder's enemies."

"So, I wonder how he can see the founder and the founder's enemies at the same time. Wait, doesn't that mean he can still see what we are talking about."

Mike suddenly laughed out loud and said "Who knows? Maybe he can see everything. Maybe he is writing something right now. It may be about you. It may be about me. Or, it may be about a human girl who got married to a werewolf."

"I just hope his writing would improve when he writes my biography."

"Ha! You made it sound like he really exists here. I think he is writing new adventures of founders. And, maybe he will sell those books when the founder finally achieves his goal." Zemin sighed upon hearing his laughter. But, her eyes quickly changed when she think about her founder achieving his goal.

"Oh! What is his goal?" Mike asked curiously but Zemin handed over the books to him and said "Read these and find it on your own. We will be leaving now. I have a flying carriage. You can read it when we travel."

"Alright!" Saying so, Mike kept those books in his system space. At the same time, Yufei also entered the hut with sweat all over her body.

"Woah! What happened to you?" Zemin got startled by her condition and instantly appeared in front of Yufei.

'Did she just use teleportation?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Yufei took a short bath, three of them left the village in Zemin's carriage. It was a medieval-styled carriage with one exception. It had a sword connected at its front inside of horses. And, with enough qi, she could easily manipulate that sword.

While traveling thousands and thousands of miles at the speed close to sixty miles per hour, he knew it would take five to six days. Within those days, he finished reading 'Magic and Martial War God' and 'Fighting For Eternity'.

The former was completed while the latter was paused for some reason. From these books, he learned a lot. And, he learned just how cruel a man can be. Like slaughtering billions of people in a matter of seconds, one can't describe it as cruel.

Xia Long Fei, from his understanding this man was cruel, ruthless, manipulative, but among these all, he was a dreamer. Mike never knew people could go to this extent just to chase that dream. He doesn't know why but he feels little similarities between Xia Long Fei and Jenny.

One can do anything to fulfill his dream, while others can do anything to fulfill someone else's dream. But both have one aspect that makes them incredibly close. Both are crazy for dreams. They place their dreams above anything else even more than their own life.

While Xia Long Fei's son Johnny Fenton was the exact opposite of his dad. He just wanted love and affection. His fate was indeed miserable. Although he was the protagonist of his own biography, he could never become the strongest, he could never live happily with his family.

And, in the end, he even had to separate from his own son. He was manipulated by his past reincarnated sister, father, mother, and even an A.I. that he trusted the most. The only person that changed his fate was his wife Rose.

She fought for him and for his freedom. She even chose the same path as his father just to help him get free. Mike doubted his own life for a moment. Although he wasn't a fan of tragedy and helplessness, he couldn't help but feel empty with these.

He felt his life had no excitement at all. It was all about fucking the girls, acting silly, smashing the villain's head, and hogging on all the glory. It felt really bland. Yes, he had a father who fucking hates him. But, he also had a mother who loves him the most.

And, even though his father hates him, he never tried to do anything against him. At least, when he compared his life to Johnny who almost died due to his mother's manipulation, who almost forgot his path due to his father's manipulation, and who almost hated his family due to his sister's manipulation.

It was only at the end, he understood that some people in this world are just crazy for their dreams. They don't just sit back and do nothing when they are helpless. They step up and use every single trick they have whether it is good or bad, to achieve their dreams.

Mike's father hated him but he never truly make his life difficult. His mother did make a world full of lies but it was only heavy because Mike was emotionally weak. In fact, if his emotions were as strong as Johnny's, he wouldn't even flinch over that fact.

He understood the difference between him and Johnny. And, he also understood the difference between him and Xia Long Fei. At this moment, he felt he really needed a change.

A change in behavior, attitude, and emotional change. He doesn't want the change like that battle attitude change. It was like a short-term change that had already disappeared from his mind. He wanted a long-term change.

Broken bones, torn muscles, blood covering her body, but Johnny merely smiled and cheered his wife for the win. Was it because he loved her less? No, he loved her so much that he didn't even think of having the second woman.

It was trust. A simple yet unyielding trust in his wife. This is what he lacks. Mike realized he does love Jenny and others a lot but when it comes to trust, he doesn't really trust them. At the same time, he isn't ruthless enough.

He is indeed ruthless but not enough. After reading those books, he finally understood this was actually a training ground for him before he actually enters the multiverse. World of Cultivation was different than his previous world.

This world does put strength above all to the point where the master can use his disciple as a tool. His previous world still had some laws that were needed to be followed. And, this place is the ultimate place where he can finally achieve his true attitude.

And, he knew there would be lots of clichés but this was the best of his improvement. At least, he believes he can make some permanent changes here.

On the seventh day, the carriage stopped. Mike, Zemin, and Yufei walked out of the carriage.

"Wow!" Mike gasped at the view in front of him. He knew the cultivation world is beautiful but this sure was next-level stuff. The mountains towering up to the skies. The top was covered with snow, the bottom was covered with forest.

The white cloud spread throughout the mountains. And, the sun shining above the clouds. When he looked around, he noticed he was standing at the one of mountain's middle parts. It seemed to be artificially created especially with the designs of the place around him.

It looked just like plain ground. But surprisingly, this mountain was nearly ten miles. And, the plane that was created for people to live was nearly two miles circling the mountain.

"This is so beautiful." Yufei's eyes lit up as she exclaimed. She ran around spreading her arms while a few yellow butterflies encircled her. When Mike saw those butterflies and birds around the mountain, he found their body contained qi as well.

Zemin smiled when she saw Yufei enjoying herself. Mike had already explained everything regarding her strength. Although she felt Mike was a little bad doing this, she didn't oppose him. First, it didn't matter to her. Second, this thing actually increased Yufei's strength.

"Let's go! I will take you to the sect." Zemin said while leading the way. She walked towards the massive gate. It was a red gate without any doors or barriers. But, as soon as they reach in front of the door, blue dots of energies appeared in the middle and combine together.

Upon combination, they formed a sword. It was nearly a meter long with a double-edged blade. Zemin raised her finger and took out the sword energy inside her fingertips. The sword energy formed the shape of a sword and moved towards the double-edged sword.

It merged with the double-edged sword upon contacting it. The sword slowly fades away and the path got open for them. Mike and Yufei started walking behind Zemin as they crossed the gate and entered the sect area.

After walking for ten minutes, they stood in front of an old man. Mike looked at him and thought 'So lame! This is nothing new.'

The old man was tall nearly six feet and had a white beard with a bald head. He was wearing white pants and a shirt of ancient style and a white robe over it. The white shirt had beautiful red jade buttons.

"Greeting Third Elder!" Zemin bowed down as she greets the old man. Mike and Yufei also follow the same routine but they didn't speak.

"You have finally returned, disciple Zemin. I believe you gained something good in this journey for you to return this fast." The Third Elder smiled as he stood in front of the massive house structured in an ancient style. It wasn't exactly a thatched house but the design was the same.

"It was indeed fruitful. And, I returned with a new potential disciple." Zemin smiled as she replied and shifted her head at Mike.

"Oh! But, he doesn't have the spiritual root." When Mike heard that, he was slightly shocked. He thought this elder had to check his spiritual by touching him.

"That makes him perfect for that technique which is why I brought him to our sect." Zemin smiled as she spoke.

Bang!

Suddenly, the third elder released an intense pressure around him. This pressure wasn't just pressing Zemin and Mike but also the ground and the buildings around him. But, surprisingly, Yufei was completely safe.

Mike immediately understood that the third elder wanted to test him. He instantly released Space Law and created a barrier around him. This was the second time he had used this barrier. Although it wasn't strong previously, it had grown a lot when he comprehended Space Law.

And, during these six days, Mike had been thinking about Zemin's words. He can do all sorts of things with space law. He hasn't thought it over but he still remembered a few moves he had using Space.

"Oh! Space Law!" The Third Elder's eyes sparkled when he saw the space barrier around Mike.. He instantly withdraw his pressure and looked at Mike with a hungry ghost expression.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Uh! Third Elder, sorry for breaking your dreams but I am not gay." Mike's face was full of disgust when he looked at found the third elder examining his body from super close. At this moment, Mike regretted releasing his Space Barrier.

And, his new dress was freaking expensive.

"Ahem! Sorry, I was surprised by the Space Law that you have comprehended. Although you have a powerful physique and powerful bloodline, both of them didn't seem to be related to space. Rather, there was something else in your blood that possess Space Power."

"It's interesting. I have never seen anything else that could store the inheritance inside the blood except bloodline." The third elder coughed out as he separated away from Mike and stood in a straight position with the left hand behind him. His eyes were full of curiosity when he spoke.

Mike suddenly felt a threatening aura from the elder. He knew higher realm cultivators were strong. But, this was over the top. At least, he believed he could face off against Martial Lord. But now, he faced a serious problem.

A doubt rose up inside his heart. Suddenly, a flash of surprise appeared on his face. A smile lit upon his lips as he took deep breaths and release them.

'Hu! Fu! Hu! Fu! Hu! Fu!'

The doubt inside his heart starts fading away as the confidence overcame fear. The third elder was very fast on his expression. He quickly noticed the change in Mike. He noticed the fear rising in his eyes and slowly confidence overcoming it.

He smiled and said "Since you have comprehended Space Law and possess such an immense strength, I guess you could participate in that battle. If we win, you can get a chance to obtain the second stage of Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique."

"I guess you were somehow fated for it. But still, who knows what might happen in the future."

'Damn right! Who knew I would end up in the world of cultivation just before I started taking everything seriously?' Mike nods his head with a little bit of miserable emotions. He was missing Jenny and others. It has been over a week now.

He had already sent the message but it would take almost a month. And, there were many things that weren't accomplished. First, he hasn't made Olive a heavenly maiden. He hasn't kicked Elf Prince's ass. And, he hasn't developed his guild.

At this moment, he can only put his trust in Jenny and others. And, it's not like he doesn't trust their abilities. If he hadn't trusted her, he would have never given her the responsibilities. So, the only thing that he didn't trust was her strength.

And, now he has no choice but to trust her strength. But deep down, he knew he was putting his trust in Alena. Even though he knows Jenny's bloodline might be stronger than Alena's bloodline.

"Alright, this will be your sect token. Disciple Zemin will give you a tour around the sect and introduce everything to you." Suddenly, the third elder threw a sword-shaped bronze token at him startling him. Although Mike caught it, he was a little out of balance.

As Mike nods his head, the third elder continued "And, when elders are talking, try to listen carefully. Do not drown in your own thoughts. You can think about everything else whenever you are alone. It is not polite. You might miss something crucial information."

"Yes Elder!" Mike instantly recognized his mistake and bowed down.

Hearing his loud voice, the third elder smiled and Zemin tilts her head. Mike and Yufei followed her. Just when they passed by, the third elder looked at Yufei with confusion.

'It wasn't right. How can law surround a person who doesn't have spiritual roots, bloodline, or even physique? It might be my misconception.' The third elder froze as he speculate but shook his head and returned to his normal self.

Zemin took Mike and Yufei to the main hall. As they entered the hall, they found several designs of swords and mythical creatures on the walls. Suddenly, Mike's eyes fell on three statues.

Thump!

In an instant, an intense pressure brought him to his knees.

"Dear, what happened?" Zemin instantly rushed in front of Mike but an invisible barrier stopped her. She turned her head to the side and saw the pressure released by the middle statue. She didn't understand why the statue released the pressure on Mike.

She didn't care. When she saw Mike having a hard time breathing under such pressure, she knew this was intense. She released qi in her sword and slashed the barrier. But, it didn't even leave a mark.

Whoosh!

"Stop! There is no need to interfere." Suddenly, a hand caught her shoulder and the voice rang on her ears. She stopped as she turned around with large eyes and shouted.

"Sect Master!"

"Don't worry! The founder is actually helping him." The sect master was surprisingly young. His height was nearly six feet with a slender body. And, his complexion was pale white. His face was curved at his cheeks compared to his forehead. His nose was long and his hair was black.

Though the dress he wore was gorgeous. The black long coat above a black shirt and pants. His dressing style was completely different from the elder. His black crystal eyes were piercing the barrier and looking closely at Mike's condition.

At this moment, the pressure was pulling him down. Mike released his Space Barrier but it didn't work. He instantly released his Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Blood Spirit, and Spear Spirit. But, the pressure still hits him hard to the ground.

Mike puts his head between his forearms as he felt harder to lift his head. Suddenly, the Chaos Spirit erupts out of his body. In an instant, the pressure became weak.

Bang!

But, the next moment another pressure landed on his body. This pressure complemented the previous pressure and smashed away the chaos spirit. He had barely raised his head and now it came crashing back the ground.

'That might have your willpower. But, it is not yours.'

'It belongs to your talent. Blood, Chaos, Fighting, Slaughter, all of them belongs to the emotions and talent.'

'Show me your dream, show me your goal, show me your mission!'

Suddenly, a few words rang on his mind. His eyes widen upon hearing these words. Although the author didn't clearly differentiate the sound of characters by a lot, he got a general idea of the sound.

When the last words were spoken, three different sounds were spoken one after another by different people.

'Show me your dream' Xia Long Fei spoke.

'Show me your goal' Xiao Zhen spoke.

'Show me your mission!' Ji Urhou spoke.

These words constantly rang on his mind. Mike became more drowned in his own thoughts.

'Dream! What is my dream? What was my dream? The greatest adventure. Is it a dream or is it my goal? God of Sex! Is it my goal or my mission?'

'My dream? My goal? My mission? My dream? My goal? My Mission? My dream? My goal? My Mission? My dream? My goal? My Mission? My dream? My goal? My Mission? My dream? My goal? My Mission?'

'God of Sex! Greatest Adventure! Strongest Man! God of Sex! Greatest Adventure! Strongest Man! God of Sex! Greatest Adventure! Strongest Man! God of Sex! Greatest Adventure! Strongest Man! No! No! No! This is not true.'

'Greatest Adventure! God of Sex! Strongest Man! Greatest Adventure! God of Sex! Strongest Man! Greatest Adventure! God of Sex! Strongest Man! Greatest Adventure! God of Sex! Strongest Man! Greatest Adventure! God of Sex! Strongest Man! Greatest Adventure! God of Sex! Strongest Man!'

'My dream is the greatest adventure. My goal is the God of Sex. And, my mission is to be the strongest man.' Mike gritted his teeth as he realized his dreams, goals, and mission. He thought Greatest Adventure couldn't be a dream.

But, he was wrong. It was always his dream. And, dreams can be never be changed. God of Sex, king of the harem, this was always his goal. Dream? It wasn't his dream. It was his goal. A goal he set for himself to achieve whether it was in his previous life or this life.

And, his mission was to become the strongest. Because without strength, he can't protect his harem. Dream, Goal, and Mission! Three of them interlinked with each other. Just like the people who asked him.

Xia Long Fei did everything he can to fulfill his dream not caring whether it's bad or good.

Xiao Zhen fulfilled his dream of becoming the best swordsman.

Ji Urhou didn't accomplish his mission but he indeed brought a lot of trouble for Xia Long Fei and Xiao Zhen.

Among them, the most accomplished person was Xiao Zhen. He was the only person who accomplished his goal, becoming the best or rather invincible swordsman. He can't be defeated. He can't be killed. And, he is always invincible with his sword alone.

Mike gritted his teeth as he tried to stand up. He used all of his physical strength but even so he could only move an inch. Suddenly, the third statue also released the pressure on him and all of them asked at the same time.

'Can you reach the top? Can you fulfill your dream? Can you fulfill your goal? Can you fulfill your mission? Can you defeat us and become the strongest?'

'My path is the Path of Strongest Talent.'

'My path is the Path of Invincibility.'

'My path is the Path of Undead.'

'What is your path?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'What is my path?'

'Do you even need to ask?'

'My path is Path of Sex.'

'I am going to fuck every gorgeous beauty I can find until I make my way to the top and even after that. Yes, I can fulfill my dream. I lived for eighteen years in the highly advanced technology world. Now, I am living in this cultivation world. Soon, I will visit the multiverse and all of these worlds have the adventures waiting for me.'

'I will become the God of Sex. I will become handsome enough to impress the goddess. I will be sexually attracted to make women squirt just by touch. My heavenly rod will become the divine rod that will open the path to heaven for my women.'

'And, I will surpass you guys. I will become the strongest. I will protect my family and my harem. I will not lose to anyone.'

"Ugh!" Bang!

Although Mike's heart got strong as steel, his body wasn't strong enough to continuously bear this pressure. When pressure slightly increased, he coughed out blood as his head got smashed back to the ground.

But, at this moment he was able to breathe freely. Although his body was bleeding, it was healing extremely fast as well. The Celestial Bloodline was improving at a rapid rate.

Boom!

Suddenly, the pressure exploded and disappeared. And, finally, his whole body started healing at a rapid speed. And, not just improving at a rapid rate but also growing his arm.

'My Celestial Bloodline actually improved without me reaching the King Realm?' Mike looked at his growing arm with surprise. It started with bones, muscles, skin, and finally, veins.

At this moment,

In Earth,

"I sensed him." Suddenly, Elizabeth stood up from the couch and shouted. Jenny, Lauren, Alena who were looking at the different papers looked at her with surprise. But, soon surprise changed into overwhelming happiness.

All of them instantly appeared in front of her and shouted "Mom, where is he?"

"He is very far, right now." Elizabeth sighed as she spoke.

Hearing her words, sadness flashed in their eyes. They thought they could finally see Mike but didn't expect it to be another failure.

"Do you want to visit him?" Elizabeth looked at them with a smile and asked. She knew how much these girls missed him. So, she didn't want to discourage them.

"Can we?" Those girls looked at her with wide eyes. The smile appeared on their lips with bright happiness flashing in their eyes.

"But, we might need some help." Elizabeth sighed.

"Can we help?" Jenny asked as she leaned closer to Elizabeth. She was truly desperate to meet Mike. Lauren and Alena also looked at her with the same eyes.

"Hah! Well, I was saving this for a moment like this." Saying so, she released strange golden energy from her hand. Jenny got startled when she sensed this energy. Elizabeth also noticed her expression and shook her head.

"I am not a swordswoman. Many years ago when I wasn't cursed, someone came to challenge me. Well, I was pretty strong at that time. So, I accepted his challenge. But, I lost in the most miserable way."

Three girls looked at her with curiosity when she stopped. They wanted to know more about her past and more importantly, they wanted to know about this person as well. After all, they know just how powerful their mother-in-law is.

Elizabeth caught the glance of their look and sighed "When we fought, we decided to fight in a place far away from my home. During our fight, he only used a single sword to defeat me."

"You mean a single attack?" Jenny looked at her with disbelieve on her face. Even Lauren and Alena were shocked.

"Who was that person?" Suddenly, a voice startled them. When they turned around, they saw Lucas staring at the sword with an intense gaze. After seeing his face, they released a deep breath.

"Don't scare us like that!" Lauren walked near him and slapped his head, shouting in his ear.

But, Lucas completely ignored her words and just focused on the sword. He was trembling. Lauren also noticed his body shaking forcefully when she slapped him. She looked at him with confusion and Jenny explained "It's due to this sword energy."

"Although I use a sword, I am not a swordswoman. I just use it as my woman. But, for him, the sword is just more a weapon. And, this sword energy is completely out of his reach. This sword energy is like a god while the sword energy inside his body is like a mortal."

"That sword energy is forcing Lucas to kneel down. And, I am surprised you are holding on without..."

Bang!

Just before she could say further, the black wings appeared behind his back as it helped him resist the pressure of the sword energy.

"Hush! I knew this would happen. This was the sword energy given by him to protect me until I heal completely. Well, he was happy that I didn't die from a single strike. He was also the reason why I pushed past beyond my bloodline level and developed that curse."

"But, I relied too much on my bloodline." Elizabeth sighed as she looked at Lucas's condition. When he heard her words, he was even more shocked.

"If he is that strong, can't you use this sword energy to break your curse?" Alena stared at the sword energy for a long time and turned her head at Elizabeth, asking her.

Elizabeth shook her head and answered "I can break the curse with this sword but it will destroy my bloodline as well. Just like Mike's father, I also respect my bloodline. Although they banished me, they did nothing wrong. If I hadn't tried creating such a curse, our family wouldn't suffer a devastating blow from the Universal Spirit."

"By the way, do you know where he is? And, how did you meet him?" Jenny asked as she curiously looked at Lucas. Receiving her gaze, Lucas instantly understood her situation. Seeing that, Lauren couldn't help but shook her head.

She felt her role as a sister was snatched away by Jenny.

Elizabeth also understood her and shook her head "No, he was from a completely different universe. The only difference was his sword cultivation. It had surpassed the limit of space-time. That means he can travel anywhere at any time."

"He was simply looking for an opponent who can defeat him."

Hearing her words, four of them speechlessly looked at her. Jenny looked at her and asked, "You really expect us to believe that?"

Elizabeth got enraged upon hearing Jenny's words and shouted "You think I will lie to you? Do you know what he said before the battle? He begged for defeat. Yeah, he hoped that I could defeat him since I was one of the strongest people in this universe."

Hearing her words, Lucas suddenly felt his blood boiling. He clenched his hand and feel the excitement in his chest. Suddenly, he felt a burning pain in his heart.

"Sis, it hurts!" Lucas moved his hand and caught Lauren's hand shouted. His expression started changing. The pain started slashing up in his eyes with his knees bending down.

Thud!

"Lucas!" Lauren suddenly moved in front of him as she hold his body on her. Elizabeth turned her head back and saw the sword glowing with golden light.

In an instant, it moved towards. As Jenny's, Alena's and Elizabeth's eyes widen, the sword pierced Lauren's head.

Elizabeth was fasted to react even though using her power makes her feel pain aching throughout her body. Only when she grabbed Lauren, she find the sword had already passed through Lauren without using her.

"Hush!"

If this sword had injured Lauren, she had no one but blame herself. She was completely scared for a moment. Only then did she notice the sword had entered Lucas' body. For a moment, nothing happened. And, that moment was only less than a microsecond.

Because only when Jenny, Lauren, and Alena react, the golden energy flow out of Lucas's body. Slowly, the golden light transformed into a strange golden sword with black stripes over it. His body slowly started floating in the air.

His eyes were closed and the hands were spread wide. The golden brilliance was falling upon him while five ladies looked at him with awe. At this moment, Olive was watching from the second floor.

At the same time,

Mike, Zemin, and Yufei were walking in the Sect Library. While Zemin was introducing different cultivation techniques and martial arts to Mike, Yufei was simply wandering around.

The library had five floors. They walked towards the fifth floor since Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique was on the fifth floor. On the fifth floor, there was only one bookrack.

Zemin and Mike walked in front of him. Mike looked at several cultivation techniques.

"Ruthless Dao Sword Technique" "Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique" "Origin Heart Sword Technique" "A Sword Domination Technique" "Billion Invincible Sword Technique" "Yin-Yang Harmony Sword Technique"

Mike didn't read every chapter rather read the introduction of every book. But, when he touched Origin Heart Sword Technique, it started vibrating. He turned his head at Zemin and asked "Babe, is this okay?"

"Huh!" Zemin also got confused but just when she took a step forward, the book instantly disappeared.

"Huh?" The sect master who was watching over them from his room also cried in surprise.

'What the hell happened?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slowly, Lucas opened his eyes. His black wings flapped, keeping him in the air. Suddenly, an old rough book appeared in front of out of nowhere. His eyes narrowed when he saw the title.

"Origin Heart Sword Technique"

Lucas raised his hand caught the book with his left hand. He didn't know why this book appeared in front of him. And, he doesn't care. All he knows is that he got something that could increase his strength.

Slowly, he landed on the ground and turned around his hand. The sword energy slowly rolled around his palm and formed a sword. It wasn't normal sword energy. Rather, it was a sword intent. But suddenly, he realized something.

He raised his head and looked at his sister and others, saying "Sorry!"

That sword was the path to meet Mike but he took it away from them. Although it improved his Sword Believe and condensed the Sword Intent. He was a little unhappy about himself.

"It's okay! It wasn't your fault. We didn't know it would just enter your body." Jenny shook her head with a trace of helplessness in her eyes. She knew this was their only chance to meet him quickly. But, it is gone.

Suddenly, she noticed a bit of killing intent from Alena. Though it was hidden completely from everyone, it couldn't escape her bloodline powers. And, she quickly noticed her fist clenched as well.

'Tch! I didn't want to lose you. Please don't make that stupid mistake.' Jenny could only pray in her heart. She couldn't interfere in others' decisions but losing Alena would be a bad choice for Mike. That's why she doesn't her to have sex with other guys.

But, she knew it would be hard to control as well. After all, Alena has taken hundreds of dicks and now it has become her habit. She and sunny are two different people. Although both of them have taken hundreds of dicks, Sunny feels a kind of strong pressure and responsibility that keeps her in control.

Unlike her, Alena doesn't feel anything. Her life wasn't changed by Mike. That's why she doesn't have the strong willpower to control that urge. And, that's what Jenny fears. She knew Mike doesn't like members of his pounded by someone else.

Mike hasn't openly stolen and pounded someone's girl. Even those girls in his harem list don't have a boyfriend or broke up with them already. Jenny is worried because Alena won't be able to hide it from her. And, if she makes mistake, Jenny must take immediate action.

That would be terrible for this newly formed family. When Jenny turned her head to Alena, Elizabeth also noticed it. She didn't want to interfere in Mike's relationship that's why she pretty much said nothing. As for Lauren, she was busy asking Lucas.

At this moment, Lucas has not only formed Sword Soul but also condensed Sword Intent. And, his Sword Intent was mysterious. When he released the sword, it turns golden but that's it. It didn't have any elemental capabilities but gold itself is an element.

So, he quickly left his room to check his newly gained powers.

At the same time,

Mike and Zemin were caught off guard by the disappearance of the Origin Sword Heart Technique. Although they successfully got out of the mess due to the sect master's words, they were still confused about that mysterious disappearance.

"Babe, we won't get into the trouble, right?" Mike asked as he looked at Zemin. He still doesn't believe that he could walk out of something like that without any trouble. After all, in world cultivation, people will put the fault on you even if you weren't the one who did it.

Not to mention, both of them were the prime suspect here.

"I don't think we will get into trouble. Sect master had already reassured us. The disappearance of the book has nothing to do with us. And, his words matter the most in the sect. So, even if someone wants to trouble us, they need solid proof." Zemin shook her head and answered.

But, Mike was still unconvinced. He spread his arms and asked "What if they ask us to show our spatial ring? It will be a troublesome matter. You know my spatial ring is unique, right?"

"Don't worry! Don't worry! Nothing will happen. Just start practicing Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique. Unlike other sects, you don't have to worry about going out of the library." Saying so, she released her qi and formed a powerful barrier around him.

"This barrier will keep the aftereffect of the attack inside it. So, don't worry about anything else and practice the Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique." Zemin spoke as she also sat down next to him and created another barrier around her.

Mike nods his head and started reading the book. It was quite long. He had already anticipated this so he asked Yufei to read the book from the first floor and copy them. Although she can't use qi, she can still use those fighting styles.

Two Days Later,

Finally, he finished reading the entire book while staying at a single place. As soon as he closed the book, he clenched his fist and thought 'I am going to be the greatest scientist in the world.'

'This is fucking infuriating. Why in the world did I come to this world? First, those two books and now this book. Man, no wonder those cultivation novels had half of the novel explaining the cultivation techniques and martial arts.'

'Man! I am seriously not going to practice a new technique. And, I am not going to learn lots of martial art. I directly learn the heavenly rank martial art for one time and it will last for five to six years. There is no way I am going to start from Yellow Rank and move to the Heaven Rank.'

At this moment, Mike was completely pissed about the fact that he had to spend two days in the same place reading a book. Something that he never completed even during his exams. And, that was important for his future.

Although, this is also important for the future. But, he didn't understand who in the world writes the same sentence in five different ways just to fill up the words. After reading those books and this book, he began to doubt whether the author of these books is the same person.

But, Zemin did say these books were created by the founders and it did mention everything unlike in those books.

Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique- It was an impressive technique that can create a sword that replaces the dantian. There is no need for extra materials to create the sword. He just needs to understand the Sword Spirit.

And, Sword Spirit is kinda hard to understand. Fortunately, the founder did explain the sword in more than five ways.

'A sword is kendo. A sword is a concept. Sword is cultivation. A sword is a belief. And, a sword is also a weapon.'

Except for a sword being a weapon, he didn't understand what the other four meant. And, once again he had to thank those founders for explaining kendo, concept, cultivation, and belief in five different ways.

Basically, founders said kendo is the origination of swords. Concept way to use the sword. Cultivation is the growth of the sword. Belief is the connection between a swordsman/swordswoman and a sword. And finally, the weapon is a tool to protect your loved ones and kill your enemies.

He respects the founder for bringing equality by mentioning both swordsman and swordswoman. But, he found those sentences were actually a path of the sword.

Origin, control, growth, connection, and utility. These were the challenges a swordsman must accomplish to become a true swordsman. To do so, he must understand what is Kendo?

Kendo is a single-edged sword. That means when the swords were first originated, they were single-edged blades. But, were they? Although Mike had hard time-solving mathematics, chemistry, he didn't have a problem learning history.

He knows the swordsmanship came first. Kendo was derived from swordsmanship and practiced in the modern age. That's why he felt complicated when Kendo was said as the origination of swordsmanship.

But, later he realized this kendo was quite different. This was the kendo of the cultivation world. It suggested the basic flow of a sword. From swing to thrust, from block to attack, and from hard to soft.

It combines four attributes together to form true swordsmanship. Power, Speed, Hard and Soft. A sword is known for its speed. But, without power, that speed won't do much damage. But, a sword needs to be unwavering.

When attacked, it must attack. When defended, it must defend. That means it must have the hard attribute. But, a sword also needs to be flexible to do attack and defend. It might be hard to be used for the attack whenever wanted and for the defenses as one wishes.

But, if it is not flexible enough, it won't make it on time. The hardness makes the sword strong while softness makes it flexible. Speed simply makes it fast. And power makes it destructive. Combing different attributes together, a sword can be destructive, or sharp or defensive, or even moderate.

That's why his first job is to understand these four attributes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On the earth,

"Is there any other way to meet him?" Alena asked as she clenched her fist.

Elizabeth sighed and shook her head "It's hard. I can travel there but I don't think my body can hold on for that long. You know whenever I use my power, the pain struck me every single time. The distance between him and us is almost a million universes away."

Millions of Universes away!

That's almost impossible to reach. Suddenly, Lauren asked with confusion "Then, how did Mike reach that far so quick?"

"That explosion of the stone made the wormhole between this universe to that universe. Not only does it take a miracle for that to happen, but you also need immense energy to keep that wormhole active."

"There are two problems that I am facing right now. Although I have learned Space Law, I can't use it to form the wormhole that connects such distance, especially in the void. If we want to form that, we might have to study the entire multiverse, pinpoint the correct spatial coordinates."

"And, that's not the end. Because I can't use my energy. You girls need a spaceship strong enough to bear the power of a Void Law. Spaceships are specifically made to bear the power of space law. But, the spaceships in our universe won't be strong enough to bear the power of Void Law."

"And, that spaceship also needs to have the speed to travel in the wormhole. These are requirements we can't fulfill."

"No, we can!" Suddenly, Alena interrupted her. Those eyes sparkled with an intense glow as she looked at Jenny "We have someone who can find the spatial coordinates. Did you forget him?"

Seeing her sparkly eyes, Jenny sighed and shook her head "I know you desperately want to meet him. But, you need to think more. He can read and remember everything. But, we can't read something he can't see, right?"

Alena shook her head and answered "You are right. But, I never say that we need him to see the spatial coordinates. Did you forget even before we got innate ability, we were able to create warp drive technology? At that time, all we had were ideas."

"We know multiverse exists. But, did we know that just because we awakened innate ability? No, many scientists have already left dozens of notes regarding the theories of the multiverse. If someone can combine all these theories and use his natural mind to come up with the best solution, we can test it on my spaceship."

"My family has the collections of those books. Jenny, we don't need to rely on cultivation or power. This time we can rely on science. We can explore the multiverse in science. We have resources. Let's give it a try."

Her words echoed in their heart. They all knew Alena was a big supporter of science. And, due to the current popularity of cultivation, science was slowly fading away. But, her family still believed in science.

It's kinda crazy for those beliefs in cultivation to accept such things especially Elizabeth. She doesn't believe Alena has such a spaceship. But, she didn't interfere. She just let Jenny take the decision.

Jenny touched her chin as she thought for a moment. After a few minutes, she raised her head and said "Alright, we can give it a try. BUT, if we do not succeed, you need to calm down, okay?"

Alena's heart suddenly jerked hard when she listened to her. She took a deep breath and nodded her head. It's not that she can hold on. It's just that she believes in Andrew's ability.

They walked to the roof and entered the airship. Surprisingly, only Jenny and Alena went together. Lauren stayed to complete those guilds work. While Olive wasn't ready to go anywhere. From the moment Mike had disappeared, she hasn't even smiled once.

Her mood has been gloomy even though she knows he is alive.

After half an hour, they reached Alena's home. Alena directly took Jenny to the underground basement. The basement was full of several rooms. She took Jenny to Project God's room. When they entered the room, they saw several people working on a spaceship.

"Originally, we had a separate for this spaceship. But, later I decided to keep these two at the same place." As she said, she took her in front of the girl inside the glass tube.

Jenny was surprised when she saw the girl's condition inside the glass tube. She turned her head at Alena and asked "Is she is the reason why this room is called Project God?"

"Yes! Her powers are just like gods. It's just she is very young." Alena nods her head as she keeps a deep look at the girl. She doesn't why but whenever she sees this girl, her entire body relaxes.

"Oh! When did you arrive?" Suddenly, a voice rang from behind as both of them turned their head at the back. Andrew was wearing a white jacket outside his usual dress while holding a coffee bottle in his hand with a straw in it. He looked at Jenny with surprise. He felt he has seen Jenny somewhere but he doesn't remember her clearly.

"This is Jenny. We have a new project that we need to work on." As Alena introduced Jenny, she turned around and clasped her hands. In an instant, everyone walked in front of her.

"Gentlemen, the current project with the Omega Spaceship has been paused. I want all the gentlemen to leave this room in an instant." Alena's words were a little rude but nobody mind it. They simply nods their head and walked out of the room.

"Huh! Why are we pausing this project? You know we are only a few stages far from replicating this spaceship. Don't tell me you haven't read the reports?" Andrew took a sip of coffee and asked.

"We have important matters in our hands. And, this is also a good time to give break to our workers. But, you might have to go over time." Alena folded her hands as she thought for a moment and replied. Originally, she planned to make them resume their previous projects.

But, now her mind has changed. She felt this would be a good time to give them a nice little break.

"Wait, why me? Can't you see these dark circles around my eyes?" Andrew shouted in rage as he leaned closer to her. But, suddenly he felts chills in his bottom. He suddenly remembered the time when she plucked out those old men's dick.

That was the most horrific scene in his heart.

"We are going to the multiverse," Alena spoke but her charming face revealed a cunning smile. Jenny instantly understood the meaning of that smile.

"So what? That doesn't change the fact that I am tir.... Wait, did you just say multiverse? You mean the space out of the universe known as the multiverse. You mean the same multiverse where billions of universes reside, completely dispatched to each other in the void. You mean that multiverse."

"Holy shit!" Suddenly, Andrew turned his head at the Omega Spaceship and asked "Don't tell me you interrupted the project because we will be traveling in this super awesome omega spaceship that can bear the pressure of the void itself."

Alena and Jenny paused for a moment because of his enthusiasm and nodded their head. Suddenly, Andrew puts his left hand on her right shoulder and raised his right hand for thumbs up, saying "Just tell me what I need to do."

"Just hold on!" Alena puts his hand away and takes out a smartphone, making a call.

A few seconds later,

A sweet voice rings in her smartphone "Hello sweetie! What made you remember me?"

"Mom, can you bring those space-related books from dad's library? I know he is not reading those right now." Alena spoke as she rolled her eyes.

"Ahh! Those! Why do you need them?" The sweet voice frowned as she understood why Alena called her. Normally, even Alena is not allowed to take those books from her father's library. And, Alena never takes anything away.

It's not because she fears her father rather she respects him. And, he doesn't anyone else to touch his book. Even her mother can't take those books away for a long time. This library is like a museum. One can find almost all kinds of books in this library and it is maintained by a program.

There are almost a hundred million books in that library. It is so big that nearly fifty thousand miles wide and long land was used to build the most secured library.

"I need them for something important. Please, mom! I need your help." Alena made a sweet voice as she begged her mom. Her voice was so cute that Jenny and Andrew rubbed their ears.

"Alright, sweetie! Where are you right now?" Her mom's voice was even sweeter than her. This confused Jenny and Andrew. Jenny knew her parents but she hasn't checked her mother's face even once. So, she doesn't remember how she looks.

"I'm in Project God's room."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 249
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Umm! What does your mom look like?" Andrew asked in a low voice as Alena kept away her phone.

"Haa! You'll see when she comes." Alena also understood his intention. She sighed as she spoke.

After five minutes, a girl walked inside the room. She was nearly five feet eight inches tall. Her body was slim, almost zero figure. She was wearing a black one-piece that spreads her from her boobs to the middle of her thigh.

Her white skin was displayed completely. And, even the upper part of her boobs was exposed. Her black hair was not tied so it fall almost to the middle of her back. She wore stylized high heels as she walked towards Alena.

'Did we have such a hot girl?' Andrew who was already busy with his computer turned his head at the girl and asked himself.

"Sweetie! It's been so long." Suddenly, that girl embraces Alena and speaks in that same soft voice. Jenny and Andrew also dropped their jaws to the ground.

"Mom, can't you wear something less revealing inside the house?" Although her mom wasn't a slut like her, she does love showing off. She loves pretending young. Her gorgeous look multiplied by that tight black dress and those high heels, she doesn't look like her mother at all.

But, in fact, she is in her forties. Of course, she is also a cultivator.

"Wait a minute! She is really your mother." Andrew spoke out loud as he looked at Alena's mother with confusion. How in the hell did such a young and beautiful lady become a mother? Was she a stepmother? Even with current skincare technology and cultivation, it is almost impossible to make the skin this young.

"Believe it or not! She is in her forties. And yes, she is my mother. So, if you are hitting an idea on her, just give up. She might act like this but she is very devoted to my father." When Alena introduced her to Alena, he forcefully nodded his head.

He knows there are only a few things that people can hide from Alena and Jenny.

"Hmm! Where is your boyfriend? I thought I could meet him." Alena's mother turned her head at Andrew and instantly recognized her. Then, she turned her head around but didn't see Mike. Like her mother, she knows Mike's identity.

In fact, not just she, every girl who has a relationship has told their parents about Mike. After all, being a part of polygamy is not an easy decision to make.

"He is not here. I will bring him to you next time. Now, can you give me those books?" Alena separates herself from her mother as she asked for more books. She doesn't want to think more about Mike. Because, every time she does, her pussy twitches.

"Alena, wait a minute!" Jenny suddenly stopped her as a thought rang on her brain.

"Huh!" Alena turned her head as she looked at Jenny with confusion.

"Everything happened so fast that I forgot! If we have the spaceship then all we need is the spatial coordination in the void, right? My dad should have those. Why don't I just ask him?" Jenny spoke as she raised her fingers and snapped.

"You exactly know why this idea didn't come to your mind. Mom had already told us all this was your dad's plan." Alena sighed as she looked at Jenny with sharp eyes and spoke.

"I know." Jenny's tone died down as she felt conflicted. She knew why her dad did this. But, for Alena, that didn't matter. She was losing herself. And, if she can't find Mike soon, she will lose herself completely. Mike is like a drug to her.

"I don't know what your girls are talking about. But, if it was your dad we are talking about, then the possibility of success to go against him is 0.000000001. Just keep that in mind and move forward. Bye!" Alena's mother dropped another bomb in Alena's mind as she left.

Jenny thought for a moment and turned solemn as she spoke: "Alena, why don't we talk with my dad and make things clear? You know if he doesn't want us to leave, then we will never be able to leave. But if he doesn't care. Then, he might directly help us."

Hearing her words, Alena stayed silent for a moment. After a few minutes of silence, she nods her head.

Jenny raised her hand and tapped the screen of her wristwatch. She scrolled a few times and contacted her dad. A blue projection appeared in front of her but it wasn't her dad. It took a few seconds until her call was picked up.

"Hello, daughter! What made you miss your dad?" David's figure appeared in projection as he spoke with a bright smile on his face.

"Is it a custom for rich families to directly go to the main point?" Andrew who felt this line was similar to the previous words spoken by Alena's mother, asked with confusion.

Alena and Jenny glared at him hearing his question.

"Woah! Woah! I remember this voice. Is that you, Andrew?" David spoke with ecstasy as he realized the background voice.

"Jenny, your dad still remembered me!" Andrew got shocked when David called his name. He didn't think the most mysterious person on the planet earth will remember him. And, not just mysterious but also the richest, smartest, and maybe the strongest.

This guy had all the qualities that one could ever hope to achieve.

"Alright! Alright, you two can talk to each other later. I have something important to ask, dad." Jenny made a solemn expression as she glanced at his projection.

"Oh! Let me guess! You probably want to me whether I can help you girls or not? Considering your roles in the upcoming event, I would say yes. You girls do not have any reason to stay here. But, you can't stay there for long." David guessed it so correctly that girls were completely surprised.

Seeing those girls looking at him with surprise, he sighed and answered "I could feel him because of the exact reason why Elizabeth was able to feel him. And, if you won't know what that reason is. It's pretty simple. Something good happened and his Celestial Bloodline got awakened once again."

"Although Elizabeth and I don't have that bloodline, both of us certainly know everything about it. To the point, we have the power of Celestial Bloodline flowing through our veins. Of course, you can't feel him if you are not powerful."

Jenny looked at him with surprise and asked "How but? I can bring mom to the picture. But, what about you? What is your relationship with him?"

"Ha! That's the next-level stuff you shouldn't ask me. Once he reveals the reason why he can't stand in front of Mike like a father, I will explain the rest. So, let's go back to the topic. You guys can go and visit him but you can't live there for long."

"First, you need to return before the universal spirit can sense you. Second, you can't cultivate there. Third, you have many things left to accomplish. Of course, you can visit him once a month. But, that's it! More than that and universal spirit will be able to sense you girls."

"That would be devastating especially for you. So, you should understand the reason, right?"

Jenny's mood drowned as the sadness flashed in her eyes. She nods her head while biting her lips. Alena didn't speak but she knew something big would happen if Jenny reveals herself in that world.

"Hush! Don't be sad! You have many responsibilities. You need to be stronger as well. And, if you can it would be the best idea to stay away from him until I drop the bomb. I have already reserved the tickets for you girls and some people that he knows."

"Develop the guild till I drop the bomb. After that, we'll the earth. If Mike would be here during this time, his life would be in constant danger." David sighed as he explained to Jenny.

"Wait! You are going to drop a bomb. Does that mean you are going to explode the earth?" Andrew suddenly freaked out from behind and shouted.

"That's a code line, you idiot! I am not going to drop a real bomb. I am.... Yeah, I am going to explode earth. So, are you happy? By the way, I will send the spaceship and coordination for the wormhole." David clicked his tongue and spoke with a cheeky attitude.

"We have the spaceship. Just send me coordinates!" Jenny calmly cuts the call as she speaks. But, Andrew grabs her shoulder and yells "Why are you so calm about? He said he is going to explode the planet. Can't we do something to stop him?"

"Don't worry about it! He won't let innocent people die. He already has the plan. We need to get things ready before we leave." As she said, she tilts her head at Alena. As Jenny walked away, Alena turned her head at Andrew and said "I have already given you the authority. Get the spaceship ready for the flight."

Saying so, she caught up to Jenny. Suddenly, Jenny spoke, "It seems we will still be relying on science."

"Yeah, cultivation can't create a high-tech spaceship and enter the wormhole. I am thankful you asked your dad. I am sorry for being short-tempered." Alena apologized as both of them got out of the building.

"Nah! I'm not surprised that you couldn't it. But, that guy rest. He was lying when he asked us to look at his dark circles." Jenny continued.

"Yeah, one of my people reported he has slept for seven days just to decode the main control system of Omega Spaceship. Although I can control it, it's not mine. And, I hate that." Alena felt a little ashamed of thoughts of giving him more work while utilizing his weakness.

"Give them some rest.. This new project of yours could help us earn trillions in days."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 250
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On earth, it has been over two weeks since Mike has disappeared. One week ago, a group of people set out in the Omega Spaceship in search of Mike.

In the Great Sun Kingdom,

A youth stood in front of a tree. He wore a white shirt with diamond embroidery and a white. He held a sword in his right hand. It was a fine one-meter-long silver double-edged sword. Looking at the tree, he raised his foot and smashed the tree.

Swrill! Psh! Swooosh! Pssh! Pssh! Pssh! Pssh!

The air blow as the leaves fell over him. He lifts his sword and moves his arm. As elegant as he could, his sword splits the leave in half without making him move. But, soon he moved faster as his leg pressed hard on the ground.

The more leaves fell from the tree, and each leaf got split by the sword. The sword had only speed and sharpness. But it was also flexible enough to be used to cut those falling leaves. After cutting those leaves, he stopped and took a long breath.

"It has been a week. I have finally comprehended the Sword Spirit. Now, I just need to start my cultivation. The first thing that I need is to create a sword. Since I don't have a single ounce of qi, I need to use my stamina in the form of sword spirit to form a real sword."

"Then, use the Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique to create the sword laws around that sword. So, what are the laws again? Devouring, Strengthening and Transforming. Three different rules written by three different founders."

"Founder Xia Long Fei wrote the Sword Law of Devouring. When the sword emerge from the distant past, it was used to kill the opponent. When a warrior kills an opponent, the sword got stained with the blood of his opponent."

"That warrior didn't know when but his sword started absorbing that blood in it giving birth to a cursed sword. Soon, every sword of the warrior changed into a cursed sword. That made those warriors unable to hold the sword and use it on a battle."

"But, one day a swordsman discovered a way to control the absorptions of blood. When a sword is used to break a sword, he used absorption to destroy the absorption. Sword Law of Devouring devours the blood energy absorbed by the sword into a swordsman body."

"This way Sword Law of Devouring was formed. But, later it was found that Sword Law of Devouring could devour almost anything and turn it into the essence of growth. This law forms the suction ability in a sword and uses the body as a medium to suck in the qi from surroundings."

"Sword Law of Strengthening has come from the distant past as well. In fact, it was during the first generation of cultivators when the Sword Law of Strengthening was discovered. This law allows a person to use the qi absorbed by the person to strengthen his body."

"Swordsman used to have the weak body. But, their matchless speed made them deadly. It was swordsman's darkest days when a sword wasn't able to pierce the defense of a body cultivator. That was also the moment when body cultivators rose to power."

"Those body cultivators had specifically made their body tough enough to block the sword of their opponents. During their darkest time, a certain swordsman discovered a method to use sword energy to strengthen himself."

"Previously, sword energy could only strengthen the sword. But now, the sword energy could strengthen the body through a certain method of a thousand sword rebirth. This method was so great that it actually stabs a cell thousand times in a split second."

"This allows the cell to adapt to the sword energy. This method was previously unnoticed by the swordsman because nobody would think of such a terrible method. But, this method proved its effectiveness when that swordsman smashed his sword against that body cultivation and won."

"Sword Law of Transformation was a unique one. It transforms everything into a sword. It could be body, blood, cell, anything they touch, or even void which is simply nothing. This is the final stage of the Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique."

"Then, why? Why did the founder only leave the introduction but not the entire manual in that book?" Mike asked himself with frustration when he think about it deeply. The current book that he holds only contains information about the Sword Law of Devouring.

And, that's all he needs to know for now at least. Since now it was time to practice, he decided to return back to his home. He looked at the sky and sighed. After that, he looked down straight to the sect and walked towards it.

'Huh?'

Suddenly, his footsteps stopped. He once again turned his head towards the sky.

"Holy shit! We have a spaceship in the world of cultivation?"

In the high above the sky, a spaceship was moving towards him.

"Hmm! I don't know why the world of cultivation has a spaceship but isn't it heading towards us?"

"Fuck! It's heading towards me. Hey, don't point that laser at me!"

"Holy shit! Go away! Don't come near me. I was already soaked in cum yesterday."

"Shu! Shu!" Mike didn't rush towards the sect when he found the spaceship was actually following him. He teleported himself towards the bottom with his space law. He tried to move towards the forest. But, the spaceship chased him even there.

"MIKE"

Suddenly, a loud voice stopped his footstep.

'I guess I am missing Jenny too much.' Mike shook his head continued. Even his message hasn't been delivered yet. How could he expect her to arrive?

"MIKE"

"This is not an imagination." Mike suddenly stopped and turned around. One time, it could be just imagination or coincidence, but two times. Nope, he doesn't know-how. He doesn't care how. He only knows that this voice belongs to Jenny.

Mike activates the jet speed of those shoes. Suddenly, two thrusters came out of the shoes from behind and shot out the wind.

Whoosh!

In an instant, he reached thousands of meters away. He was hiding inside the forest when he found that spaceship was coming after him. So, he was running towards the open place. But, he didn't climb up the mountain since there could be some confusion if those people see the spaceship.

"Jenny!"

As soon as he reached the open place, he saw Jenny standing in front of the spaceship. He instantly appeared in front of her and embraced them.

"I missed so much!" His voice turned sour as he held her tight.

"Sniff! I missed a lot." Suddenly, Mike felt his shoulder was getting wet. He didn't expect that Jenny would cry. He was controlling himself but seeing Jenny crying, it only became harder.

"Mike! Mike! Mike!"

Suddenly, three girls jumped at him from behind and sideways. But, struck him so much power that Mike felt his bones broken.

"Ouch! Ouch! Ouch!"

"You girls! I missed you all but can you not jump at me like that?" Mike showed painful expressions as he tried to lift them up.

"Ouch! Alena, you are not a dog. Stop biting me!" Mike showed when he felt teeth striking his ears. But, suddenly hot breath touched his neck as Alena spoke "Mike,"

"Take me!"

Hearing these words, Jenny, Lauren, and Olive knew Alena had already lost it.

"Ha! Well, considering the fact that I couldn't do it for days. I will do it right now. But, let's go inside the spaceship." Mike said as he smirked. He didn't blame Alena for falling for lust. After all, even he had fallen for lust.

But, he was just happy that they actually found their way here instead of getting fucked by another boy. Alena smirked loudly as she rides on his back. Other girls let go of him and walked towards the spaceship.

"By the way, how did you guys find me here? I thought only people in Void World can walk out of the universe." Mike asked as he entered the spaceship.

"We just had to wait until we find your location. Thankfully, your hand was healed by your bloodline breakthrough. Mom found your location as soon as your bloodline breakthrough. After that, we found that Alena had a spaceship that could travel through void."

"Even so, the distance between these two universes was too long. So, we had to ask my dad about the spatial coordination of the wormhole between these two universes. Even so, it still took more than a week to reach here." Jenny explained as she slowly turned the spaceship invisible.

It would be weird to let the people of this world see this spaceship.

"Come on! Enough with that chat." Suddenly, Alena held a remote in her hand and clicked the button on it. In an instant, those chairs and several other displays got replaced by a giant bed. Mike was surprised by her overflowing lust.

But, when he thought about her past, he didn't feel that much difference. People can't change in mere seconds or even days. It takes sometimes or even years.

So, why not just go wild to fulfill her lust?

Mike instantly grabbed her body both of his hands and lifts her. He puts her in front of him and kisses her mouth. At the same time, three ladies didn't linger around.. They also started removing their clothes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 251
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

In the bed, Mike sat down while Alena sits between his legs and started sucking his heavenly rod. The intense pleasure boiled down his spine. She was sucking thirteen inches long rod and also thick as four fingers combined.

Her tongue was rolling around his heavenly rod while she occasionally swallows it down to her throat. Lauren was kissing his lips and sucking his tongue while Jenny and Olive were kissing each other while sitting beside Mike. Everyone was naked at the moment.

"Ahh!" "Ahhh!"

Suddenly, Mike spreads his hand and slowly moves it closer to their cave. When the finger touched the outer layer, he found the caves were too wet. Mike smirked and slowly entered the cave with a single finger. The touch of his finger was alone made them moan.

"Hmm! Hmm! Hmm! Mike, your dick is so tasty." Slowly, Alena moved away from licking his heavenly rod to completely swallowing it. She moves her head up and down while speaking in a different tone.

Mike knew everyone was waiting to get his heavenly rod but Alena seemed to be way over the top. She was swallowing his rod as if there is no tomorrow. And, she was pushing its way deep in his throat. Her expression was turning red, not with embarrassment rather with lust.

"Mike, your finger! It's so deep!" Olive and Jenny shouted when Mike unconsciously reached the death of their caves. He was a little too focused on Alena.

Suddenly, he took out his finger from their caves and moved Lauren away. He curved his body and caught Alena's ass. He swings her cave to his face and gave winks to other girls.

Other girls sighed but the excitement didn't die. Instead, three girls started playing with each other's cave with their fingers while kissing each other. Mike grabbed her ass and slowly stretched out of her cave.

He released his tongue and slowly entered the outermost layer of her cave. He moved his tongue in a circle before entering deep.

"Hngg! Yeahhhh!"

While having his rod deep in her throat, Alena was still able to moan. Her breathing got hotter as her tongue started rolling around his heavenly rod.

"Ohhhh! Yessss!"

Her tongue was so soft that Mike's body trembled with pleasure. Alena kept moving her tongue while keeping his heavenly rod inside.

"Ahh! I love your tongue, Mike. I love it." Alena screamed when his tongue hits her inner wall. He moved his way to the G-Spot and started hitting it.

"Ahhh! Yeahhh! Ohh! I'm cumming, Mike!" While Mike kept hitting the G-spot, her moans only got louder by the second until she squirts in his face. After that, he wipes away her squirt and grabbed her waist.

Now, he had both hands so he didn't have any problem in any position. He lifts her up and slowly places her in his forty-five-degree heavenly rod. This caught Olive's eyes. She suddenly started drooling when she remembered that position. It was one of the best positions that they had discovered.

"Alena, your pussy is soo tight," Mike grunted when he pushes his heavenly rod inside her cave.

"Ughh! This is soooooo good." Alena screamed as she squeezed his heavenly rod by the walls of her cave. But, Mike didn't stop and kept pushing his heavenly rod inside. This only brought her intense pleasure.

"Hick! I'm going in." Mike shouted as he pulled her waist down. His dick rammed inside her cave with full thrust, knocking into her womb.

"Ahhhh!" A powerful scream rang on the bed.

But, Mike had no intention of stopping with just a single push. Her legs wrapped behind his legs while he placed raised her waist up. Her slim figure made it ten times easier to hold her and lift her. Without waiting for her to catch their breath, he lifts her up and slams it down.

"Ahhh! Ahhh! Yeahh!"

"Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! So fucking good."

"I love it, I love it, Mike."

Alena let out her tongue when she felt the monstrous rod pushing her womb. It was so great that her entire body was jiggling. Each push made the tip hammer her womb, while the intense pleasure spread throughout her body.

"Alena, move on your!" Mike says as he stopped using his hand.

"Huh!" Alena got a little angry when she pulled out of pleasure all of sudden. But, she didn't argue. She knew how to control her body so she just lift her body and slammed it down.

"Ahhh! This is also good." Alena scream while she found she couldn't control the force and ended up hitting it with a greater force. That made his dick go wild inside her body. But, instead of pain, she only felt pleasure

'It's time to train my greatest weapon. Up until now, I have been leaving this thing out from training. But, no more. If you want to be the God of Sex, your heavenly rod must survive extreme force, extreme pain, extreme temperature, and even extreme gravity.'

'Currently, my heavenly rod is only normal thirteen inches long rod. I don't need to thicken it or increase its length. But, I need make it strong as Iron.'

"Chaotic Path towards Harmony!"

In an instant, he released the main sexual cultivation technique.

Currently, he can't get benefits from dual cultivation. But, he can still use the Chaotic Path towards Harmony to absorb qi from surrounding to produce yang energy and yin energy. That's all he needs to improve the strength of his heavenly rod.

"Ahhh! Mike, Mike, your dick!"

"It's going too deep. I can't control it."

"You might get hurt."

Slowly, Alena is released whenever she falls down, her cave collides with his heavenly rod in an unimaginable force. Although she was feeling intense pleasure from it, she was worried that she might break his heavenly rod.

Pa!

"Don't worry! Just keep on ramping my dick inside your pussy." Mike raised his right hand and slapped her butt cheek. He smirked as the energy started drilling inside their bodies. He was concentrating on a new technique that can help him strengthen his heavenly rod.

It was nearly the same as Black Hole Devouring State but with a few more changes. This technique absorbs the energy same as the previous one but instead of regulating throughout the body, it gathers in his balls.

Once the energy gets gathered in his balls, it will slowly spread throughout his heavenly rod whenever it is ready for the battle. And, during the battle, the energy spread through his heavenly rod to and strengthen it.

This has two major impacts on his heavenly rod. First, it will get stronger like his skin. Second, his heavenly rod will be able to cultivate every time. Mike wants to cultivate his heavenly rod in such a way that it cannot only cultivate when he wants but also cultivate whenever he can't.

Of course, it doesn't only mean he can cultivate even when he is unconscious rather also cultivate even if he can't use Chaotic Path towards Harmony.

Originally, he knew he had to comprehend Yin and Yang to use the Chaotic Path towards Harmony on his own. But, now he doesn't think that way. He found another way to become a God of Sex. He needs to make his body a true dual cultivation tool.

Instead of relying on cultivation techniques, he wants to make his body activate dual cultivation without any technique. The only way to do so is by developing his heavenly rod and making it stronger.

"Yeah! I am loving this Mike! And, I'm cumming!"

Alena shouted when she slowed down. But suddenly, Mike grabbed her ass and said "You can't cum this fast."

He suddenly took his heavenly rod out and made her stand. He lifts her left leg to the top of his shoulder and gropes her breasts while pushing his heavenly rod inside her.

"Ohhh! Yeahh! Fuck! Fuck! This is sooo goooddd." Alena screamed when she got that huge heavenly rod pushed deep inside her in a different position. Although it wasn't exciting as before, it was still good enough.

He was going all way to deep inside. He didn't let her cum. At least, not now! He continued smashing inside her for ten more minutes before she came. This time, her legs no longer supported her as she fell on the ground.

It doesn't matter how strong she was. Once she had to hold it for a long time and release all of it at once, her body could no longer continue.

"I guess! It's my turn now." Lauren spoke as she grabbed Mike from behind. She slowly raised her head to the top and bites his ears and muttered "So, which position do you want to play?"

Mike smirked as he wandered his hand around her body. He turned around and pressed her breasts while playing with her cave. He sucks the tits and said, "How about starting with boob jobs?"

As he said, she smiled and got off the bed. Mike also moved to the edge and sat there. Although Lauren's boobs weren't big, they were still a lot bigger than most.

:::::::

A/N- I have the girls' pictures in the discord.. So, join the discord if you want to see it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"This is amazing. Hngggg!"

Mike moaned when his heavenly rod get rubbed between two soft bouncy boobs. She moves her boobs up and down while swallowing the tip of his heavenly rod. Lauren carefully continued without removing his heavenly rod from her mouth even for a second.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

"Lauren, I'm cumming." After a few minutes, Mike screamed as he pressed her head. A huge load came out of his heavenly rod and entered her mouth. Lauren didn't let out a single drop from her mouth.

Even though he came, his heavenly rod didn't shrink. It was still big as ever. Mike grabbed her and lift her. Then, he placed her in fours while catching her hands from behind.

"Alright! I am going in." Mike said as he placed the tip of his heavenly rod at the cave. He slowly moved it forward until she took half of his heavenly rod inside her. Mike knew that was her limit. He caught both of her hands and started moving his hips.

"Fuck! Fuck me harder, Mike!"

At first, Mike didn't speed up but Lauren didn't want to wait. As soon as she shouts, Mike smirked and increased his pace.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

His heavenly rod almost pressed seven inches of it inside her while keeping six inches outside. It wasn't fun to keep some of it out but he could still smash her womb. And, that's all Lauren needs. The intense speed with long-range.

"Ahhh! Yeahhhh! Mike, your dick is sooooo goooodddd."

"Yes!" "Yes!" "Yes!" "Fuck!"

"Ahhhhhh!!!!!"

Mike didn't increase his speed but it was enough to tremble her soul. Suddenly, Jenny and Olive moved towards him and started kissing him. Jenny kissed his lips while Olive licked his neck. The intense pleasure spread throughout his body.

'Damn! These girls are getting better. But, I can't be left behind. Let's try that new skill I thought of during those three days. I didn't get a chance to try it with Zemin since it was her first time. But, I bet these girls can handle it.'

"Lauren, are you ready?" Mike smirked as he thought about that art. He asked before starting since he was still unsure about her.

"Fuck yeah! Pound me harder Mike!" Lauren screamed as she pushed her hips back. His rod stretched her cave far wide, making its way to the inside.

"Ahhhhhh!" A seductive moan released out of Lauren's mouth.

"Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art"

"First Thrust- Riding the Heaven!"

Mike releases her arms and holds her waist with his left and right hand. The moment he caught his waist, he closes his eyes and concentrates on his Space Law. At this moment, Lauren's entire body structure got recorded in his brain.

Pa!

As soon as he released his space law on her, he thrusts his heavenly rod completely inside her cave. The cave that was supposed to hold nothing more than a seven-inch long rod swallowed the thirteenth inches long rod without tearing anything.

The tip of the rod collided against the womb with its full power. In an instant, a huge load of cum covered his body. At the same time, a huge load of cum enters her womb. It not only makes her feel extremely satisfied but also weak.

Thud!

As Mike felt pressure in his heavenly rod, he slowly takes it out and Lauren falls on the bed. She wasn't unconscious. Rather, her body was feeling the pleasure that she has never felt in her entire life. It was so good that her legs couldn't even move.

Just a single thrust and Lauren was down for the good. With a big smirk on his face, Mike turned his head at Olive and Jenny, asking "So, do you want normal sex with single thrust or hardcore sex?"

Gulp!

Hearing his words, Olive and Jenny looked at each other swallowed back their saliva. They knew that wasn't something they could bear. Mike manipulated her cave in a way that his heavenly rod could hit her in its full power without damaging her body.

They couldn't decide whether to have long sex with him which would end up as normal sex but the last thrust would give enough pleasure. Or, choose to have hardcore sex which would also give enough pleasure.

Former lasts a few minutes, while latter can last a few hours.

"I.. I want to have normal sex with a single thrust." Trembling, Olive raised her hand as she looked at Jenny. She already had hardcore sex with Mike before. So, she wasn't that hungry for it. And, she could still get the same pleasure in a short time.

Jenny smiled as she saw her intention. She folded her hand and said, "Then, I guess I will go with the second option."

Mike smiled as he leaned closer and kisses her. Their tongues intertwine as he gets ready to have his fun time with Olive. Unlike others, he directly lays her on the bed and goes above her. He slightly leans closer to her face and kisses her lips while slowly pushing his heavenly rod inside her cave.

Through and through, he uses his space law even during his normal sex. Although he was banging her in the rate, when his entire heavenly rod enters her body, it creates an effect known as pleasure.

The moan resounded through the room. Olive covers him with her arms just because of his massive thirteen inches heavenly rod.

"Hey, I'm speeding." Saying so, Mike slowly hastens the speed while using the space law. He was using the tip and almost four inches of top to press her womb. And, when his speed increased, Olive slowly started losing her mind.

"Ahhhh! Ahhhhh! Yeahhhh!"

"Oh fuck! Yesssss! Husband, it's amazing."

Olive's moans only got wilder with his speed. She didn't realize that she had already cum over twice in just three minutes. That might be the fastest speed to make a woman cum. Suddenly, Mike gathered all of his power at his butt.

"Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art"

"First Thrust- Riding the Heaven"

He braced his thighs and enforced the stronger space law over Olive. His speed might seem slow but when he hits her womb with his full force. It pushes her womb so hard that her entire soul and body trembles with excitement.

It hits her so hard that just like Lauren, she falls on the bed, barely hanging her waist on his heavenly rod. Mike slowly puts it out as her cum moves out. Although he came, his cum didn't get pushed out. The last pushed all of his cum into her womb.

Fortunately, he was good enough in Chaotic Path towards Harmony to disable the birth effect of his cum in those loads. It made him save money on condoms. After all, condoms are expensive since only a few industries produce them.

It is no longer just about controlling the birth rate. After all, even government doesn't suggest them to use condoms so that they can regrow the population faster. And, now with universal transportation, they can have any people as they want.

Condoms are normally used for safety against the cultivators and also sometimes for the better sex. That is why many children don't even know about condoms since it is barely mentioned.

After giving his load to Olive, Mike turns his head at Jenny. Now, only she needs a good pounding. And, just like others, she was thriving for this moment. They were alone. Mike moves closer to her and fiercely kisses her lips.

"Ummmm!"

Those two engaged in the kiss for ten minutes. They once again continued but this time, Mike moved further as he groped her boobs. Having two hands, he didn't stop using them. The left-hand presses her boobs while the right hand enters her cave.

At the same time, his tongue intertwined with her tongue. After a few minutes, he releases her cave was wet enough to enter. He slowly lifts her up and gets out of the bed. He takes her near the wall and makes her press against it.

Pa!

Mike slowly kisses her cave lips for a few minutes and thrusts his heavenly rod inside her. He doesn't use Space Law and starts pounding her from behind.

"Ahhh! Yesssss! I was waiting for thisssss."

Mike couldn't insert his entire rod inside but the pace of his hips made her feel extremely horny. He smashes his raw heavenly rod inside her for five minutes in that position and moves on to the next one.

He lays on the bed and asks her to get above him. She spreads her leg beside him and slowly moves down on his heavenly rod.

"Yeahhh! Ahhhh! This is soooo goooddd."

"Amazing! This is amazing."

Jenny starts moaning hard as she pounds herself in his heavenly rod. Her expression started changing as the saliva drips on his face. Seeing her expression, Mike smirked and said "Oh man! This is going to be awesome."

Saying so, he didn't wait a second before grabbing her womb and smashing his heavenly rod deep inside her.

"Ahhhhhh!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 253
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hmm! Is this the place? I don't see anything. But, I definitely felt it." A man in the white robe floated in the space as he looked around. He didn't see any abnormalities but he kept on looking around. He was fairly handsome and had black hair.

"Hmm! A mortal? No, a mortal wouldn't be physically that strong. Wait a minute, why does he have that aura? Is he related with the Child of Darkness?" The man mumbled as a young man in the woods grabbed his attention.

He slowly floated towards the young man. The young man was none other than Mike. After giving them a pounding, he sent them away with some plans. He decided not to attack the Elf guild unless they take the initiative.

And, he also selected Lucas in his position to visit the Divine Tomb. Although he could go back, he decided not to. First, he had a pretty good chance for cultivation in this world. Second, he doesn't have anything that he must do in that world.

Third, he knows Jenny's dad set him up in this world. Although he doesn't know the reason, he is sure that her dad doesn't want him to be there. And, he isn't ready to go against her dad especially after learning his deeds.

He is the combination of four different comic characters with a single goal. If Mike wants to go against him, he must have strength otherwise that man can easily manipulate him.

Splash!

As Mike walked near the forest, he suddenly disappeared. But before he could teleport, his left hand severed from the rest of his body.

"Damn! Who is it?" Mike clenched his right fist and gritted his teeth as he appeared a thousand meters away from his previous position. He looked around but didn't see anyone.

"Space Law? It seems I was correct. You do have the relationship with Child of Darkness." The man in white robe muttered from the sky as he saw Mike teleporting himself. In his eyes, only the people who have access to forbidden knowledge can cultivate space law while remaining as a mortal.

Mike's eyes shrunk as he saw the man floating in the sky. When he looked at that man, he saw a formidable aura nearly the same as the third elder. He gritted his teeth with the killing intent and shouted "What the hell are you talking about?"

Although his second-level bloodline can heal his severed arm, it would still take a while.

"Tell me! Where is the child of darkness? I can sense the dark energy from your body. Except for the demon cultivator and demon beasts, nobody possesses dark energy. And, your dark energy is way above most of the demon cultivators."

"Only someone related with the Child of Darkness can possess such aura." The man in white robe looked at Mike with a glare and asked. His aura was exploding wildly.

But, he left Mike in confusion. He doesn't understand why this guy was able to sense the dark energy but not the third elder from Invincible Sword Sect.

"That look on your eyes! Yes, you know about the child of darkness." Suddenly, his confusion was caught by the man in a white robe.

"What the hell are you talking about? I don't know a so-called child of darkness. And, even if I knew the child of darkness or I possess that dark energy, why didn't the third elder of the Invincible Sword Sect find out? Don't tell me that he was too low level to find the dark energy in my body?"

"I don't know what kind of crap you are talking about but I know you are using your authority of strength to bully weak. And, I will call the elders of Invincible Sword Sect for that." Mike suddenly stopped his Celestial Bloodline and focuses on his space law as he continued speaking with the man in the white robe.

Hearing his words, the man in white robe snorted "Humph! They might not be low level but they don't possess the Eyes of Truth. I am the elder of the Buddhist Pavilion of the Great Zhen Kingdom. I could feel all kinds of darkness and demonic powers within a few countries near me."

"A few hours ago, I sensed enormous negative energy coming from this place. I was able to locate it with my Eyes of Truth. And, with these eyes, I can see the dark energy following through your veins. It is chaotic and even powerful than the demon energy."

"Although it is blocked and hidden for some reason."

As soon Mike got the idea about what the man in the white robe was talking about, his heartbeat started rising. He knew he messed up a big time. He almost forgot that Jenny possesses a True Evil God bloodline. And, the closer she gets to the higher world, the more people can recognize her.

And, he was even startled when his dark energy was also categorized with demon energy. Doesn't that mean their entire universe is this world's energy?

'Damn! I can't fight and win. I must escape.' Mike's eyes looked around himself while thinking of a way to escape. He knew escaping directly is impossible. So, he must do something to distract that man.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, the man disappeared from the sky and appeared in front of him asking "Tell me, where is the child of darkness?"

"I don't know what you are talking about. But, I gotta go now." Mike shook his head with an ugly smile as he tried to escape.

Bang!

Suddenly, an intense qi from out of him and formed a giant palm that moved towards Mike. Seeing it, his pupils shrunk. He didn't expect that man would be so decisive.

"Space God Scripture- Spatial Barrier!"

Mike released the Space Law and ran the Celestial Bloodline alongside the Desolate Bloodline. His physical strength improved as the invisible barrier appeared around him.

Bang! Crack! Crack! Bang!

The next second, the palm collides against the space barrier, cracking it into pieces. But, when the palm entered the barrier, it collided against the massive stone.

Mike had already switched his place with the stone. But, he didn't rest there. He immediately snapped his finger as he appeared behind the man. The flame condensed a massive spear at his hand as he slammed it against the man.

Bang!

The man in a white robe released another palm with the qi released by him without even turning back. The palm advanced towards Mike and collided against the flame spear.

Boom!

The loud explosion swept in the sky as Mike released the jets on his black shoes. When he found that his arm was cut apart, he knew this man was stronger than King. And, not the Martial King rather the king realm from his universe.

The King Realm power was around Martial Grandmaster. And, he was as strong as Martial Grandmaster at least physically.

Poof!

Suddenly, Mike appeared in front of the man but he appeared from below. He clenched his fist and smashed towards his jaws. But, suddenly a massive force pressed against his body, smashing his face on the ground. But, the next instant, the dark spirit rose from his body and acted against the pressure.

Boom!

The Chaos Spirit exploded against the pressure, pushing that man several meters away. Mike hastily gets up on his foot but his nose and forehead was still bleeding. Although his left arm was almost recovered, it wasn't immensely fast.

"Space God Scripture- Scythe of Death!"

As soon as his left arm recovered, Mike formed a massive scythe from his space law. Although it was just the space law, the scythe itself gathered the massive demonic energy from the chaos spirit and condensed the black aura around it.

"See! I was right. You do belong to Child of Darkness. It seems I can only kill you and look in your memories." The killing intent burst of the man in a white robe as he looked at the dark scythe. Mike pressed his foot against the ground and sprinted at him.

"Lotus Palm!"

The man released the pink qi from his hand and condensed another palm as he pushed it at Mike. Seeing the pink palm, Mike raised his scythe and slashed it. But, as soon as the palm got slashed, it shattered into tiny petals and started hovering around him.

"Damn!" Boom!

Before Mike could realize the trap, the petals surrounded him and got attached to his body. Before Mike could use his space law, the petals exploded.

Thud! Thud!

The dust and smoke rose up as Mike's body fell to the ground. His white clothes were ruined but his skin was safe. Mike's eight hundred million dollar suit saved his life.

"It seems I went too easy." The man in a white robe rose up to the sky and pointed his index finger at Mike. Suddenly, the golden qi burst out of him and condensed a giant hundred-meter-long finger.

"Die!" With a killing intent bursting out his eyes, he pressed the finger towards Mike.

"Hell no!" Mike shouted as he got up on his feet. He spread his arm and released his space law as well as Chaos Spirit.

"Space God Scriptures + Chaos Scripture- Chaotic Space Megazord"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 254
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Whoosh!

A giant body like a truck appeared with the power of space. Surrounding it, two long arms and two long legs appeared at the same time. As they got tied to the truck-shaped giant body, a head with two horns appeared.

But, all of that was invisible due to the power of space. But when the chaos spirit covered the body of the giant robot, it turned dark black. At this moment, Mike stood at the head of the Megazord. It was something he grew up watching so it came to his mind when he realized that he could do more just teleporting with the space law.

"Strong Right!"

Upon seeing the giant finger crushing its way towards him, Mike clenched his Megazord's fist and punched towards the giant golden finger. Suddenly, the fist fly towards the giant finger but it was bound by a dark chain.

Bang!

The space hand collides against the giant finger. The chaotic spirit creates the dark-golden sparks from the collision. But, when Mike realized the fist could only leave a scar on the giant finger. He instantly withdraws the fist.

"Heavy Missiles"

In an instant, a pair of rocket launchers made by the space law appeared above him connected to his back. The flame sparked inside the rocket launcher and got suppressed by the space law. When the suppression reached where the space law could no longer suppress it, Mike shot two arrow-shaped flame rockets.

Boom! Boom!

One flame rocket struck straight at the tip of the finger which was cracked by the strong right. And, another flame rocket struck its middle part. As soon as they collides, a loud explosion engulfed the giant finger in it.

"What kind of absurd thing is that?" The man in a white robe felt humiliated when his strike was nullified this easily. He could easily see the shape of the Megazord and how the missiles were launched, but he didn't understand, what's the point of creating such a giant thing just to use the fire law?

"This is called Megazord. It is the ultimate dream of every man living in this universe to use it. If you pass away without using it, you are a shame to mankind." Mike raised his Megazord finger and shouted from the head.

"Shame to mankind?" The man in a white robe felt his heart clenched for a second. Suddenly, his eyes burst with golden flames as he raised his qi.

"I will fulfill the ultimate dream of a man." The man in a white robe released an intense golden qi to form a Megazord. He created a giant box with an upper-body, four long cylinders as hands, and a head with a curved surface.

'Did he really believe that?' Mike looked at everything with confusion on his face. He was just messing with the man in a white robe. He didn't expect the enemy would really trust his words. But, suddenly he realized something.

'Oh yeah! He said he was from a Buddhist Pavilion. And, normally Buddhists could never live a life of a true man. Eating meat, having sex with girls, and getting drunk. Everything was prohibited for them. No wonder he felt ashamed when I said this absurd lie.'

'Damn! Now, I feel guilty for playing with his emotions. But, this is going to be an awesome battle. Megazord versus megazord!'

In front of him, the man in a white robe stood inside the head of his golden Megazord. At this moment, two fifty meters tall robots stood in the middle of the forest. It was impossible that nobody noticed especially the people of the Invincible Sword Sect.

The third Elder alongside a few other elders was watching the battle from afar. Zemin was also watching the battle while biting her lips. She looked at the third elder and asked "Is he going to be okay?"

"Come on! Even if he is physically strong and has strong space law, you can't expect him to win against the Martial King, can you? Though I don't understand why the man from the Buddhist pavilion fight him?" The third elder rolled his eyes when he heard her question and replied.

"Then, can we save him?" Zemin asked with a worried expression. She didn't know why the Buddhist pavilion was targeting Mike but she didn't want him to die.

"Ahh! That's the question you shouldn't ask in this kind of situation. I truly don't know what to do. Sect Master has ordered us not to help him but if you keep making those eyes, we would helpless." The third elder smiled as he shook his head.

"Please!" Zemin's eyes changed even more. The cute puppy eyes started pouring tears as she looked at them.

"See! This is why we shouldn't have brought her." A middle-aged woman wearing a white robe grunted at the third elder.

"Second Elder, it was your fault for spoiling her." Another man was black hair and short height spoke. He was wearing the same clothes as the third elder but seems very young.

"Huh! I didn't spoil her. I was just encouraging her." The Second Elder looked at the elder with black hair and shouted. She folded her arms and puffed out her cheeks.

"First Elder is right. Giving out gifts when she is unsuccessful in her practice is not encouraged. That's just pure spoiling. Giving gifts after getting successful is an encouragement. This is the way to encourage the young generation to start practicing more even if it is for the rewards." The third elder shook his head as he looked at Zemin and said.

"Is it? Then, why did my disciple perform better than your disciple even though both are equally talented and at the same age?" The Second Elder gave the third elder a cold glare as she asked with a tall pose, standing in front of him.

"Hey! Why are you tagging my disciple in this? He is just a hardworking disciple without luck." The Third Elder spoke with rage.

"Alright, stop you two! We are not allowed to interfere. So, we can only watch." The first elder spoke as he turned his head at the battle. The golden Megazord smashed his fist against the dark Megazord.

The collision sent massive waves of destructive force, razing the ground and splitting the clouds.

"Alright! Since it has come to this. It's time to take out my new weapon." Mike instantly retreated dozens of steps after the collision and condensed the flame law at the fist of the Megazord. The flames were compressed by the space law and this time it was compressed until the yellow flame turned red.

"Sky Splitting Laser!"

Suddenly, he rotates his Megazord and released the intense red laser.

Whoosh!

With a single rotation, Mike bent to his knees inside the Megazord. His entire body was covered with sweat. That move alone took half of his stamina. But, the end result was terrifying.

"Third Elder, Second Elder, help me!" The First Elder shouted as he released his sword qi. The sword qi formed massive hands that held half of the mountain. When Mike shot that red laser, it not only cut the golden Megazord in half but also slashed the entire mountain in half.

Fortunately, he only slashed it horizontally, so they didn't get many problems. Using their sword qi, they keep the mountain in balance. But, the golden Megazord disappeared after getting split in half.

"Good! It seems you have hidden tricks on your sleeves. But, this time the game is over." Even though his Megazord was split in half, he didn't bear any damage. The man in a white robe rose to the sky and released another wave of the golden qi.

'Get up! Damn! My body is giving up.' The Chaos Spirit slowly disappeared from the Megazord and only the space law hold it tight. Mike tried to stand on his feet but an enormous lack of stamina alongside the enormous pressure pressed him to the ground.

The man in a white robe raised his hand and the golden qi started rotating above his hand. It formed a giant whirlpool sucking the massive amount of qi from the surrounding. Slowly, a palm descends from the whirlpool.

This palm was twice the massive as the Megazord. The man swings his palm towards the ground followed by the massive palm falling towards Mike.

"Supreme Tathagata Palm"

Bang! Thud!

Before Mike could make a single move, the palm smashed against the Megazord. A single clash broke the Megazord into dust and the palm smashed Mike to the ground. Even though his physical strength was strong, the palm broke his bones.

"Mu Chen!" Zemin shouted from the mountain and tried to get closer but the second elder caught her and didn't allow her to move.

Zemin struggled in the second elder's arm and shouted "Let me go! I need to help him."

But, no matter what she said, she couldn't break free from the clutches of the second elder.

In the battleground, the entire forest had turned to a massive crater in the shape of a palm. Mike was in the middle of the crater. His entire body was bleeding with his bones broken in pieces.

"Oh! You didn't die. I told you earlier, just tell me about the Child of Darkness. If you had done it, I would have given you a painless death. But now, I have to read your soul. And, believe me, it is a very painful experience." The man in a white robe spoke as he slowly walked towards Mike.

But, suddenly his instinct sensed the danger. Beneath him, a small red dot appeared as well as the black whirlpool beside Mike.

Boom!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 255
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Boom!

The red dot below the man in a white robe exploded. The entire explosion covered more than one mile as it burned the ground as well as the sky. The man in a white robe fell in the middle of the explosion covered himself with the golden qi.

But, the power explosion shreds the golden qi into pieces. Soon, he also got engulfed by the explosion.

After five minutes, the explosion died down and the man stood with the burned skin. He wasn't dead but incredibly injured.

"Damn! I was so careless. He escaped with the space law. But, why can't I sense him now? Did he teleport himself thousands of miles away?" The man in a white robe coughed out blood and spoke while wiping it away.

"He said he was from the Invincible Sword Sect. Should I go and ask them?" The man in a white robe looked at the mountain as he muttered. His golden qi started healing his body but it was very slow.

He shook his head and muttered "They won't believe me even if I tell them. The only way to get information from then would be using force. I need to return back to the pavilion and ask the elders to make move."

Suddenly, the killing intent burst out of him as he continued "We absolutely can't let him live. Child of Darkness is said to bring calamity to our world. Her strength was incredibly weak. But, we can't forget her potential. Even the people related to her can fight Martial King and escape."

Thinking so, he slowly rose to the sky and fly away. But, suddenly his eyes shrunk. He covered his entire body with golden qi but a sword pierced it alongside his chest.

Splash!

The man in a white robe slowly turned around and looked at the man standing behind him. He was a short middle-aged man with black hair and a white robe. He was none other than the first elder of the Invincible Sword Sect.

The man in a white robe raised his hand and muttered "You...."

Splash! Gah!

Suddenly, another sword pierced him from behind. A tall man with a white beard and hair wearing a white robe appeared. He had a friendly smile on his hand even though he just killed someone.

"Master, I don't understand." Suddenly, Zemin's voice rang on the man in white robe ears. He turned to the side and saw Zemin with the second elder.

"Forgive me, fellow cultivator! We can't let you go alive."

As the first elder spoke, another sword pierced his forehead. But, suddenly a white light rose up from his body and flew away. The second and third elder got startled and tried to chase it. But, the first elders stopped them and said "Don't worry! It was only signal for the death of this man."

"Now Zemin, you need to use your connection of the contract to contact him. Tell him, we won't be able to support him in the light. But, if he requires resources, he can still contact you. Tell him not to associate our sect with him."

"And, he can contact us after the month to participate in the tournament. We can use the fake name and hide his aura. So, until then ask him to improve his strength so that he doesn't need to rely on space law."

Zemin didn't understand but still nodded her head. She felt the elder knew something that she didn't know. At least, the sect master knew some secret. She had no chance to follow their words.

Somewhere far away from the Great Sun Kingdom,

Inside a forest, Mike was on the ground, full of blood and broken bones. His legs were burned as well. He was barely breathing. He couldn't move and slowly lost his consciousness.

After a few minutes, dozens of figures wearing green leaves around their waist appeared. Their skin was brown. They looked at each other and glanced at Mike's body. After a few minutes, they tied him to a stick and walked away while holding that stick.

A few hours later,

'Hmm! Didn't I use the void concept to create the wormhole and suck me away? Why is there still so much heat around him? And, why does it feel like I am spinning? It must be due to weakness. Damn! I didn't expect Sky Splitting Laser would cost me so much stamina.'

Mike muttered in his mind with his eyes closed. He felt he didn't even have the energy to open his eyes. But, the intense heat didn't fade away instead got more intense.

'Just what the hell is going on?' Mike forcefully opened his eyes and suddenly screamed "What the hell?"

"Why is there fire beneath me? And, why am I hanged in a stick?"

But soon, Mike looked around and saw a few men and women in brown skin, wearing clothes around their private part. But, that wasn't an end. Behind them, there were few trees.

And, each tree was bursting with lightning. He wanted to rub his eyes but his hands were tied.

'Damn! These people are cannibals. I need to get out of her. My injuries are healed but my stamina still hasn't returned. I guess I must use that.' Mike rolled his eyes to the surroundings, carefully examining the surroundings.

But, just when he was about to use his divine ability, a loud roar shook the entire crowd.

Grrrr!

Mike raised his eyes and saw a beast walking towards the crowd. This beast was a blue tiger with black stripes over it. The lightning was burst out of it as it slowly advanced towards the crowd.

"Hu-Hu! Ha-Ha!" Suddenly, one of the cannibals raised the spear in his hand as he walked towards the tiger.

"He-He-Hu-Hu!" Suddenly, a woman raised her hand and called him out. But, the man didn't listen to her. At this moment, the entire crowd was shaking with fear.

Roar! Splash!

As the man advanced forward, the tiger roared and rushed towards the man. It raised its claw and smashed the chest of the man. Its claw pierced deep the bone and the man died.

"Hu! Hu!" The blood-spattered on the ground, as the woman started crying. She tried to move towards the tiger but another woman pulled her away.

"He-He-Hu-Hu-Hu!" Another man raised his spear and shouted at his people. This man didn't have a single trace of fear in his eyes. Slowly, two more men walked out of the crowd and shouted at the crowd as well.

"Hoooooo!" Suddenly, a few women started crying as other people nods their heads. Some people caught their hand and ran away. The tiger also saw them running away and sprinted forward.

"He-Haw!" But, the man who had stepped forward from the crowd moved towards the tiger with the spear. He thrusts his spear with all of his strength but the lightning around the tiger suddenly fell on him.

Bang!

The man's eyes shrunk as he tried to dodge the lightning bolt. But, it was impossible. The lightning bolt struck him but he still held his spear hard. He didn't die so he sprinted towards the tiger.

Seeing the man bearing the lightning bolt, the tiger turned around and raised its claw at the man.

Bang! Splash!

That man thrusts his spear and the tiger smashed its claw at the spear. It broke the wooden spear and slashed the body of the man. When Mike saw it, his eyes slowly narrowed. When the man advanced towards the tiger, he didn't have a single ounce of energy or physical strength like a cultivator.

In fact, he was a normal man with nothing special. But, he was surprised to see that man sacrificing himself for the people. Those cannibals had already left far away until the tiger killed the next two. Mike thought for a moment and decided to stay silent.

He had no relationship with those cannibals and they were trying to eat him just a minute ago. But, the tiger didn't chase them instead it moved towards Mike. After all, Mike was completely healed.

"Haa! Why do you have to be so stupid?" Seeing the tiger coming towards him, Mike couldn't help but sigh. He didn't care about the tiger and he didn't want to kill him but if it attacks, Mike would've no choice.

Suddenly, an idea struck his mind as his mouth opened wide "Ahh! I could do that."

In front of him, the tiger pounced at him. But, suddenly dark spirit rose up from Mike. In an instant, the tiger froze in the air. But soon fell to the ground with its body shaking.

"Be my pet!" Mike spoke as he looked at the tiger with an intense glare.

Meow!

Suddenly, the tiger fell on its stomach and rolled on the ground as it heard Mike's words. Seeing this, Mike took back his chaos spirit and smiled.

Snap!

He disappeared and appeared next to the tiger, startling him. He snapped his finger once again and appeared in the sky.. He looked around and asked himself "This is the first time I used the Void Law. So, where am I?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 256
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Lightning? Since when did trees start catching a lightning? Aren't they supposed to catch fire?" Mike looked at the tall tree in front of him and started asking himself in doubt. Beside him, the tiger was eating those cannibals.

"Ouch! That hurts!"

Mike slowly raised his hand towards the tree and touched the bolt of lightning that was encircling the tree. That bolt of lightning struck his hand and created a sharp hole in his finger.

"Shit! These lightning bolts are crazy strong. But, how in the world a tree can catch lightning? This doesn't make sense. Claire, do you know anything about this weird tree?" Mike asked as he looked at the hole filling up with the power of the celestial bloodline.

"Host, how about you try using Pioneer Eyes?" Claire suggests him with a smirk on her face. Although Mike couldn't see it, he can feel the tone. She definitely knew something.

"Pioneer Eyes huh?" Mike was startled when Claire reminded him about the Pioneer Eyes. He almost forgot that he has those eyes. He was too consumed in practicing sword that he forgot everything else.

He closed his eyes for a moment then suddenly opened them.

"Pioneer Eyes"

The purple light flashed on his eyes. But, the next second, he could no longer see the trees or lightning. All he could see was the white ball.

This was the same white ball that he saw from Ava. He didn't expect to see it once again. He raised his hand and caught the white ball. Suddenly, his body trembled as the purple light from his eyes fades away.

A new piece of information entered his mind. And, it was none other than Law of Lightning. For a moment, Mike couldn't present his excitement. When he opened his eyes, he instantly burst into laughter.

"Hahaha! Hahaha! Hahaha!"

"Man, this is so cool. This place is full Lightning Law."

As soon as he laughed out loud, the tiger looked at him with confusion. Mike didn't bother looking at the tiger. He once again closed his eyes and activates the Pioneer Eyes.

After a few minutes, he suddenly fell to the ground with his eyes closed. Tiger got even more confused and encircled him. It didn't make a move but it was very confused about what just happened.

Suddenly, the golden light burst out of his body and a spear rose from his chest. When it completely came out of him, it transform into a sponge and landed next to the tiger.

Grr! Grr!

Seeing the sponge, the tiger got alert and growled at it. Seeing the tiger growling at himself, the golden slime crawled near the tiger and extended its body into a hand.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

A few seconds later, a golden slime stood next to a tiger with red and black eyes and bumped all over his head. And, it also had Mike on its back. The golden slime raised its extended hand and pointed the index finger towards a certain direction.

After that, it crawled towards the same direction while the tiger also moved in the same direction. After ten minutes, they reached in front of a bear. The bear was nearly two-meter tall with one meter in width. It was massive in size.

Although the tiger didn't fear it, Mike was still unconscious and riding it. Tiger couldn't move carelessly otherwise Mike will fall to the ground. The golden slime slowly floated on air and transformed its body.

Whoosh! Splash! Bang!

In the air, the golden slime transformed into a golden spear and thrusts towards the bear before it could make a move. It pierced the bear's heart and struck it to a tree. After that, it reverted back to the golden slime state and crawled near Mike.

It creates two hands and moves Mike from the back of the tiger's body to the ground. After that, it taps on Mike's forehead for few times.

"You are really a loyal one, aren't you?" Claire's phantom slowly floated out of his body and spoke. She folded her hands around her chest and looked at Mike's unconscious expression.

"This idiot! I thought he had grown some brains after everything happened but nothing seems to have changed. I don't understand that guy did something Mike's brain. And, from the general calculation, Mike was supposed to be more mature and smart."

"But, why didn't he change? Why doesn't he think of the consequences before doing anything?" Claire mumbled as she looked at Mike with a helpless expression.

"Because I don't need to." Suddenly, Mike spoke frightening Claire. She was so frightened that she hides behind the golden slime. When the golden slime saw Mike waking up, it made a big smile and rushed to his embrace.

"I guess I ignored you for too long. Thanks for everything!" Mike smiled at the golden slime and patted its curved head. The golden slime shook his head on Mike's palm. After seeing his reaction, Mike turned his head at Claire and continued "There is no reason for me to change."

"I was an idiot. Why? Because I used those silly jokes or was it because I used to do things my way? I entered the game without any healing potions even though I had some copper coins. I did that because I never thought of future."

"I live for today, not for tomorrow. I enjoy my time today, not tomorrow. Do you think I forgot about the side effect of Pioneer's Eyes? I need to change. But, I don't need to cover my weakness. I can be who I am."

"I have people that can take care of everything for me. I might be nothing without them. I might not be anything without my women. This is what I learned from him. Johnny Fenton never tried to cover his weakness and show his strong side. Because he knew he has people standing for him. He knew he has his love covering for his weakness."

"He didn't need to become slaughter or ruthless. But, he didn't stop Rose from doing so. Because she was covering for him. The ruthlessness that he could never show. Do you know why Xia Long Fei was the most amazing person despite being the most ruthless person in the world?"

"He plotted against his wives, his children, billions and trillions of people, but I still respect him. Because he did everything for his dream. That was what he chased for so long. And, I am doing the same. I am also chasing my dream."

"But, his dream and my dream are different. What I need is not a change rather a belief. A belief in my dream and belief in my family. This is the only way for me to surpass them and become the strongest person in the entire multiverse, become the God of Sex, and have the greatest adventure in the world."

Hearing his words, Claire opened her mouth wide but not a single word came out of it. She looked at his face for a long time and finally said "But, you should know that you will have more trouble chasing you soon, right?"

"Yeah, I know. That's why I comprehended the fourth stage of Void Law- Controlling the Void during those seven days." Mike nods his head as he clenched his fist while looking at it.

"But, I thought you were comprehending sword." Claire looked at him with confusion.

Hearing her words, Mike glared and said "Of course, I can do both things. I comprehended the fourth stage and practiced my sword. Otherwise, how do you think I cultivated so far?"

"By going around and fucking ladies," Claire answered as she rolled her eyes.

"Of course, I walked around fucking ladies but I did other things as well. I knew I simply couldn't rely on the system forever or on my unique talent. That's why I created Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art to strengthen my little dragon."

"That's why I created God of Sex Modes to give a boost in my strength while facing my opponents. That's why I created Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State to comprehend more knowledge from the girls. Do you really think I was doing nothing but relying on the system to come this far?" Mike glared at her and answered with a proud expression.

He was truly proud. Because, to come this far, he didn't just rely on the system. He created his own ways for improving strength while following the path of God of Sex.

"I guess I can't argue with that. But, what about now? Don't forget you still have to get one more heavenly maiden to level up the system. Currently, we can only scan the surroundings near us. Should I scan it? Though I guess it would be hard to find anyone talented in this Lightning World?" Claire asked as she looked around.

"Well, it would be good to scan. Though I feel the same way. Even with her talent, Zemin wasn't considered Heavenly Maiden. She did possess a hidden bloodline. If possible, she could become a heavenly maiden after awakening it." Mike frowned when he thought about the heavenly maiden.

This was bothering him whether to go back or not. After all, there is one heavenly maiden on the earth. And, if he can't find anyone here, he must return.

"By the way, did you realize her bloodline wasn't unawakened? It was sealed and probably by someone related to her." Claire asked

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Extra (Only a few can understand)

"Ahh! That made me remember something. Why did you write Yufei's name and age on her stats when you showed it to me previously?" Mike asked.

"Of course, I copy-pasted the date on the screen. I tried to change everything but forgot about the name age." Claire stuck out her tongue and explained with a cute expression telling Mike (I'm cute. So, you'll forgive me right?)

Unfortunately, Mike raised his middle finger and looked at the dead body of the bear.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 257
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"But, how can we help her awaken the Snow Bloodline? After all, it seems even the elders haven't done anything to it." Mike touched his chin while sitting next to the fire while chewing the meat and asked. Bear meat was grilled on the same fire.

Claire floated near him and said "I don't know. Maybe we should ask her if she knows anything about it."

"You do realize that we are stuck in a strange lightning world. I knew using the Void Concept wasn't a good idea. With it, I can only manipulate the wormhole present around me to move. I never get time to comprehend the Void Law properly otherwise I would be able to create the wormhole." Mike sighed as he looked around.

Everything around him was covered with lightning. And, this place had a huge amount of Lightning of Law. Mike had already comprehended Lightning Law which is why he was able to sit on a stone covered with lightning.

"But, why did you suddenly try to comprehend the Void Concept? I mean you never tried such a thing unless you are forced to." Claire floated in front of him. She puts her finger at her cheek and asked.

Mike gave her a white face and sighed "Of course, I was forced to comprehend the Void Concept. Don't you realize the space of this world is far more formidable than our universe's space? And, this place has the stronger people than our world."

"I mean this place should be the lowest world in this universe just like our planet but it already has the people stronger than the emperor. Previously when I tried to use the Space Law to escape, my hand was chopped off."

"It wasn't chopped off because that man knew the Space Law as well. It was chopped off because it took a long time to create the spatial coordinates. To create the spatial coordinates, I must see the universe inside my mind."

"But, this universe was much stronger. I couldn't see anything further than a thousand meters. I realized that way before to be specific when I fought against Zemin. That's why I knew I had to comprehend the Void. After all, you know just how arrogant and cruel the people of this world are."

"They could try to kill me for resources, fame, or even slight misunderstanding. There is no way I can survive without enough preparation. That pushed me to comprehend the Void Law. So, whenever I was sleeping or resting, I tried to comprehend the fourth stage."

Claire looked at him with a sigh and said "You aren't wrong. This world is indeed cruel. By the way, your clothes were destroyed during the battle. Wear something!"

"Oh yeah!" Mike glanced at his white pants that were remained but also torn in many places. Some pieces of his shirt were also remaining in his upper body. He sighed and took out a few clothes from his system space.

Ding!

Suddenly, a sound attracted his attention. He saw a helmet fall on the ground.

"Wait, isn't this the Ascending to Godhood helmet?" Mike carefully examined the helmet as he asked.

"So what? It's not like we can use it here." Claire sighed as she turned her attention to his clothes. There were lots of clothes. Some were left by Jenny a few days ago. While she was busy looking at clothes, Mike looked around the helmet "Claire, should I test it?"

"For what? It's not like this world has a virtual world. Don't forget it was specific to our universe. There is no way it would work here." Claire sighed as she picked up another pair of white shirts and white pants. Although this didn't have diamond embroidery, it was still good.

"Who knows? I might get teleported into the Ascending to Godhood space." Mike smirked as he puts on the helmet and turned it on.

"Hmm! Nothing happened. I guess you are right." Mike sighed when he realized he didn't enter the Ascending to Godhood. He looked at the surroundings and found nothing has changed. But, when he raised his hand to hold the helmet, he didn't find one.

"Claire, where is the helmet?" Mike asked when he couldn't find the helmet.

"What do you mean? It must be in your head." Claire didn't even look at him while answering.

"No, it is not here." Mike checked his head and even tightly held his hair. But, he couldn't feel the helmet at all. He saw Claire wasn't even looking at him.

"Hey, I think the helmet entered the Ascending to Godhood but couldn't bring me along." Mike suddenly appeared in front of Claire and spoke.

"Are you out of your mind? The helmet doesn't enter the game. It stays on your clone's head." Claire's eyebrows twitched upon hearing his words. She placed the cloth on the ground and shouted.

Mike nods his head but then makes a horrified expression while speaking "But, then what about the helmet? You saw the helmet, right? It disappeared just after I put it on my head. Maybe a lightning ghost took it away."

Hearing his words, Claire's eyebrows twitched, even more, forcing her to shout "Do you even realize what you are talking about? Maybe it got disintegrated by the lightning bolts."

"You are down on your stamina and your eyes were also close. Not to mention, you were covering your body with lightning law. You wouldn't feel the lightning bolt that struck you."

"Hmm! Maybe you are right." Mike sighed as his excitement died down. But, suddenly something strange appeared in front of him.

[Scan complete]

[Host lacks the dantian]

[Searching alternatives]

[Detected a cultivation technique to form a dantian]

[Would you like to form the Sword Dantain?]

[Yes] [No]

"What the hell?" Mike smashed both sides of his head and shouted.

"Huh! What happened now?" Claire looked at him and asked with confusion.

"Few screen panels appeared in front of him. They are different from your screen panel. Though, they seem little different from Ascending to Godhood as well." Mike instantly leaned to Claire and shouted at her face.

"Are you sure you didn't hit your head? How could you have another system without me realizing it?" Claire looked at him with a white face and asked.

"I am not lying. It is asking me whether to form the Sword Dantian or not? If you don't believe me, then see it." Saying so, Mike pressed yes and suddenly his body glowed with the red light.

"Hmm?" Claire looked at him with surprise. She knew even if he wants to form the Sword Dantian, he must enter a calm state. It almost felt like how her system give him the comprehension of divine abilities.

Suddenly, the sword spirit erupts out of his body and coats his body with white light. But, suddenly the chaos spirit erupts out as well.

[Chaos Spirit is interfering with Sword Dantian formation]

[Stabilizing the process! Taking necessary precaution]

[Releasing Fighting Spirit, Blood Spirit, and Slaughter Spirit]

[Process Stabilized! Improving Sword Dantian]

[Would you like to attach the core functioning of the system to Sword Dantian?]

[Yes] [No]

"Damn! What is the core functioning of the system? And, what kind of system is this? Is it same as the system of Ascending to Godhood?" Mike grits his teeth as he got stuck. He couldn't make a decision. If he chooses yes then his path might get dominated by the system.

But, if he chooses no, then he might lose a huge opportunity.

[Yes, this system belongs to Ascending to Godhood. Don't trust your eyes, trust your instinct]

When the system displayed these words, his eyes narrowed.

'What you see might not be real but trust me. People you meet are going to be real. Don't trust your eyes, trust your instinct.'

'Did he know all this? Is this world a virtual world? Then, did I escape from the real world? No, Jenny and others met me. And, they came from the real world. This couldn't be the virtual world. Damn! What the hell going on?'

'Claire said that Ascending to Godhood is specific to our universe. Is she telling the truth? Or, does she even know the truth? Even the system said to trust my instinct. So, this is not a real-world? No, wait! What if there is a secret behind all this?'

'I don't know what secret it might be but to include the universe which is at the top of the lower world is not something I can learn with my strength. Father-in-law, I can only put my trust in you. You said the people I meet will be real. And, that's all I need.'

'Whether it is a virtual world or real-world, my ultimate goal is to become the God of Sex. And, for that, all I need is real girls. Since this is the Ascending to Godhood system, I guess I can put my trust in it.'

Thinking so, Mike pressed the yes. And, the next moment, intense energy entered his naval point.. The sword spirit compressed inside his body and the Sword Dantian started emerging.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 258
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

[Sword Dantian Formation Complete]

[System Rebooting]

[System Reboot Complete]

[Cultivator- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- None

EXP- 0/100 (For level-up)

Wealth- Nil

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.]

'Woah! So, this is going to be my status screen. Contribution Points have disappeared. And, I don't have a single EXP or wealth. So, I guess I am starting all this from basic.'

'If I think carefully, I can earn EXP by killing. Although I won't go around randomly killing people, this can help me improve my cultivation when I do kill some people.' Mike puts his hand on his chin and thinks for a while.

'I have so many things that I need complete. First, I have to cultivate. Second, I have worked on my God of Speed Mode. It doesn't consume my lifespan and I have both space and lightning law to access it.'

'Third, I need to improve my sword skills as well. I can ask for help from Invincible Sword Sect once I get out of this place. They said that they don't fear anyone but why didn't they help me when I was fighting a Martial King.'

'Something is wrong here. Were they really bragging? But, they still have the support of those guys. There is no way they would fear anyone. Then why? Did they also learn that I have the dark energy?'

'But then again, why is the dark energy bad for these cultivators? I mean our half of the universe was made out of dark energy. But, dark energy is indeed chaotic. I think they correlate dark energy with demonic energy because of its chaotic nature.'

'Damn! So much to think about and I don't have enough brain to comprehend everything. Let's just go with the flow! I have to admit the fact that I am not a smartass plus badass person.'

Mike sighed as he withdraw from his thoughts. He knew he was giving too much thought to things that he didn't even need to think. He slightly turned his gaze to his hand clenched it.

'I guess I will just go with the flow while preparing a good boat.'

'Let's see whether I can absorb spiritual energy or not.' Mike sat down on the ground and closed his eyes. He remembered the method to absorb the spiritual energy from the surroundings.

'Sword Law of Devouring'

The first rune was made around the sword inside his dantian. It seems Dantian was just like his core. A vast space contained with a small hole. It was like the pocket dimension. Inside the dantian, there was a sword hovering in the middle.

When focused a little bit more on the sword, he realized that his sword created this space. So, his dantian was also not a natural rather made by this sword. He focused a bit more on his sword and realized that his sword was able to create the pocket dimension just the core.

And, this space was the part of that pocket dimension. After that, he took out his focus from the sword and puts it on the Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique.

As soon as he chants the words written on the first and second page of this book, he forms a strange aura around him. This aura rose and spread around him. Soon, a huge wave of spiritual qi burst towards him.

The spiritual qi didn't enter his body directly. Rather, it stayed around him. At this moment, a mark that encircled the sword inside his body glow. It creates an enormous suction force that absorbs the spiritual qi inside his body.

The spiritual qi that entered his body first moved to his cells. There are more than trillions of cells in a human body, each connected to a certain blood vein. The spiritual qi that enters his cells passes into the blood veins.

Through several blood veins, it reaches his heart. Though it wasn't its destination. When spiritual qi enters his heart, it merges with the blood just like the oxygen and follows throughout his body. Slowly, he gathers more and more spiritual qi inside his body.

All of them encircling throughout his body. The number of spiritual qi increases to the point where it started leaking out of the blood veins. But unlike previous spiritual qi, this one possesses less vitality. All the vitality that has been stored in the spiritual qi has been absorbed inside the blood.

And, this remaining spiritual qi became so light that it could easily get devoured by the force produced by dantian.

The spiritual root or his sword has the devouring power. But, most of the time cultivators do not use the devouring power to its full potential. It infuses the devouring power to his body and sucks the spiritual qi inside him.

But, the dantian is still isolated from other organs. The only way to access the dantian is through thoughts or the spiritual qi that is has lost nine-tenth of its weight. The single balloon filled with spiritual qi has a weight less than 0.5 milligrams.

And, after its vitality gets absorbed by the blood, its weight decreases by nine times. Only now, the spiritual qi can escape through the blood veins and move towards the dantian. Although this spiritual qi has lost most of its vitality in the blood, it still has some remains.

This remaining vitality can be transformed into a thread around his sword. But, that's not enough to increase his lifespan by fifty years or even five years. He needs to form nine threads around the sword/ spiritual roots so that these threads can increase the suction power of the spiritual roots/sword.

The vitality that has been stored inside the blood can't increase one's lifespan. And, even if it is sucked by the spiritual roots, then it would be wasted since most of the time spiritual qi inside the dantian is used for battles.

This is the most prominent way to save vitality inside the body. And, once those threads are completed, the cultivator can use the devouring force to its full potential to suck the vitality. This is why devouring force is not fully utilized during the absorption period.

After absorbing spiritual qi for more than five hours, Mike finally succeeds in forming a thread. And, his dantian was also filled with spiritual qi. Now, he can compress that spiritual qi into a thread whenever he wants. And, he can use the thread as a backup whenever his spiritual qi dried up during the battle.

After cultivating for five hours, Mike finally understood how a cultivator could increase his strength using the secret arts or even using the martial arts. Cultivation is all about control. The most important part of this control is controlling the devouring force of the spiritual roots.

While using martial arts, people normally use the spiritual qi inside their dantian. But when they get angry, their power increases but there is a reason behind it. Whenever Mike used to read those novels, he missed out on why characters could burst out insane power after getting angry.

Whenever a cultivator gets angry, he can't control the devouring force of spiritual root. Thus, the spiritual root ends up sucking the vitality stored in the blood. Vitality is the real source of power. It increases the power of spiritual qi.

That's why secret arts normally consume lifespan to burst more strength. This same thing happens during anger. And, that's why cultivate decreases. Because the vitality is the main expect of cultivation and if you lose it, you must refill it.

Currently, Mike had formed a single thread that means he has finally stepped on the road of cultivation. He has reached the first stage of the Martial Advent Realm. But, Mike stopped cultivating and stands up. Suddenly, a status panel appears in front of him.

[Cultivator- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- None

EXP- 200/200 (For level-up)

Wealth- Nil

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.]

[Your EXP has been full. Would you like to level up?]

Seeing this panel, Mike sighed and shook his head. He found the spiritual qi is the EXP. But, that spiritual qi wasn't saved for breakthrough rather for battle and training. But, before he could do anything, a voice rang in his ears.

"Dear, can you hear me? If you can hear, please respond!"

"Babe, is that you? I can hear you. But, why can I hear you inside my head? What's happening?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 259
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Thank god! I thought I couldn't you. Anyway, where are you? It took me half of my spiritual qi to communicate through the contract." Zemin spoke with a sigh of relief.

Mike got frozen for a second, and suddenly screamed "You mean we are communicating through contract. We can do that?"

"Of course, we can! Dao Companion can easily contact each other. Enough with that! I have serious news for you. The entire seven sects and other powerhouses of different kingdoms are searching for you."

"I don't understand on what basis they are blaming you to relate with Child of Darkness. And, not just them even the demons are searching for you. We won't take any action against you but only if you don't collide with demons. And, Dear, please don't do something so foolish!"

"This is only momentarily hype. Everything will calm down once they can't find you. After twenty days, there will be a competition. You need to be in the competition. We will do everything to cover your body. So, just focus on improving your swordsmanship."

"It would be a good idea to condense Sword Intent within these twenty days. If it is possible, let's meet so that I can help you get stronger." Zemin spoke with an anxious tone. She wanted to meet him but she was also worried that he will get apprehended by other people.

"I can try. But, I don't even know where I am. This place seems to be filled with lightning. I met a few people but I couldn't understand their words and they seem to be normal people." Mike nods his head and spoke. He understood the fact that people were chasing him but he was startled that everyone knew about his relationship with the child of darkness.

And, he was even more surprised by the fact that they didn't know about his dark energy. Before Zemin could reply, he suddenly asked "By the way, did that guy tell you anything else?"

"You mean the Martial King that attacked you?" Zemin asked.

"Yeah!" Mike nodded his head.

"He is dead. Elders killed him since you told your relationship with the sect to him. I don't know whether you are really related to Child of Darkness or not. But, remember, child of darkness is said to bring the greatest chaos in the world."

"My master used to tell me a story about a certain evil guy. He was known as the first and the most powerful Evil God. Millions of years ago, good and evil fought and during that battle, the sage of humanity sealed the evil god."

"During that war, it is said that the evil god had left many inheritances which gave birth to the terrifying geniuses that are inclined towards evil. During that war, one of the children of darkness invaded our world. Saints were forced to battle him and Martial Gods were used as cannon fodders."

"That was the most destructive war in the history of our world. It was so big that half of the universe was destroyed. Though we don't know how this universe restored back to normal, it was indeed the most frightening war for the cultivators."

"Although the evil god is sealed, children of darkness still lives and they will continue to wreak havoc in this world. If they find you, they will definitely search your soul. Our sect doesn't care about anything due to the rules established by the founders."

"You said you were in the place filled with lightning, right? If I am not wrong then you must have entered the Lightning Spirit World. That world is a coffin for others and blessing for lightning cultivators."

"I don't know your exact position but if you head straight to the east, you will find a big tower. Of course, if you are already at the far east, you need to head west. So, just search for the big tower. The tower is tall enough to be seen from the distant place."

"Inside the tower, you will find a trial. If you pass the trial, you can exit the Lighting Spirit World. You will be teleported to the northern sea of the Zhen Xu Continent. Once you return, contact me and I will come to receive you." Zemin spoke.

During her speech, Mike didn't open his mouth even once. And try to take all information to his brain. He was quite stunned by these pieces of information.

He didn't expect that True Evil God would have left his inheritances. And, it seems to be a big misunderstanding. Jenny wasn't the inheritor of True Evil God rather possess his bloodline. It was quite a difference since nobody could ever hope to get that bloodline.

"Alright! I will try to find the tower and meet you outside. As for the swordsmanship, I will try to improve it. By the way, does anyone know my strength?" Mike asked after thinking for a while.

"No, they don't. They only know that you killed that man. They couldn't find his body. Though they have some suspicion of us since we were close to the incident. But, we made some excuses. Before you return to the sect, you must be very careful."

"In the sect, we have some measures to hide your aura. But, until you return back, those elders from Buddhist Pavilion can still find you with their Eyes of Truth. That is an ancient divine ability bestowed by the Great Monkey King."

"So, as soon as you come out, inform me! And, try not to appear in front of the crowd." Zemin spoke with a grave tone. She knew her elders had already trusted Mike. But, they only did so because of the founder's reaction during his arrival.

For the entire Invincible Sword Sect, their founder's rules are unbreakable.

"Okay, don't worry! By the way, I had a question to ask. When we had sex, I sensed a powerful source of bloodline inside you but it was sealed for some reason. Do you know anything about it?" Mike knew he couldn't reveal the information about the system but he still had to ask.

"You found out. I truly didn't expect it." Zemin spoke in disbelieve. She didn't expect Mike, who is a mortal in her eyes could see it.

"Well, I could see everything about you when you were drunk in pleasure," Mike smirked with a proud expression as he bragged.

"Humph! Don't talk about that!" When he mentioned her being completely drunk in pleasure, Zemin fiercely blushed and shouted in his mind. Just from her voice, Mike could imagine her face that was burning red.

"Okay, about your bloodline! Is there any way I can help?" Mike asked as he turned a little serious.

"Nah! The bloodline was sealed by my family. There is no way I can remove it until I reach the higher realm than them. I can't ask others to remove the seal since it could damage my bloodline as well." Zemin shook her head and answered.

"Huh! That was a weird answer. Why would your family seal your bloodline? Doesn't they want you to get stronger?" Mike frowned and asked. He didn't expect her family to seal her bloodline. He thought it would be her family's enemy.

"You know this world is ruled by strength, right? But, there is another thing that rules this world. It is men. They don't want me to surpass my brother. If I do, then I would be the leader of the family which would be devastating to my brother's prestige."

"Well, it wasn't the entire family. It was my brother colliding with the uncles to seal my bloodline. Since my brother's talent is equal to mine without my bloodline, they couldn't punish him or do anything to him." Zemin sighed and spoke.

Mike couldn't her face but he could feel her sadness. He couldn't help but sigh "I can't decide anything for you. But, if you want to crush them just don't hesitate to ask me."

"Hahaha! That is still a dream for now. Our family still has an emperor and few kings. And, last time I checked you were escaping from the king, half dead. Alright, I'm stopping this communication. My spiritual qi has almost dried up." Zemin giggled and finally turned silent.

After hearing her words, he sat down on the ground and took out a few more pieces of meat that he had cooked. Suddenly, the golden slime crawled around his body and the tiger also sat near him.

"It seems we must hurry. By the way, transform into a sword!" Mike chewed the meat as he spoke to the golden slime. He got a new idea for the Golden Slime that he wanted to test. He wasn't sure whether this will work or not but he had to give it a try.

The Golden Slime understood his words and transformed into a golden sword.

"Alright, let's try this!" Holding the golden sword in his hand, Mike released his Sword Spirit. At this moment, his Sword Spirit was no longer white. It was also purple like other spirits except for the chaos spirit.

"Now, suck my sword spirit!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 260
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hooo! It seems the golden slime doesn't have the ability to absorb energy. It seems I can only rely on treasures to improve it. But for now, let's haste the things a bit." Mike muttered as he put down his sword.

He knew this wasn't going to work so, he had no reason to continue. He finished up his meat and sat crossed leg. He slowly breathe in and started transforming the spiritual qi inside his dantian into a thread.

Originally, he didn't think he would need to hide his physical strength and space law. But, now he knew those will be crucial to saving his life. The only way to fight would be using spiritual qi.

But currently, he was only at the first stage. So, he started cultivating. Slowly, the sun sets at the west and the night began. But, even so, the entire sky was brightened with lightning bolts. Mike was continuously absorbing spiritual qi and improving his cultivation.

After a complete night, he finally reached the third stage in the morning.

The Golden Slime had transformed into a wrist band while the tiger was sleeping beside him. Mike didn't use the Pioneer Eyes to absorb the Lightning Law anymore. His lightning law was nearly as strong as space law.

Now, he just needs to strengthen the techniques and battle moves using the lightning law. After waking up from cultivation, he changed his clothes and pat the head of the tiger.

The tiger raised his head and looked at Mike. He opened his mouth and slowly stood up.

"You have rested a lot. Take me to a tall tower!" Mike spoke but the tiger looked at him with confusion.

Mike sighed and tapped his wristband. The golden slime raised his head and Mike spoke "Tell him to take me to a tall tower!"

The golden slime thought for a moment and shook his head.

"He is dumb!"

Hearing those words in his mind, Mike slapped his forehead. He didn't expect the tiger would be dumb in the eyes of a slime. But, this golden slime was way more intelligent than normal beings. Mike can communicate with the golden slime with thought communication.

It was very handy. Suddenly, an idea struck his mind as Mike said "Tell, wrap yourself around his neck and tell him to move around! You can extend your body and look at the surroundings. Try to search the tall tower. I will sit in his back and meditate for a while."

As he said, Mike got on his back. With the Lightning Law, he was protected from the lightning released by his body. Mike wrapped his legs around the tiger's stomach while the golden slime wrapped its head around its neck.

The golden slime tapped its forehead and pointed the finger towards the rising sun. On the top of the tiger, Mike closed his eyes and slowly focuses on the law of lightning.

But instead of releasing the lightning around him, he focuses on different styles of lightning release. He wanted to make changes in his Lightning King Scripture.

That scripture holds the record of every lightning move he has used but over time, he released there are several ways he can manipulate the same lightning to create different effects. He just needs to catch those attributes of lightning once again.

Paralysis, Speed, Destruction, and Life. These are the four most important attributes of lightning. He just needs to practice it over and over again.

With twenty percent synchronization, he could paralyze even the stronger opponents. With forty percent synchronization, he could outrun even the stronger opponents. But, now is a little different.

He wasn't synchronizing with his innate ability, he was learning the Lightning Law. Comprehension and Practice are completely different concepts. He could comprehend anything but that doesn't mean his body can use it with ease.

Like Void Concept, he can use it but once it is used, his stamina will drop by half. He couldn't practice on top of the tiger but he could still find ways to use lightning. While he was immersed in the cultivation, the tiger reached in front of a group of people.

These were the same cannibals who tried to cook Mike. When the tiger stopped, Mike slowly opened his eyes. It was impossible to fall into deep concentration while riding something like a tiger. Though he was able to make this ride productive.

When he opened his eyes, Mike was startled. He saw a group of people standing with spears in their hands. He understood that they had the intention to fight. But, Mike felt pity for these people. After all, they were so fragile that even this tiger could easily kill them.

But, he couldn't help but praise their courage to come and face this tiger. Mike slowly jumped out of the tiger's back and raised his hand "Hello everyone! My name is Mike. How about we solve everything without the conflict?"

"He-He-Hu-Hu-Hu!" One of the men raised his lips and made a strange sound. Mike tilts his head to the side in confusion.

'Claire, is there a way to understand them?' Mike asked in his mind.

"Yes, would you like to use the universal translator?" Claire nods her head and replies.

'Of course! If you had that, why didn't you say it earlier?' Mike suddenly got startled when she said yes. He was expecting no from her.

"You didn't ask." Rose shrugged her shoulder.

"Why is the food sitting at the top of the tiger?"

"I don't know."

"Did he perhaps control the tiger?"

"Look, even his injuries are completely healed."

"Should we kill him as well? Since he has taken the side of that tiger, he can be our potential enemy."

Hearing their conversation and understanding them made his eyes twitch. He didn't expect that they were planning to kill him. After all, they were incredibly weak.

Grrrrrr!

Suddenly, the tiger roared and pounced in front of Mike. He raised his head and tilts it at Mike.

Unfortunately, Mike didn't understand him. He turned his head at the golden slime and asked "What is he talking about?"

'He said that he sensed that aura from these people. Previously, they were not prepared hence he was able to kill them. These humans are not weak. They can burrow the power of gods.'

"What the fuck? Power of gods! But, why can't I sense the danger? And, if they could borrow the power of gods. Why didn't they use it previously?" Mike asked as he looked at them once again. He was even more confused about them.

But, suddenly he realized something.

'Wait a minute! This world is dangerous. These humans weren't able to understand or manipulate lightning. But, the creatures like that bear and this tiger possess the power of lightning. If those humans were really weak, they shouldn't be alive.'

'Am I missing something here? Maybe, there is some kind of hidden truth in this?'

Suddenly, Mike narrowed his eyes and shouted "Hey you, I am not here to fight. As for this tiger, it is under me. How about we talk before making any moves? I don't want to hurt you guys."

Unlike the previous time, those people instantly understood his words. Each of his words was translated into their language, making it easier for them to understand.

"Who are you? And, how do you know our language?" One of the men stand out and shouted.

"My name is Mike. Who are you guys? And, why did you try to eat another human?" Mike asked. He was a little dissatisfied when he remembered them cooking him over the fire.

"What the hell are you talking about? We don't eat humans. We were preparing you for our god as the sacrifice since you were supposed to be dead. But now, you don't need to be sacrificed. We can kill this tiger and take it as the sacrifice." The man slowly walked towards Mike as he tightly caught his spear.

Splash!

Suddenly, Mike raised his hand as looked at the tiger. In an instant, the head of the tiger fell on the ground and the golden slime returned to his wrist. Mike turned his head at the crowd and said "I don't know this place."

"I need your help to find the tower. But for now, can you take me to your place. I want to know more about this world."

Those men and women were surprised by his action. They didn't know what the golden slime was but it was incredible that it could kill the tiger this easily. Seeing their reaction, Mike thought 'I was right. I didn't feel threatened because they were still too weak.'

'But, I am surprised that the tiger felt threatened by these people. No matter who that god might be, it must have given them some powerful strength through some secret method. I guess it would be a cultivator.'

'They knew I was a human but they still were taking me for his food. That means their god eats humans as well. It mustn't be a human. But, an injured god? Or....…?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 261
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a little conversation, those people finally decided to let Mike return with them. When walking with them, Mike couldn't help but glance at their clothes. They were wearing pretty much nothing.

Except for the leaves that covered their genitals, they had nothing to cover their bodies. Mike couldn't help but lean close to one of them and ask "Don't you make clothes and wear them?"

"Clothes?" The man who Mike asked looked at Mike with confusion.

"You don't know what clothes mean?" Mike suddenly got startled as he asked. He thought they were intelligent since they could communicate properly but he didn't expect them not to know anything about the clothes.

"What are clothes?" That man asked Mike.

Mike pointed his clothes and said "These are clothes. You cover your body with them."

"But, why would you cover something that is unique to you?" That man asked as he looked at Mike with confusion.

Mike slapped his face and asked, "Then, why are you covering your uniqueness?"

While he asked, he pointed his finger at that man's lower part.

"They are our sacred jewels. We must protect them from any harm. These leaves aren't normal leaves. They possess the power to repel the lightning." The man spoke as he raised his sacred jewel towards Mike.

'Dude, you don't know anything about clothes but you know lightning and sacred jewels.' Mike was even more confused after talking with him. He couldn't help but glance at the female. They were walking around as if they were on the beach.

Wearing grass bikinis and panties, they were showing off everything they could. This was turning on Mike. Fortunately, he was easily able to control himself. They walked for around twenty minutes and finally reached their destination.

When Mike saw this place, he was startled. They had made a village under massive rocks. These rocks were covering the entire village and blocking the lightning bolts from the sky. The village was completely free of lightning.

When Mike entered the village, he saw many children playing around.

"Father! Mother!"

Suddenly, those children saw their parents entering the village and rushed towards them. Everyone greeted their own parents as well as others. But, Mike noticed something strange. When he looked around, he didn't see a single old person.

Everyone seems to be under the age of fifty. At this moment, he narrowed his eyes and used the space law to get a clear map of the surrounding. Outside this place, he was having a hard time using this skill since the lightning bolts were spread everywhere.

But, here, the lightning bolts were blocked by those stones. As soon as he spreads his space law, his eyebrows started contracting. His heartbeat started rising up as well. At this moment, Mike had an urge to hurry up and leave this place.

Suddenly, the chaos spirit bloomed around him and coats his body with dark energy. In an instant, that urge fades away alongside the heartbeat that got slower.

Slowly, Mike was able to pinpoint the location from where he was receiving that immense pressure. It was just ahead of him, surrounded by small rocks. Mike gritted his teeth and thought 'Damn! I entered the big mess this time. I thought a random cultivator was pulling the tricks on them.'

'But, that pressure! It shouldn't belong to someone random. It was almost twice or even three times more powerful than the Martial King pressure. Is he a martial emperor or even a Martial Saint? Or, it could be someone above Martial Saint Realm.'

'That means I must gather the intel about this place and leave as soon as possible. There is no merit in staying in this dangerous place. I have no reason or desire to save these people. I just need to get out of here.'

Mike slowly changed his expression as he walked towards one of the men. He pulled a friendly smile and asked "I think it would be a bad idea for an unknown person like me to stay here. So, how about we talk a little about this place?"

"No, no! How can we let out guests leave without any treatment? Don't worry about anything and stay here for today. We can talk all you want at the night. For now, it is a sacrifice time." The man spoke with a massive change in his expression.

The indifferent and normal expression transformed into a big smile. Mike instantly sensed something. He felt that the man was hiding something from him. Suddenly, his eyes narrowed as the brain started thinking 'Did he get an order to hold me from that person?'

'There is no way one could change their expression this quick. At least, not everyone can do it.'

Mike grew even more tense when he realized that everyone was presenting a bright smile to him. He got different vibes from these people.

"I think I will pass. I really need to find the tower soon. I don't have much time left. So, I guess I should leave now." Mike said as he made a big smile. Although his face was full of tension, he tried to maintain the normal expression.

He slightly turned around and walked away. But just he had only reached a few steps, one of the men shot the spear at him.

Whoosh!

Mike instantly sensed the attack even before it was made. He turned around and caught the spear. As long as the attack is not faster than him, he can easily sense it and dodge it. Of course, he needs to be on his guard and use the Space Law.

"What the hell, man? Are you picking up the fight just because I didn't join the party?" Mike screamed as he broke the spear in his hand.

"Kill the intruder! Kill the intruder! Kill the intruder!"

As soon as he screamed, Mike noticed the change in their expression. He slightly narrowed his eyes and released the space law. In an instant, the spatial coordinates around him were interlocked and formed a massive barrier around them.

"Space God Scripture- Space Cage"

Mike created a spatial lock, stopping them from moving. When he blocked that spear, he noticed it was faster and stronger than the average man but it was still way weaker than his attack.

Although Mike doesn't mind killing, he wouldn't get any benefit in doing so. Instead, he had something in his mind that he wants to test.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

"Kill the intruder!" "Kill the intruder!" "Kill the intruder!"

Inside the space cage, those people didn't stop moving. They kept thrusting their spear and punching at the space barrier. It didn't take long before their strength grew even more. The punches became more intense.

But even so, it was easily blocked by the space barrier. After all, it was not just a simple concept. It was Space Law itself. And, after using Space Law in this world for two weeks, he knows how to create stronger spatial coordinates.

After half an hour, those people started falling unconscious. These people didn't have a single ounce of strength to continue. After everyone fell to the ground, Mike touched his chin and thought 'Their strength never grew past Martial Advent.'

'It was too weak. Whoever is inside that stone? He was controlling them and installing power at their body. But, if he was Martial Emperor or Saint, or even higher realm cultivator, he should've improved their strength even more.'

'They feel like the puppets without emotions. It only taught them whatever they need. People above fifty are used as sacrifices. They might have worked like a normal human. But, the control wasn't that good. Otherwise, their strength wouldn't be equal to Martial Advent.'

'Should I try? But what if that person is stronger? If my thoughts go wrong, I might have to face a terrible price. Can I afford that? But, if he ends up being a cultivator, it would be a blessing disguise for me.'

'I need to reach the ninth stage of Martial Advent while improving my swordsmanship. It is hard to focus on both. If I can get resources, I can improve my cultivation with ease and also focus on my swordsmanship.'

'Man, I need to build some courage. I need to go there and examine everything. If I act like a coward every time, I would never get a chance to improve in this harsh world of cultivation.'

Slowly but Mike succeed in building up courage. These people had already lost their consciousness. So, he let them go. He slowly moved towards the stone in front of him.

After he reached in front of it, he intently looked at the stone and snapped his finger. In an instant, he appeared in a dark place. Everything around him was dark though Mike was able to see things with his Space Law

"Jie! Jie! Jie! It's been three days and now I am getting a chance to eat another human. Nothing could be better than this."

Evil laughter rang throughout the dark place accompanied with terrible killing intent. In an instant, Mike's slaughter spirit rose above him but the next moment, that killing intent got even stronger.

Crack! Crack! Bang!

The slaughter spirit formed above him broke into pieces.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 262
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike's eyes narrowed but he couldn't see anything in the darkness. When his slaughter spirit was broken, he realized that he messed up. He instantly used the Space Law but a strange barrier in space didn't let him control the spatial coordinates.

"Light of the Thousand Sun!"

The fire law condensed at his palm. He formed dozens of red dots on his palm that brightened the dark space. He raised his hand and spread the red dots on the air. The light illuminates the room and allowed him to see his surroundings.

"Holy shit! What the hell are you?"

Mike cried in surprise when he saw a giant beast inside the cave. This beast was like a tiger but instead of four, it had eight arms. Two from his right side and two from his left side. As well as the four legs below its stomach. It was nearly ten meters tall and twenty meters long

It also had two tails instead of a single tail. The killing intent rising from the beast was nearly ten times bigger than his own slaughter spirit. Although killing intent and slaughter spirit are different, both have the same origin.

"Jie! Jie! Jie! What an amusing human? You only have the strength of Third Stage Martial Advent but you have cultivated the Space Law. That's nothing but a miracle. What a sad fate that you have to enter my belly now." The tiger smirked with a cunning smile as he looked at Mike.

"You really think so?" Suddenly, Mike smirked as he closed his hand. In an instant, dozens of red lights flashed towards the tiger from the red dot.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

As soon as the light falls on the tiger's body, it explodes. The entire body of the tiger got engulfed by the explosion. Seeing this, Mike smirked and said "You really think I would be your prey? Those red dots were compressed with the power of the sun. Each explosion will burn at the temperature of the sun."

"I released them in the air to compress the power for the long-range attacks. And, you gave me just enough time to launch."

"Don't be arrogant for a single attack, human!" Suddenly, the tiger's voice startled him. Mike retreated a few steps and condensed the lightning law on his fist.

Slowly, the dust of smoke of the explosion fades away. In front of Mike, the tiger was standing with the explosion paused around him. Each explosion was self-contained in a yellow qi.

"Impossible! You can't contain the explosion by the qi alone." Mike looked at the tiger with disbelieve as he shouted. He didn't understand how this tiger was able to block the effect of explosion with the qi alone.

"You are wrong. Qi can contain anything. Qi is the source of everything. Space, time, destruction, creation, everything is only possible because of qi. And, I, the Eight Legged Wild Tiger is the spirit of Qi. I have enough Qi to do anything I want." The tiger smirked as the explosion inside the qi started shrinking until nothing remains.

"Purple Lightning Spree"

Suddenly, the blue lightning transformed into purple lightning bolts. It spread through around his fingers and shot towards the tiger from all directions.

"Humph! Your lightning law is too weak." The tiger snorted as he released an enormous amount of qi around him. The lightning bolts that were moving towards him struck the qi and suddenly got sucked in.

Suddenly, the purple lightning that was sucked in by the qi got released by it. But, this time, it struck towards Mike. Seeing those lightning bolts, Mike's eyes tightened. He released his space law but once again, it didn't work.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Mike hurriedly moved his legs and dodged some lightning bolts. Those collided on the ground and spread wide. Some lightning bolts managed to hit him.

Splash! Splash! Splash!

Those lightning bolts pierced his skin and spread throughout his body. In just a single attack, Mike transformed into a bloody man. Mike clenched his fist and run the celestial bloodline alongside the Desolate Emperor Bloodline.

"Bulls' Thrust!"

Mike pressed his foot against the ground and soared towards the tiger. His entire body started releasing the hot red steam when his blood started boiling. The blood energy spread through his body and the qi stored inside his dantian merged with his fist.

Bang! Crack! Crack! Crack! Bang!

Mike's fist smashed through the qi barrier and broke it into pieces. He heads straight to the tiger and smashed on its jaws. The impact created an enormous pressure that blasted the waves at the stones.

"Ahhhh!"

But, suddenly the qi around his body covered Mike and released a devastating effect. His entire body started burning with the heat of that qi. Mike screamed in pain, trying to move away but he couldn't break free from the qi.

"Chaos Spirit!"

Mike screamed as he felt his entire body turning red due to an intense qi surrounding him. This qi was so strong that Mike could feel nothing but angry flames from it. As soon as he released his chaotic spirit, a dark layer of energy spread around him and blocked the qi.

The tiger got startled when Mike revealed his Chaos Spirit once again. The lightning condensed at his foot. He kicked the solid qi and drifted dozens of meters away.

"What is that? This feeling! It feels like chaos. But, how can a mortal like you possess the most powerful force in our universe?" The tiger stared at Mike with a sharp gaze and slowly moved forward.

"Hu! Hu! Hu! Hu!"

Mike took some long breaths and slowly tried to stand up when he saw the tiger moving towards him. But, as soon as he stood up, he realized that the tiger had returned back to his spot.

His eyes narrowed as he realized something.

'Wait a minute! If this guy is the spirit of qi, then he should be all power. I mean none of my attacks worked. And, it wasn't because my attacks were weak but the amount of qi he possesses is massive. It's like an ocean where my attacks are like the water in a bucket thrown into an ocean.'

'But, if it is so powerful, why is it here? Of course, because he was sealed here. He was definitely moving towards me but when he returned back as soon as I got up. He wasn't running away. He simply couldn't reach here.'

'Something is binding him! And, that thing might be a way for me to leave this place. Now, I understand why I can't use the space law. This beast is releasing so much qi that the space near us has been strengthened.'

'What should I do? What can help me in this situation?' Mike gritted his teeth as he tried to think about everything he had in his arsenals.

'Damn! Without the brute force, I can't burst through anything. If I had brute force, I could utilize the Godspeed mode.'

'Wait a minute, I can try that. I have some ounce of qi. Even though it doesn't work like my previous skill, it can still affect the qi, right?'

'Whatever, let's try it!'

Mike condensed the chaos spirit in his arm and infused the spiritual qi in it while clapping both of his palms together. The spiritual qi merges with the chaos spirit.

'Now!' 'Chaotic Path towards Harmony!'

As soon as the chaos spirit and qi merged, he separates his hand along with the new combination of chaos spirit and spiritual qi. Chaotic Path towards Harmony generates the force on his hand, and the power of the system flow into his palm.

When he separates his palm, the dark energy and blue energy separate from each other. The dark energy condensed at his left palm while the blue energy condensed at his right palm.

"Chaos Scripture!"

Mike shouted as he rushed towards the tiger. Seeing the energy condensed in his palm, the tiger released an intense amount of his qi around him.

"Yin-Yang Explosion!"

Mike held both palms together and smashed on the qi barrier. When he smashed, the energy collided against each other and created an intense destructive power. The power was so destructive that Mike's hands blew apart and smashed him against the wall.

Boom!

After the destructive wave, a huge explosion shook the entire room. The explosion burned the qi barrier alongside the qi in surroundings. But, the tiger kept releasing an intense amount of qi and blocked the waves of destruction and explosion.

Splash! Splash!

But, the power of the destruction still passed through the barrier and split those arms that were attached to its stomach.

"Gah!"

Mike coughed out blood as he landed on the ground. His arms were obliterated from his body.

"All of the sacrifice for nothing! So, do you have anything else on your arsenal?" Mike slowly raised his head and looked at the tiger. The tiger slowly regenerated those arms with its qi. Every inch of injury was healed by its qi.

"Cough! I—I guess you are right." Mike coughed out blood and slowly stand on his feet. He had to put pressure on his waist to stand on the severe injuries. His skin and muscles were ruptured as well. But, slowly, the lightning started exploding around him.

"With that much of qi present in your arsenal, you are almost like a god."

Suddenly, the lightning-sparked in his eyes. The celestial bloodline healed his exterior injuries. He looked at the tiger with a smile and said "But if I can make the god bleed, people will cease to believe in him."

"God of Sex Version 2.0- Godspeed Mode"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 263
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Crackle! Crackle! Whoosh!

The blue lightning sparkled around him. He pressed his foot on the ground, the next moment he appeared in front of the tiger. The speed was so fast that even the tiger was caught off-guard. Mike stomped on the ground and rotates his body in air while positioning himself horizontally to the ground.

"Lightning Storm!"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Even though the tiger was caught off-guard, he still managed to cover himself with his qi. The red qi formed a giant barrier around the tiger. Mike's legs smashed over that barrier, creating massive shockwaves. His momentum and lightning allow him to seriously damage the barrier.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack!

Whoosh!

"Super Sonic Kick!"

Bang!

Mike instantly retreated dozens of meters away when the barrier started cracking and pressed all of his speed force into his legs. With the immense impact, he moved towards the barrier with a powerful sidekick. His kick broke the barrier into pieces.

His foot strode straight towards the tiger and smacked him to the face. The moment his kick smashed on his face, the tiger suddenly raised his hand and caught the leg.

"You think you can do anything you want just because you are fast?"

Bang! Thud!

The tiger threw him to the walls. Mike collides against it and falls to the ground. His mind was in chaos. He didn't know how this tiger was able to catch him at his speed. But, Mike forgot something. He was moving fast doesn't mean others can't act that fast.

But, Mike didn't believe the tiger was really catching up to him. He instantly rose up to his feet and rushed towards the tiger. His hands were fully healed by the time he reached in front of the tiger. Once again, the tiger had already released his qi barrier.

Unlike the previous time, he didn't try to deal with any direct damage to the barrier. Instead, he decided to do things his way.

'Please work! Please work! Please work!'

His hands started vibrating at a rapid speed. It was so fast that it became harder to catch it through the naked eyes. Mike kept vibrating his hands and slowly moved towards the barrier.

'Phase through it! Phase through it! Vibrate! Vibrate like the vibrator! I have taken many girls to heaven. How can I lose to the measly vibrator?'

Slowly, Mike's whole body started vibrating at a rapid speed. It became so fast that Mike's body slowly phased through the barrier. But, he was taking a lot of time especially for someone with his speed.

"What? How is this possible? How can you phase through the qi barrier?"

"I guess I just had to adjust the frequency. Now that I have gotten the hang of it, I need to use it." Mike smirked and instantly disappeared in front of his eyes. The tiger tried to follow to Mike's speed but he was simply helpless.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Mike instantly appeared behind him and punched. His body once again vibrates and disappears. He continued punching the tiger from different positions and different directions. Each time he hits the tiger, he gives him a chance to locate himself.

Without properly releasing it, Mike kept on punching the tiger. But, he was easily healing his wounds with the massive qi possessed by it.

'Damn! There must be a way to defeat this guy, right? He is not very powerful. He just has massive qi. He won't run out of qi any time soon. But, I will get tired. This mode is stressing a lot for my body. I need something to think of something.'

'Wait! That could work or maybe not! Since this is his qi, it wouldn't possible to absorb it. Damn! It's time to test out my new abilities. I hope they will work him.'

Mike released the purple energy in his hand in the cost of his stamina. The stress on his body only increased by that purple energy. Mike instantly moved near the tiger and smashed his fingers on the tiger's body.

The purple energy flow out of his hand and entered the tiger's body through its wound. But, the tiger was too big. And, Mike had to move to several other places and stick his finger inside it. He kept doing so until the tiger caught him once again.

As soon as the tiger caught him, Mike released an intense bolt of lightning on himself. The strike separated him from the tiger. But, he got severely injured once again. Although his celestial bloodline was healing himself, he got no choice but to use the Ten Thousand Poison Spell to heal himself.

That purple was energy was the one of deadly poison from Ten Thousand Poison Spell. And, using several effects of poison and reversing them, he can heal his injuries as well. It won't be as effective as Celestial Bloodline.

But, it can give celestial bloodline a replacement for normal injuries. This spell is designed in a way that whenever Mike uses it, the celestial bloodline will stop its function on that particular spot and heal something else.

But, using this spell costs stamina. And, Stamina is something that has been proven to be a thousand times more precious than chaos energy or qi or dark energy for Mike. He doesn't want to waste it but he got no choice.

He is already using the Ten Thousand Poison Spell, so he didn't want to burden himself with celestial bloodline. After turning off the celestial bloodline, he healed his injuries with the spell.

"Gah!" "Roar!"

"Human, you shameless bastard! How dare you use poison against me?"

Suddenly, the tiger coughed out blood from his mouth. This time, it took the damage that seemed impossible to heal. Mike didn't move. He has used a specific poison called 'Qi Disrupting Poison'. This poison stops a person to use his qi for a certain amount of time.

At this moment, Mike clenched his hands.

'Run! I can run now. He doesn't have enough control over his qi. I can easily escape with my space law. But, what's stopping me? Why don't I have a single thought to run away? Why is my heartbeat speeding up?'

'That same feeling. This was exactly what I felt when I fought Demon King Atharos. He was strong. He was a monster. But, I didn't want to run away knowing that I am going to lose something. This is the same once again.'

'What do I have to lose? Why is my heart-stopping me from running away?'

'Damn! So, this is the feeling you will have you have to decide between your life and the dream. When I started this journey, I never really thought about putting my life in the line for my dream. But, now I can't even escape.'

'Adventure is not always about exploring the new world. It is about exploring danger, facing it, and overcoming it. There are ways to face it and overcome it. But, everyone has their own path. Some path allows them to escape. But, some do not!'

'My path doesn't allow me to escape. To be the strongest, I need to defeat every single opponent I face. Whether it is a good or a demon, I need to crush every single one of them. To be the strongest, I need to defeat them. If I lose, it doesn't matter.'

'But, if I run away, then I can never be the strongest. It's not about defeating the stronger opponent. It's about going against the odds that are not in your side. Defeat it with your spirit, defeat it with everything you got!'

"Fighting Spirit" "Slaughter Spirit" "Blood Spirit" "Chaos Spirit" "Sword Spirit" "Spear Spirit" "Celestial Bloodline" "Desolate Emperor Bloodline" "Golden Buddha Kong Body" "Space Law" "Lightning Law" "Fire Law"

"Spear Path? Sword Path? Saber Path? Fist Path? I am going to use everything I've got."

Five spirits overlapped each other and coats his entire body. He still hasn't figured out a way to merge these. Even so, using six spirits at the same time boosted his strength. He also had two bloodlines running in his veins.

The most useless Golden Buddha Kong Body was also activated hoping that it would block at least some minor injuries. Lightning and Fire condensed at his left and right hand respectively. As for Space Law, it was already in his mind.

Finally, Godspeed Mode was still activated, giving him a significant boost in strength.

Roar! Roarrrrrrrr!

Suddenly, the tiger roared twice but his second roar shook the entire room. The red dots that were illuminating the room started fading away. But, at this moment, the poison on its body disappeared. The overwhelming qi surrounded his entire body.

"Wretched Human, didn't I tell you? I am the spirit of qi. Qi is the basis of everything. Even your poison has the qi in it. It might be different but it is still there. As long as it's qi, nobody can defeat me. With my qi, I am invincible. I am the Eight Arms Tiger God."

"The one who can't be killed. The one who can't be defeated. The one who can't perish. I am the embodiment of Qi."

Boom!

Suddenly, qi condensed moved towards Mike and covered him inside a huge cage. The red qi cage was faster than Mike's reaction time. But, it was weaker than the Qi of Martial Advent.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Bang!

Suddenly in the cage, a slash appeared on the right side, another slash appeared on the left side. One big hole appeared at the back. And, finally, a fist smashed through the front. The entire cage crumbled into dust as Mike came out of it.

"Didn't I say this previously? If I can make the god bleed, people will cease to believe in him."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 264
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Tch! Don't be cocky just because you poisoned me! Your poison will no longer affect me." The tiger snorted and condensed a sharp sword with his qi. He raised his sword and slashed it towards Mike.

'Conjure and manipulate the wind! Feel the wind and use its sharpness. Cut through anything, move faster than people can see.'

Wind Sword appeared in his hand. The sword itself could release the wind but it needs a source. Mike had no choice but to use the spiritual qi to generate the wind.

Whoosh! Clink!

Tapping his foot against the ground, he rose towards the qi sword and slashed his sword. The sword stayed horizontal and blocked the qi sword with the wind rising from it. Suddenly, the saber appeared in his left hand.

Bang!

Mike raised his left-hand swings it against the qi sword. The immense force generated by the black dragon saber smashed the qi sword into pieces.

Zzzz!

The lightning flashed in the air and Mike disappeared. The wind from the wind sword disappeared. Instead, fire condensed at that sword. The lightning condensed at the black dragon saber.

"Doom of Fire!"

Suddenly, the massive amount of qi gathered above the tiger and condensed the massive box. He held it with his four arms and threw it at Mike. When Mike saw the box, he felt confused. The box seemed to dodge and didn't seem to have any attack power.

But, when it reaches Mike, the box transformed into thousands of mini boxes that encircled around Mike. Each box was connected with each other as they formed a cage around Mike.

Boom!

The next second, the boxes suddenly exploded. The explosion shook the entire room and smoke rose from the explosion.

"Hehe! Make me bleed huh! You are just worthless human." As soon as they caged Mike inside them, the boxes completely blocked the space law. That means Mike couldn't possibly escape. Although he did have the chance before, those boxes caught him off-guard.

"Gah!" Splash!

Suddenly, the tiger coughed mouth blood as the spear pierced its top. Mike appeared just above him. But, at this moment, his condition wasn't good. The entire body was bleeding and burned.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The tiger regained its consciousness in just a few seconds and spread its arm to catch Mike. But, Mike was still in Godspeed Mode. He easily dodged the arms and moved far away.

"Bastard! You used the Space Law after the explosion. But, even so, just look at yourself. Even if you can heal, your stamina is nowhere enough to continue." The tiger released another burst of qi to heal his body.

"Hu! Hu! Hu! You might----- be right...… But, what makes you think that you've won?" Mike panted for long time but soon, a smile appeared on his lips.

"Restoration Divine Ability!"

His entire body felt a cool air flowing through it. Mike closed his eyes for a moment and opened it with a new burst of energy flowing through his veins.

"Let's continue! Shall we?" Mike released insane confidence as he looked at the tiger. The fire law slowly condensed around the lightning. The speed force wouldn't allow Mike to merge lightning with fire. But, he still wants to try it.

If he can add fire to lightning, the destructive power will definitely soar.

Whoosh! Splash! Bang! Thud!

Mike instantly disappeared leaving a few lightning arcs. When he appeared near the tiger, he held the golden spear and thrust it at the tiger's body. But, suddenly one arm of the tiger caught him and smashed his body to the wall.

"Gah!"

Mike fell to the ground after colliding against the wall and coughed out blood. As he was on his condition, he still snapped his finger. The next moment he appeared above the tiger, the lightning and fire spread out from his hand, and saber and sword appeared.

Splash! Splash! Bang! Thud!

Mike generates extreme heat on both of his weapons. He cross-slashed saber and sword at the top of the tiger where he previously stabbed. Both lightning and fire were able to heat up the sword and saber but he also had different plans for them.

As soon as they slashed the top, Mike swings his saber and sword once again and stabbed at the top. The lightning and fire passed down from the saber and sword to the body of the tiger. The lightning struck the bottom ground while the fire remained inside.

Tap! Tap! Tap! Tap!

Bang!

Suddenly, four arms caught Mike tightly. The enraged tiger swings his arms and smashed Mike's head to the ground. The collision created a huge crater and the blood gushed out of his head. The strongest bone in his body was cracked by the impact. The blood dripped down from his face and his ears.

Bang! Thud!

But, he didn't stop there. He still held Mike tightly and smashed him on the walls. This time chaos spirit erupts out of his body. Mike was hanging on the thread. The chaos spirit sensed this and released an immense power to knock those away.

But, it wasn't simply Mike who was hurt. The tiger had a hole from the top of its body to the bottom. His entire qi was mixed with blood.

'Damn! I got no choice. I need to use the blood and qi together to heal my injuries.' That hole was really a grave injury. Unlike celestial bloodline, Qi alone can't heal everything. Even though he could grow an extra pair of arms with qi, he can't do the same thing with his internal organs.

His arms weren't the real arms from the beginning. His arms have been cut down several times and now it was created by qi. His entire body wasn't made out of Qi but it wasn't completely made out of blood and cells either.

As a spirit, he could replace any part of his body with Qi. But, that means he must have an infinite amount of qi to do so. The only problem was, he also needs to absorb this much Qi. He was sealed for thousands of years.

And during this time, he was able to gather so much Qi that it seemed infinite. This is the foundation of spirits. They can absorb a massive amount of qi as much as they like. And, they have no problem storing it inside their body.

Even so, it could run out. That's why the tiger didn't make his entire body out of qi. While he was healing his injuries, Mike was doing the same.

But, he was severely hurt. His brain was almost damaged due to that attack. Fortunately, his skull only cracked, and didn't get broken. But, his other bones were severely broken. His muscles were torn apart and his body was entirely covered with blood.

'Damn! I almost died, didn't I? I guess I have to thank the chaos spirit. It saved my life...….. yet again. I------ I need get to up. This fucking hurts! Damn! I want to cry.'

Mike couldn't help but pull out a helpless smile on his face. But, at this moment, the universe inside body suddenly trembled. A stream of black energy was released throughout his body.

'Huh! Wait, can I use my dark energy?'

'No, no! This is not dark energy. This is the energy that I get to improve my Chaos Body. Does this mean my Chaos Body will improve right now?'

'No, wait! Why is it entering my blood?'

'This feeling.... I know. My bloodline. It's evolving.'

At this moment, the black energy from the universe moved throughout his blood. The celestial bloodline that was pushed to the limit once again bloomed with the black energy. An intense thrust of this energy made the entire bloodline tremble.

And, not just Celestial Bloodline, but even his Desolate Emperor Bloodline started trembling. The black energy was massive.

But, suddenly Mike closed his eyes and focused deeper into his universe.

'Damn! Give it to me. I need them. I need those powers. GIVE MY POWER BACK!"

Mike screamed inside his mind and used all of his spirits in his universe. Slowly, the universe inside him began to tremble. The core that was shut down in his chest started opening. And, the power surges through his veins.

The Celestial Bloodline improved to rank third alongside the Desolate Emperor Bloodline. The black energy was emptied. And, the elements in his cores emerged out and mixed throughout his body.

'I succeed. I know the evolution of bloodline triggered the universe. But, damn! This is amazing. My powers. They are back. Now, let's begin the real battle. I have accomplished half of my plan. Now, with my old powers, I can easily accomplish the other half.'

'Then, I will show him the result of god bleeding in front of a mortal.'

Mike slowly stood up on his feet. The different energies surge throughout his boy. Fire, Lightning, Darkness, Brute Force, Domains, God Slaughtering Essence, and everything else was now ready.

"How? How could you recover so fast? Your bloodline! Why did it evolve? You have something that can produce chaos, isn't it? You possess the chaos." Suddenly, the greed appeared in his eyes when he saw his bloodline evolve.

Suddenly, two spears appeared in Mike's hand. The five domains slowly spread out. The lightning sparkled around him, the blood released the deadly killing intent, berserk made his silver hair spiky, the gravity pressed the tiger to the ground, and finally, the chaos unfolded on his spears.

Mike raised both of his spears at the tiger and said "Let's begin the third round!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 265
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike rushed towards the tiger with both spears in his hand. He suddenly jumped up in the air and collides with both of his spears. The lightning spread around the tiger and paralyzed him for a moment. At the same time, gravity pulled him down.

Splash!

Holding both of his spears, he spun on the air and created a massive chaos force in the tip of his spear. The berserk domain strengthened the sharpness of his spear and his hair. He pierced through the neck of the tiger and landed behind him.

Bang!

But suddenly, two tails swings and smashed Mike to the walls. He took back the spear into inventory while recovering his wounds. The spirits and domains disappeared as well. The tiger started healing his wound as well.

As soon as both of them healed their injuries, the tiger glared at him.

"Damn you, human!" The tiger released a roar with the massive qi forming at its mouth. The qi gathered at a single place and formed a giant red ball.

"Gravity Domain- Descending Moons!"

Mike suddenly raised his hand the upper stones trembled with a great force. The gravity pulled them down, and the lightning bolts fell over them. In the midst of the fall, Mike clenched his fist and used gravity to bend them into the balls.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Boooooom!

As the stone ball fell over the tiger, he got no choice but the use the massive red ball towards the stone fall. His red ball flew out of his mouth and collided with one of the stones resulting in a massive explosion that shook the ground and trembled the sky.

The explosion blew those stones into pieces. Mike instantly released the Space Barrier to block the impact. He slightly changed his eyes sight to the tiger and snapped his finger.

But as soon as he appeared beside the tiger, he found a red barrier of qi. Mike raised his hands and released two bolts of lightning from the sky to break the barrier.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Bang! Bang!

But, instead of breaking it, the lightning got reflected towards Mike. He snapped his finger twice to dodge it and reappeared above the tiger instead of his previous place. The lightning struck the walls and created another mess.

"Darkness Swallow!"

As soon as he appeared above the tiger, he released the dark element from his palms and touched the barrier. As soon as that happened, the qi that formed the barrier got devoured by him.

"Chaos Spirit!"

When he devoured the qi of the tiger, an immense killing intent entered his brain. At this moment, his brain began to lose its consciousness but soon chaos spirit erupts and broke the killing intent.

Bang! Thud!

But, the tiger indeed succeeds in his trick. He raised his arm and chopped at the stomach of Mike. Mike released the space barrier before it could but, the chop broke the barrier and smashed him to the walls.

The tiger released if he tries something hard, Mike could teleport himself away. But, the chop was something Mike thought he could defend against. That's why he didn't catch Mike like the previous time and broke the skull rather smashed him to the walls.

Even though Mike easily stood up and healed his wounds. As soon as he healed his wounds, Mike rushed towards the tiger. He took out the sword and saber. He head straight towards the tiger with lightning speed and slashed his sword and saber.

As soon as Mike looked at the tiger's face, his eyes were wide. He was still moving with his swords. But, he was in disbelieve that the tiger was able to see him this easily. The tiger formed a giant sword. It slides horizontally and slashed towards Mike.

Bang!

'Damn! How the hell did he catch up to my speed? It shouldn't be possible.' Mike gritted his teeth when he saw the mocking smile on the tiger's face.

"Haa!"

Mike held the saber and sword tightly while trying to push the tiger. Unfortunately, his efforts were ruined, and just with a single arm, the tiger smashed Mike to the ground.

Snap!

With a single snap, he escaped and landed dozens of meters away. Mike knew the tiger can't come near him but he could still send some attacks. Mike didn't lose his vigilant and stood up. His wounds began to heal while he looked at the tiger and fell in deep thought.

'How can I inflict more damage? He has already caught up to my speed with reaction time. Now, I can only rely on pure force. My brute force is back and I can also use the extra strength given by Chaos Body. More importantly, my Desolate Emperor Bloodline also ranked up.'

'I should engage in fist combat and then use spear, sword, or saber whenever I get chance.'

Mike took a deep breath and released his lightning energy in his hand. At this moment, his qi was almost irrelevant. As Mike advanced to himself, the tiger instantly spread his qi around him. This qi was almost like the atomic particle that senses Mike's position.

This is how the tiger was able to find Mike's position even with his speed. The lightning gathered at his fist and the domain of lightning scattered around him.

Suddenly, his pupils shrunk. He bites his lips and looked at the tiger with a deep stare.

'No wonder, he was able to sense my position. He was relying on those qi particles just like my lightning particles. Wait a minute! If he is putting all of his trust in those qi particles.'

Slowly, a cunning smile appeared on his lips. Mike instantly released his space law and used the lightning law to change the position of the qi. When Mike moves, he released a certain degree of lightning. The spirit has a strong connection with qi.

So, when he releases the lightning, qi vibrates after touching the lightning. This vibration can be sensed by the tiger. And, this way he was able to predict Mike's movement and direction. But, now Mike knows what he is up to.

His lightning domain creates those same lightning particles. If Mike can use the space element to block the qi particles around him, he can move around undetected. But, now he understands the trick so he planned to use the lightning from the lightning domain to create a distraction.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Mike moved in a different direction trying to outrun the tiger. At least, this is what the tiger thought when he sensed the vibration around him. But, Mike was moving straight to his head.

Bang! Splash!

The lightning coiled the spear, and the chaos spirit merges with it. The berserk domain improved his strength while the desolate emperor bloodline worked together with brute force. Each aspect boosted his strength allowing him to pierce through the qi barrier and also pierce the head of the tiger.

Snap!

Mike leaves the spear on the head while snapping his finger.

Roar! Roar!

The tiger roared in pain. The blood flows down his face. Two of his arms caught the spear and pulled it out. The stream of blood followed the spear.

'Damn! I got no choice. Blood and Qi, merge!'

The tiger grunted in pain as he released his qi inside the blood. Currently, only some part of his body is made out of qi. Most of it is still Qi. Once he merges blood and qi together, he will face the advantages and disadvantages at the same time.

And, since he was sealed he can't use anything except Qi. His last resort is to improve his healing ability by merging qi with the blood instead of replacing the entire part with qi. This allows him to retain his real body while having the qi power.

If his Qi emptied, his body will no longer work properly since the majority of his cells will adapt to the energy given by the Qi. After all, Qi itself is a type of energy. He needs to maintain a consistent amount of Qi in his blood.

Mike landed a few meters away from the tiger. His breath hasten. That last strike took a lot of stamina. He was having a hard time breathing properly. But suddenly, he disappeared and appeared above the tiger. While the tiger was healing itself, Mike used his qi and made dozens of slashes throughout his body.

"Puny human! You think you can kill me. This kind of wound is nothing for me." The tiger shouted as it raised his hand and slammed Mike to the ground.

Bang!

"Gah!" Mike coughs out blood but instantly stands up on his feet. A smile appears on his face when he looks at the tiger. But, his body was shaking a lot. During that attack, he lost a lot of his remaining stamina.

"Kekeke! I told you, didn't I? I----- Hu! If I make a god bleed, people will cease to believe in him."

"What kind of crap are you talking, human? I am a god. Even if you make me bleed, you can't kill me. So, what's the point of this pointless struggle?" The tiger snorted as he looked at Mike who was panting hard.

"You are right. I am talking about the crap till now. But, that crap was something you should've noticed. Because this battle I've." Mike spoke as he raised both of his hands at the front. His hands had formed fists as he pointed towards the tiger.

"Blood Spirit" "Blood Domain"

"Devouring Blood Scripture- Blood Orb-Blood World"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 266
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The moment Mike used Blood Orb-Blood World, he was completely stunned when the entire body of the tiger transformed into a stream of blood and qi. This was the first time he had used the Blood Orb-Blood World.

When he used the Blood Orb, he found he can't use it on the opponent that are alive. So, he created Blood Orb-Blood World based on the principle of Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State. Creating a massive black hole with the power of blood and to suck the blood.

If his opponent isn't stronger than him, he can easily absorb the blood of the opponent. With this tiger, the case was a little different. Mike was weak if the tiger uses his Qi. But, without Qi, the tiger was weaker than Mike.

And, if Mike tries to absorb the blood, the tiger could still use the Qi to heal himself and even transform his whole body into Qi. This is what he noticed when he first slashed the arms of the tiger. Except for Darkness Swallow, he didn't have any skill to devour the Qi.

And, to use Darkness Swallow, he must touch the tiger. That's why he was struggling hard to make the tiger bleed so hard. He knew the tiger wasn't willing to transform his entire body into Qi. So, he wanted the tiger to merge his Qi with the blood.

Now, he can absorb the blood and Qi at the same time. Whenever he absorbs the blood, his Qi will be absorbed alongside. Even though the amount of Qi is massive, the entire body which stores the Qi has been merged with the blood.

So, as long as he absorbs every drop of blood in it, he can absorb the massive amount of Qi. But, he was surprised when the tiger transformed into blood. But, suddenly he noticed the seal following alongside the blood.

"Ahhhhhh! Human, you will die horribly. I will live. I will devour your mind. I will let you feel the taste of despair."

The tiger's voice rang from the blood as it got stored in the blood orb. The blood orb was inside his core. But, suddenly he noticed something. When he tried to store the blood inside the blood orb, he found the amount of blood was multiplied by the Qi.

It bursts out of the blood orb and spread through his core. But, it didn't stick inside the core rather moved out of the core and spread through his body.

"Ahhhh!"

Mike screamed in pain as his body started burning. The Qi and the blood of the tiger were too intense to contain. The anger flashed in his eyes when the Qi affected his mind. But, suddenly the chaos spirit appeared once again.

"Hahaha! I told you. I will devour you. Even if you have Chaos, it can't protect you from the soul." Suddenly, the tiger's laughter burst out of his mind. But, Mike was completely calm. Instead of focusing on the tiger, he used Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique.

Since the tiger didn't have any control over it now, he could easily control it. But, the amount was still insane. With the help of the Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique, he was able to control it and move it to his blood.

As his blood absorbs the vitality, his dantian absorbs the remaining Qi. But, something else was happening to his body as well. The blood and qi released from the blood orb were too much. It was constantly absorbed by his own body.

It wasn't specific to a certain part but it was absorbed through his cells. But, Mike had no idea about the other evolution whatsoever. He was completely focused on his cultivation. It was rising too fast.

From the third stage to the fourth, then to the fifth. Although it was fast, in real-time ten hours had already passed when he stopped his cultivation. It had reached the peak of the ninth stage. And, the tiger's remaining spirit was destroyed by the Anti-Mind Control Spell as well.

Not only that, he even got a new physique. It was called 'Destiny Star Spirit Physique'. It was simply the embodiment of the qi. Now, he can absorb the qi as much as he wants and keep it throughout his body just the tiger.

He can also use this physique to understand the laws better. And more importantly, he also got the memories of the tiger. It seems some people had sealed the tiger in this place. This seal was called the 'Eternal Seal of Heaven'.

Once this seal is cast, it can't be undone. The physical body loses all of its ability and the soul can't escape. Unless the tiger is killed, the seal won't be lifted. The problem is those people couldn't kill this tiger because his existence was the reason why heaven and earth share the qi.

Once the tiger dies, heaven and earth will no longer share qi with the universe. That's why those people only sealed him even though he slaughtered dozens of worlds and trillions of people. Now, the world no longer has the tiger.

But, the qi is still present which means it wasn't the tiger rather its ability to become the spirit of qi. Now, with that physique, Mike was the spirit of qi. He can command qi to the extent that he can even block the qi in many worlds and move that qi to another world.

Even so, this wasn't the best reward for that hard work. He was rewarded with an evolution. The biggest evolution he could hope for. His Pioneer Physique improved once again. And, he got another ability and a chance to create a skill.

This ability was called Inner World. It allows him to form a world that will be under his control. He can create anything he wishes for inside that world. He can even allow the water to burn. He can do anything without any need for energy to support it.

In fact, he can create his own world filled with different civilizations. When this thought came to his mind, he suddenly remembered Alena. After all, that girl wanted to create a civilization and become the goddess.

He was planning to ask her.

But, the good things came with the bad. Although he gained an evolution of his pioneer physique, his cores and element once again got devoured inside the universe. It felt like it was telling Mike not to use it.

Although Mike didn't know the reason when he found the extreme reaction of the universe to take back the cores and elements, he knew the threat was greater than he could ever imagine. It seemed he only got those back for the battle.

He still had a massive amount of blood in his core. Everything doesn't seem bad but one thing was bothering him.

[Your EXP has been full! Would you like to level up?]

Mike was bothered by this. According to Zemin, he can't reach the Martial Artist realm without a martial soul. To make the martial soul, he needs to use the essence released after merging the spiritual qi threads and vitality with the spiritual roots.

He does have the concept of three elements. So, he wasn't having any problem with it. But, to form a martial soul, he must call for the dead soul or spirit.

Suddenly, an idea rang in his mind. His lips curved and form a smile. He clicks on yes. The next moment, the space concept got released on its own. The devouring force of the sword increased as it sucked the vitality merged with the blood.

That vitality once again got merged with those threads. Now, his space concept covered the entire sword and those spirit threads and started merging them. Normally, it requires deep attention and comprehension to use the concept to merge them.

Because concept can generate force but we need to control that force. In Mike's case, his system was controlling the force on its own. At the same time, Mike felt his body changing a little. Blue energy was released out of his body and it spreads out wildly.

Mike didn't move from his position. He didn't know how much time seems to have passed. After a long time, a figure floated in front of him. This figure was a sword. It was a golden sword with dark stripes on it.

"Yawn! Is that the Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique? Did he also join the sect created by the master? But, why does he possess Destiny Star Spirit Physique? I thought only spirits are capable of inheriting this physique."

"But, this explains why he was able to summon me. Hmm! I think I can choose him. After losing my body, all I have is my thought. I thought I could follow the young master but it seems he has already left this world as well."

"Well, he did only visit this place because Three Swords created this sect. But, it was still bad to put me here to guard that sect. With the protection of the Three Swords, who can truly threaten that sect?"

"Humph! I will no longer guard this sect. I want to see the higher world as well. With the Destiny Star Spirit Physique and Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique, this kid has the potential to chase three swords and a young master. But, I will do my best to train him."

"Alright kid, it's your luck that I chose to be your Martial Soul."

After a few minutes of blabbering, the sword finally entered Mike's body. But as soon as he entered his sea of consciousness, the sword shouted.

"Holy shit! Can this even be true?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 267
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wow! I really reached the Martial Artist Realm. Hehe! It seems this system knows my condition more than me. But, this thing is confusing me even more. Why didn't I get EXP from killing the tiger? That EXP was from the Qi that I absorbed."

"But, if I think carefully, there is no way I could get the EXP after devouring the tiger whole. Man, I didn't expect to become gluttony."

Mike sighed as he thought about devouring the entire tiger inside the orb even though it couldn't hold it inside. Suddenly, his eyes narrowed as he sunk his mind inside his body.

"Martial Soul!"

Mike wanted to peek into his sea of consciousness but after that incident he was afraid. Instead of searching for it, Mike called for it. As soon as he felt the energy in front of him, he opened his eyes.

"A sword?"

Mike looked at the golden-dark sword with confusion. He didn't expect his martial soul to be a sword. But, suddenly he thought and it all made sense.

Normally, a cultivation technique calls for the dead soul or spirit. Even though it was his physique that called for the dead soul and spirit, his cultivation technique still had a lot of impact on it.

"Kiddo, are you dissatisfied with me?" Suddenly, a voice rang out of the sword.

Mike was startled when he heard this voice. It was a mixture of a child's voice and an adult. It felt like a child imitating the adult voice. Mike narrowed his eyes and asked, "Are you the martial soul?"

"Can't you guess? I am not just a martial soul. I am your martial soul now." The sword pouted as he spoke with a little bit of overbearing and a little bit of grief. When he first decided to train Mike, he entered his sea of consciousness full of spirit.

But, just a few seconds later, it found its place. It was at the farthest part of the sea of consciousness. The middle part was occupied with Pioneer Body. Then, it was Chaos Body. After that, it was Celestial Bloodline and Desolate Bloodline.

Then, there were Lightning Law, Space Law, and Fire Law. His elements were moved to the universe so they weren't present in his sea of consciousness. The sword was full of grief. Although it was better than those laws, their boundaries were under the Pioneer Body.

The sword can't admit itself under anyone but it can't fight the power Pioneer Body as well. So, it decided to stay away from them.

"Well, it was surprising to find a martial soul speaking to me. So, are you the spirit of an ancient sword?" Mike guessed from his knowledge of those cultivation novels and asked.

"Wow! I didn't expect you to realize that. I am indeed a sword spirit of an ancient sword. It wasn't just an ordinary ancient sword either. If it is just the power of a sword, then I was the first sword in entire existence."

"I lost my original body during a massive war between my young master and the entire ten thousand realms warrior." When the sword revealed its history, its tone was full of pride and arrogance.

"Wait a freaking minute! Are you the little black?" Only when the sword revealed his history, Mike suddenly realized that tone. He had a feeling that he learned this tone before. But, that author didn't explain the sound properly. It gave him a hard time just to recognize the little black's voice.

"You know me?" Suddenly, the little black released an innocent and confused tone. He had felt the age of Mike. It wasn't even above twenty. So, he didn't understand why Mike knew him.

"Of course, I know you. There is the biography of your young master Johnny Fenton and your master Xia Long Fei. I know you are the sword that accompanied both of them during their journeys. But, you were supposed to be black. What happened?" Mike excitedly spoke as his eyes sparkled with bright lights.

His goal was to surpass three founders. That's why he wanted to know more about them.

Hearing his question, the sword tone's slightly dead down as he spoke "I was rebuilt three times in my life. Once, it was done by my master. Then, I was remolded by Master Xiao Zhen. And, finally, the young master also remolded me for the final battle."

"When he had to protect his family from the entire ten thousand realms, he remolded me to gain the extra strength for the battle. In that battle, I was broken as well. He didn't make a new body for me saying that he wants me to protect the sect in this world."

"He said he wasn't a swordsman. Although he uses the sword, he wasn't like three swords."

"Wait! When did that war happen? Why isn't there any record of that war in his biography?" Mike shouted when the sword mentioned that war once again.

The sword shook and said "I don't know what biography you read but the war happened after the young master's son was taken away by Master Xiao Zhen. That war was a catastrophe for the ten thousand realms."

"That war gave birth to two opposing forces. One of them was Omega and another was Deviant. Young Master was the part of Deviant. Deviant was established to destroy the previous order established by the Omega and established a new one."

"Although both forces didn't die, Deviant won the war because of the young master. That war gave chance for many forces like evil and good to rise up. In some universes, evil won while in some universes, good won. The aftermath of the war was so bad that young master had to beg the System Race for the help."

"The system race helped the young master to create a virtual reality. That allowed the young master to merge the virtual world with the real world and create a new world. This new world was dominated by both forces of science and cultivation."

"Those worlds who have a high level of technologies can get access to the laws of the virtual world to get stronger. And, those worlds who have a low level of technologies could only rely on real cultivation."

"Wait, wait, wait! Wait a freaking minute! You mean the entire multiverse is the amalgamation of the real and virtual world. And, I can access the virtual laws with the specific technology?" Mike stared at the sword with large eyes as he asked.

"I think you should get your ears treated. I just said that. Your world or any other world without ten thousand realms is a mixture of the virtual and real world. The world you live in might be virtual or real but that doesn't matter. Because, your bond, your cultivation, your comprehension, everything will be real."

"In simple words, you are living in a world that has the real surroundings with the virtual laws. And, you can only access the virtual world with a certain technology. Without that technology, the people of system race won't simply allow anyone else to connect with the virtual laws." The sword spirit pointed its tip at his ear and spoke.

'Shit! That is too much information to take in. Only Xia Long Fei had the one last living being of the system race with him at first. Later, he gave another living being of the system race to his son. He must have used the Time World to grow the system race.'

'Man, I knew system race had the power to control technologies but this is still a whole new level. I mean creating a virtual world that seems literally no different from the real world. Doesn't this make every world a sci-fi world? Actually, it can't be fiction since I am living it.'

'But, this is still too much to take in. It seems Father-in-law knew a lot about the world.' Mike thought in his mind and suddenly asked 'Claire, are you also the part of the system race?'

Mike was told that she was a newly born universal spirit. That's why he was a little unsure whether she is really a system race or not.

"I am the part of System Race. Actually, system races are just the bunch of spirits that maintain the balance in the world. I am the universal spirit who manages the laws of the universes and have the ability to combine yin and yang to create chaos."

"But, some system race people are different from me. They can control the technologies. Some can use all kinds of universal laws. That's why I am not exactly the system you imagine but I am part of the system race. The system that you know is the core system of the system race. They are also known for their power to understand and manipulate anything they want."

"Their powers aren't limited to anything. That's why they were once hunted down and killed until the last one survived." Claire explained in his mind.

Mike's expression suddenly froze as he asked 'Wait, you knew this all along?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 268
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Yes, I know everything. Do you want me to explain?" Claire asked.

Hearing her, Mike was shaken a little. But soon, he shook his head and said 'Nope! It wouldn't be an adventure if I know everything right from the start.'

"Alright!" Claire spoke with a delighted tone.

'By the show my current status!' Mike commanded as a new panel appeared in front of him.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 2

Cultivation- Martial Artist- First Stage

User- Mike Tyson

Spiritual Root- Sword

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-2)

STR: 45000

AGI: 43000

INT: 10000

STM: 45000

DEF: 45000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+20000 STR), Super Speed (+20000 AGI), Super Endurance (+20000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique

Martial Arts- Space God Scripture, Chaos Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0 (Can't be used), Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy-Hold), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*3"

"Would you like to create a skill using Pioneer Physique?"

Another panel appeared in front of him as the previous panel slid to the side. Mike thought for a moment before coming to his answer.

'Currently, I possess the strength to fight Martial King. But, I can't win with ease. According to Zemin, if a cultivator fights to life and death, he will use everything he has which could be deadly. If possible, I would like to avoid to group battle.'

'The best way would be hiding my aura. But now, my body has been even more influenced by the aura of Dark Energy. I need something powerful to hide it. And more importantly, I can't try to get heaven-defying skill otherwise I might end up using my lifespan as a source of power.'

'Currently, I only have fifty years of lifespan thanks to my breakthrough. So, let's create a skill that can hide my aura, breath, and even turn me invisible whenever I want. This kind of skill can be deadly for assassination with my Space Law.'

'Alright Claire, create a skill that can allow me to hide my position, aura, breath, and even turn me invisible in daylight!'

"Skill Creation Commencing! Please wait!"

A new panel appeared but Mike quickly swiped it away. He turned his head at the sword and asked "Do you where those three swords have gone?"

"It is a world where you can't access without enough talent or strength. People like Master Xiao and Undead Ji Urhou entered that world with their strength while Master entered that world with talent. You have enough talent but I suggest you enter that world with enough strength unless you have the luck like master and young master." The sword spirit explained.

'Luck? The heck with luck! They were chased again and again. They were simply the protagonist of a novel. But, I can't argue that whatever they achieve was with sheer luck alone. As for me, I don't like taking the path of luck.'

'Only when you are uncertain about your future, the world can be fun to live!'

Mike shook his head and ignored his martial soul. Instead, he focused his mind on his body.

"Pioneer Ability- Inner World"

As soon as Mike said that, he suddenly disappeared alongside the martial soul.

"Huh! Where are we?" The sword spirit asked while swinging the tip of the sword. It was pitch black world.

At this moment, new information entered his mind. Mike's eyes were closed for a long time. As soon as he opened those eyes, purple energy burst out of it. He raised his hand and said.

"Sun! Moon! Earth!"

As he speaks, the purple energy burst out of him and condensed massive sun thousands of light-years away. But, for Mike, it felt like he was holding the sun in his hand. That was the power of Pioneer. No matter where he ends up, this world will be under his control.

Mike doesn't need to change the laws. So, he basically imagines the world as he has seen outside. But, except sun, moon, and earth, he could only create spiritual energy. He inserted the same cultivation realm as this new world while creating heaven.

The Heaven was himself but it was simply a consciousness of Mike. This way Mike can control this world without looking inside. Mike couldn't create humans. But, he created the earth as he knows. As for other things, he could only create non-living things.

He still wasn't at the level to create a living being. But, as soon as he creates this world, he jumped out of this world.

"You can create the inner world?" The Sword Spirit looked at him speechlessly and asked.

"I just awakened that ability. Well, since I have created a world. We need some people. Let's get some!" Mike said as he walked out of the stone room. Now that he has killed the tiger, they were no longer under his control.

When Mike came out of the stone room, he saw they were still unconscious. He sighed and snapped his finger, moving them to his inside world. He instructed his consciousness to control them. He asked the Martial Soul to return back to his body.

Five days have already passed, only fifteen days remained. He didn't want to waste his time. Although he would love to be their God, he didn't have much interest in them. Although he could take advantage of being a god to fuck those ladies, they weren't helpful for cultivation.

And, he already has a massive amount of blood and qi inside the Blood Orb. Not to mention, he can absorb an immense amount of spiritual qi with his new physique. He wanted to find the tower and escape this world.

"Buddy! Change into the board!" Mike spoke as he brought the wristband close to his mouth. As soon as he said, the wristband transformed into a board like a snow skateboard.

Mike released his Space Law and Lightning Law around him and stood on his board. Using the space law, he floated in the air while the lightning law protected him from the lightning bolts.

Growl!

He had just taken a flight, his stomach starting roaring.

"Damn! I need to find the food. Why the hell that tiger meat decayed so soon?" Mike gritted his teeth as he floated on the board and moved towards the sunrise. It seemed to be a new day.

After floating for half an hour, he saw a tiger walking on the ground.

'What the hell? Why are there so many tigers in this world? Tigers are supposed to be rare animals. We are supposed to conserve them. Why is this world forcing me to kill them?'

Mike sighed but his evil stomach won't listen. He had already used the Restoration Divine Ability as well. If it wasn't for the breakthrough, he would've suffered a huge backlash. Although the breakthrough balanced his stamina, his hunger didn't die.

He slightly moved his foot and floated towards the tiger. Just when the tiger sensed Mike, it turned its head back but Mike had already stabbed his spear in its neck. It was none other than the Howling Tiger Spear.

Splash!

The blood-spattered on the ground and the tiger died. He looked around and saw the lightning trees. He walked to one of them and cut them down. He knows he was being cruel to nature by cutting down trees but he can't do anything else. It's all about the evil stomach.

After that, Mike used his fire to light up the tree. But once again, it took him two minutes just to burn this tree with his fire law. By enduring the lightning for so long, these trees have generated resistance towards the fire.

After all, lightning can also generate heat. After the wood started burning, he placed two sticks on each side. Then, he made an arc at the tip of the sticks. After that, he binds the dead tiger with Howling Tiger Spear and placed it on the arc.

'I wonder if it is possible for the soul of this tiger to enter my spear.. But then my spear can be rebellious since I was the one who killed the tiger.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 269
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Burp!

"That hits the spot! A whole tiger for the meal. Nothing could be better than this. Only if I had juice as well." Mike missed his days in his home when Jenny used to cook him delicious meals. Now, he has to cook himself and it tastes just good.

After all, no one wants to say that the food tastes bad when they cook. After the meal, Mike took half an hour of rest and finally set out on his journey. Mike floated on the golden board and wandered around.

From the sky, he saw many animals living on the ground but not a single flying beast. He was quite surprised. But, he didn't ponder over something that had no relationship with him whatsoever.

After traveling in the east for two hours, he didn't find anything. He stopped for a moment and finally sat on his board. He didn't want to waste his time like this. He wasn't even sure whether that tower lies in front of him or back.

"Alright! It's time to give that a shot. It will take a few hours but that's better than searching the tower without any clues." Mike took a deep breath and folded his legs. Sitting in a lotus position, he closes his eyes.

'I have reached the Void Concept. But, I haven't perfected the Space Law. In fact, I don't think I even have the power to go beyond space right now. So, let's try to perfect it and search for the tower.'

At the same time,

"Jenny, shouldn't we wait for Olive? She has just entered the Divine Tomb." Alena shouted as she stood in front of Jenny. All of them had huge luggage while being outside the house.

"We can't. You know what's happening outside. The Titans have invaded the earth. We can't fight them. Dad already told us. We need to evacuate right now. And, you know the damn reason why Olive entered the Divine Tomb ahead of time." Jenny shouted at Alena as the anger and helplessness flashed in her eyes.

She bites her lips as she mentioned Olive. They had only left for a week and the entire earth had changed. Dark Raven slaughtered many cities in five nights and opened the gate to Tartarus. This also hastened the participants to enter the Divine Tomb.

As soon as Tartarus was opened, the evil titans entered the earth and started massacring the people. In just a week, the earth's population had come down to three billion. Most of the people who died were cultivators.

During this hell, David came forward and used the massive spaceships to save take away remaining people. He was already ahead of most people. Jenny didn't even know what her father was doing.

And, he was doing something extreme.

In front of billions of people who were inside the spaceship, a projection was displayed. In that projection, David was standing. He looked at the billions of people and asked "Do you know why we were slaughtered like that?"

Hearing his question, most people looked at him with confusion.

At this moment, David raised his hand and said "Because you people believed in gods."

As soon as his words rang on their ears, everyone bites their lips. In their mind, titans were just the myths that were killed and punished by the gods. And, when titans appeared, they believed that gods will appear as well.

They prayed. Every temple where one can attain the belief was praying. But, the gods didn't listen to their prayers.

David suddenly continued "There are two reasons why your belief in God leads to the destruction of our people. First, your belief in gods stopped your potential to awaken the spirit and get stronger. Did you forget why we survived against the Alkiwon?"

"We humans awakened the spirit and fought back. But, this time, everyone was believing the gods will come to save us and got slaughtered. Second, that god you prayed never even appeared. So, let me ask you once again."

"Do you still believe in the god that never came to save you? Do you still pray them as gods?"

Hearing his words, the entire crowd of billion people stayed silent.

"No!" Suddenly, one of the men raised his hand and shouted "I will never ever believe in god. He didn't come and help us when we needed him the most. Why should we believe in him?"

He had a scar on his left eye.

Suddenly, another man raised his hand and shouted "Me too! I will never believe in god. We were dying out there. But, no one, except you, no one came to help us!"

"Me too!" "I don't want to believe in god." "I want to awaken the spirit." "I want to get stronger." "I want to take revenge for my family."

One and one, thousands, and millions and finally billions of people from hundreds of thousands of spaceships shouted.

"But now, we are not strong. We need to escape. We need to run away. Let's venture through the universe and find a safe place for us. Then, we'll develop and take back our home."

"For Earth!"

"For Earth!" "For Earth!" "For Earth!" "For Earth!" "For Earth!" "For Earth!" "For Earth!" "For Earth!"

After David nods his head, the projection disappears. At this moment, David was standing at a private spaceship with few people around him.

Suddenly, a lady walked near him holding a tablet in her hand, and spoke.

"Sir, the barrier has been breached. Our barrier wasn't strong enough to hold divinities for more than seven days."

David shook his head and said "It's not that our barrier wasn't strong. It's just that we didn't have that much energy to spend on that barrier. That's why we need them."

"Umm….. Sir, will this really work?" The lady couldn't help but feel flustered and ashamed as she asked. Normally, she had hundred percent faith in him but this was still truly unbelievable.

"Haa! I know this is a little hard to believe but there was once a person who fought billions of people to gather enough energy to blast the entire nebula. As for the barrier, you already know we are putting fifteen percent of the energy into that."

"Just five percent was enough to stop those gods from arriving at the earth for seven days. Do you really think they can break this barrier? And, did you forget who will be inside the barrier? Titans versus Gods! It can be the most epic battle in history."

"It's pity my son-in-law will miss this scene." David sighed with a sad expression. Seeing this, the lady couldn't help but shake her head. She knew he was the reason why he will missed this scene. She turned around and walked away to focus on her job.

At this moment, David turned his head at the earth and thought.

'Jenny has already visited that land. I am glad that I successfully made a deal with the Evil God just when those bastards betrayed me. Mike, you got a lot more potential than you think. Living in a world where people still believe in rules will only make you weak.'

'You have the potential to surpass those three swords. So, be a nice little pawn and improve your strength! Only you can help me, slaughter deviants. What is evil? What is good? These people think my daughter is evil.'

'True Evil God, thanks for giving me a perfect pawn to raise the condition where I can exterminate both forces with his life. I just need to be a little be crueler to use my daughter as a pawn. But, I guess this is the only way to get my revenge.'

'Omega, you set up the order to maintain the multiverse. Johnny, you ended the previous order and established a new order just to leave the multiverse. Both of you have put my life through misery. I hated Omega and now I hate Deviants even more.'

'And, I'm coming. Soon, this universe, then the next, and after a few more, it will be the turn of the entire multiverse. I will bring true chaos. I will destroy the orders you set up. I will turn this multiverse upside-down.'

As David remembered his past, his eyes turned red. Deep killing intent gathered at his eyes but didn't release even a bit.

"Boss, Gods, and Titans are now facing each other. Would you like to visit them?" Suddenly, one of the workers inside the spaceship shouted.

In an instant, the red eyes transformed back to black. He turned around with a smile and asked "What about my daughter and other girls? Did they leave?"

"Yes, boss! They have already entered the private spaceship." The spaceship attendant shouted.

"Alright, boys and girls! We have worked very hard to reach this point. From now, there is no turning back. We are going to turn the world upside-down. Activate the Barriers and send me back to earth!" David shouted but suddenly his eyes glanced at the side.

"So, did I win the bet, Van?"

"...… Yes, you did." A man stood next to him. He was tall and had a slender body. He was wearing weird white clothes. His upper shirt was made without buttons, leaving his chest bare.

"Now, there won't be many humans believing in gods. You always wanted that, didn't you? Since I fulfilled your dream, now it's your turn to accept the loss." David smirked as he looked at the man.

The man next to him sighed and slowly got on his knee. He bowed down his head.

"It will be my pleasure to serve you, Master!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 270
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

On the surface of the earth, there were massive titans moving around. Each titan had a height starting from twenty feet to a hundred feet. These titans weren't just massive. They also had enormous strength to crush and create a crater in the earth with each step.

Those titans were moving around in a group. Suddenly, a group of people appeared in front of them. Most of them were humans as they looked exactly the same. But, their dressing style was ancient. The man standing in the middle was covering his body with a single white sheet of cloth.

"God of Lightning, Zeus! You finally dare to appear. This time I am going to shred you in half." Suddenly, the hundred feet titan spoke as he straight at the man in the middle. The killing intent rose from his eyes.

"How dare you speak with such insolence to father? I shall retrieve your head as an apology." Suddenly, a man holding a sword floated in front of Zeus and shouted at the titan.

"Ares, come back! I am the only one who can fight him. Isn't that right, father?" Zeus called out the man holding a sword and looked at the titan. Although the titan in front of him was his father, he didn't have a single trace of love and affection for him.

Ares unwillingly retreated to the back. At this moment, Zeus stood in front of other gods and shouted "Humans have prayed us for a week. Some mice dared to block our way. But, now we have successfully come back to earth. Let's slaughter these evil titans and save humanity."

"Save humanity!"

"Save humanity!"

Followed by his words, every god shouted as they released their powers.

Bang!

Suddenly, the lightning gathered at the hands of Zeus. He released the lightning from his hand and struck Cronus. With his strike, the great battle started on earth.

At this moment, a man was watching their battle from the high sky. David looked at them and sighed "Hush! They really don't care about others. Johnny, you and omega were the same. Every one of you never cares about the consequences of your battle. You really think making the world combined with a virtual world is enough to fill the scar left by that battle."

"You people just want supremacy but none of you care about the ordinary people. Am I bad? My actions took the life of billions. I know stealing one dollar is still a crime. But, can my action truly be called bad in the bigger scheme of things."

"While I am doing everything for the prosperity of humanity, you people fought like there is no tomorrow, not caring about the zillions of creatures that died in each universe. Deviants, you betrayed me just because I wanted to stop the war?"

"I wasn't participating for you. I was doing it for every creature living in the multiverse that was sick of Omega's order. Omega, Deviants, I will drag both of you down. First, let's start with my first plan."

As he spoke, David looked at the golden barrier that was covering the earth. The impact of the battle can be so strong that it could easily destroy the planets nearby. This barrier was the only way to prevent such destruction. After all, there are people living on the moon and mars as well.

David didn't move. He waited above the barrier for a long time till the battle ends. The battle took three days to end. The Gods won as he expected. Titans were outnumbered. These titans were simply the earliest giants that fought against the humans in the past and were sent to Tartarus.

David didn't give a crap about the gods and titans since these were the title they inherit from the myths and legends. And, whether they die or they die, it doesn't matter him. The only thing that interests him is the success of his plan.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

"Father, it's the same barrier that blocked us previously. And, this one seems powerful than before. It was able to withstand the impact of the battle." Suddenly, a speedster moved from the thousands of miles away and appeared in front of Zeus in just a few seconds. He spoke hastily with a pale expression while hiding his right hand.

"Sigh! You are the God of Speed, not the God of Battle. You should already know the power of this barrier. Don't try to injure yourself." Zeus looked at his hand through his body and said. He could easily see through Hermes.

"What should we do now, father? We tried to break this barrier before but we couldn't succeed. Are we going to wait once again?" Ares held a sword. The blood dripped from the sword as he advances towards Zeus and asked.

"It seems this barrier was created to keep us inside. But, who is doing such stuff? And, how did he get his hands on such barrier?" Zeus tried to look outside the barrier but he couldn't do anything. He was worried that someone was planning against him.

Clap! Clap! Clap!

Suddenly, everyone turned their head towards the source of the sound. It was surprising to hear the clap in such a depressing situation. Above them, David floated with a big smile on his face.

"Congratulation for exterminating evil!"

"Who are you? Is it you setting up this barrier?" Ares suddenly floated towards David and shouted with an angry expression.

Suddenly, Zeus appeared in front of Ares and looked at David. His eyes narrowed as he said, "Are you the one who transported humans away from the earth?"

"It seems God Father is not just a name. Well, none of that matters anymore. If I hadn't used this barrier, this war would've killed the people from moons and mars. It seems God Father proceeds on war without thinking about the victims." David spoke with a big smile but each of his words revealed deep killing intent.

"Humph! So what if some puny humans die? They will be just a sacrifice for good to win." Ares deeply stared at David and snorted.

Hearing his words, the smile slowly fades away. David raised his finger and said "I really want to kill you. Unfortunately, I don't have that strength. So, I have no choice but to use this barrier."

"There is no need for a god to exist who doesn't care about his followers."

As David said, the barrier suddenly moved. This gained the attention of everyone. They looked at David who had regained is smile. Seeing their faces, David spoke "You know that barrier from a previous time. It was working on five percent power. But, it was enough to hold you, people, for seven days."

"This current barrier was specially created as a Battle Royale Arena. This time, the whole earth is your arena for the battle royale. And, all of you are the contestant. Each second, the barrier will shrink and in just seventy-two hours, the entire earth will shrink to the size of an atom."

"Of course, you are free to test it if you don't believe it. But, I guess you won't have that much time. But, there is a piece of good news. I have set five escape routes in a certain position of the barrier. But, each escape route will only allow a single person to escape."

"That means there are only two outcomes. Either all of you die, or five of you live!"

Hearing his words, the gods looked at each other with disbelieve. At this moment, Zeus raised his head at him and asked "Why are you doing this? Even if what you told us is true, there is no way you could do all this without proper planning."

"Two hundred years ago, Key of the Tartarus was stolen. We never find where it was. You planned all of this. Using the blood of humans on earth to generate enough power to access Tartarus. With the key, you freed them and brought catastrophe in the earth just so that you can bring all of the human gods in the earth."

"I want to know the reason why?"

Hearing his question, David revealed a big smile. Just when he was about to speak, one of the gods holding a bow shouted "You are the David. You are that human who barged in the meeting of the Council and got support from the first ancestor Van. D"

"The first ancestor trusted you. Why are you doing this to humanity? You should know the consequences of our death. Whether it is this galaxy or other galaxies, monsters and alien races will prey on humans. Without us, there will be no one to protect them."

Clap!

Suddenly, David clapped and stopped the god from speaking. He looked at him and said "So, you attended that council. Other gods should be like you, curious about humanity rather than enjoying their life in their heaven."

"But, you are wrong. If we do not have gods, we will advance even more. You are not gods. You are simply humans who have reached Divinities. You are using the belief and trust of mortals for faith. Without you, we can surpass our limit."

"Isn't that right, Van?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 271
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A man slowly appeared beside David. His eyes glanced at the gods and said "You are right. When I allowed the Universal Spirit to access the Virtual World. I was hoping the humanity to rely on the spirit rather than faith."

"Do you think you can become truly stronger through the virtual world? Do you think earning EXP is enough to stand out of the crowd? What is true? What is false? The realms are nothing but names. If you have body, spirit, and willpower, you don't need to be a god. You can crush a god."

"When you have faith in someone, you can never see the reality. I hide you inside the darkness but also gave you to tool to break the darkness. And, the process to do so only made you stronger. But, I was wrong. In the end, you still chose the path of faith."

"What makes us human? Adaptability! We can adapt to any situation. If humans didn't have god left, then they can push past their limits, access the spirit, and achieve the power to fight not just the aliens and monsters of our universe but every other universe."

"Do you think the Innate Ability works on another universe? If it wasn't for the fact that you have realized the laws and have stronger body, you would be nothing but a common person in the outer universes. Do you know why did I even allow the universal spirit to access the virtual world?"

"Because I believe the humanity. As the first human who had broken the void, I believe my people can follow my footstep and lead humanity outside. But, millions of years have passed, and none of you could ever reach the void, much less breaking it."

"Do you think resources are the reason why you aren't able to reach Void? Then, what about me? What about the first group of people who shattered the void to get the chunk of Primordial Chaos. We didn't have resources. We didn't have techniques. We didn't have innate ability."

"All we had was willpower to train and spirit to fight. We rose without any support, techniques, innate ability but we still reach the Void and break it. I don't care what other races think. They might be arrogant. They might be just lazy. Or, they might be just a bunch of idiots."

"What I wanted was to lead humanity out of the universe and explore the bigger world. But for the past million years, you people have given me nothing but disappointment. Three hundred years ago, I made a met with him."

"If he can make humans truly lose their faith in gods forever, I will be his slave. And, he succeeds. I knew the consequences of the death of divinities from the human race. But, he gave me hope. He showed me a world where humans can grow and become stronger with spirits."

Clap! Clap!

"Alright! Alright, it has been a long speech, Van. Just say that you wanted the gods to disappear without harming the human race. That's it! Let's begin the Battle Royale!" David and Van disappeared after David started the Battle Royale.

Around them, the barrier was getting closer and closer with each passing second.

Outside the barrier, Van looked at David and asked "So, are we really going there?"

"Of course, we are. I want to raise an army. And, what could be the better place to train an army than a world where time moves a thousand times faster than the normal world." David smirked as he looked at the spaceship in front of him.

"But, I thought that man destroyed that world as well." Van looked at David with confusion as he asked.

"It seems you have ventured outside the universe very recently." David looked at Van and asked.

"What do you mean by recently? I visited the multiverse millions of years ago." Van looked at David with confusion and asked.

"You are wrong. You visited the multiverse just a few thousands of years ago. But, when you returned, you return back in the past which has been changed into your current present. Do you really believe the multiverse war will just destroy some universe and some forces?"

"You truly don't know the effect. Let me tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a universe that was completely isolated and normal. On a certain planet, there was a small village. In that village, a boy left to play with his friends."

"After an hour, he returns back just to find that his parents are dead. And, their grandchildren are now the family elders."

"In another universe, there was a child who got stuck in a hole due to his friend's prank. Nobody came to help him until midnight. He slept there and the next day, someone actually came and helped him get out of the hole. He was very curious about the person who saved him but that person was already gone. When he turned back to his home, he found small huts instead of tall buildings."

"He didn't find a paved road. He didn't see people walking in fancy clothes instead of using leaves to cover their bodies. Later, he found that he has returned thousands of years back."

"In another universe, there was a man who had lost his parents in a car accident ten years ago. One day, he returns home from college, only to find his mom cooking dinner for him. After an hour, his father came back from the work. Nothing else changed but his dead parents' back to life.

"Time, Space, Life, Death, in the war, people manipulated these laws to so much extreme that they changed the world. I hated that. I hated people using these laws to change the reality of others. Some change might be good but not all."

"That man might be crying with happiness after seeing his dead parents come back to life. But, the child who has lost his parents couldn't be happy. War always leads to destruction. Even though I was just a chubby kid who didn't have a good body and knowledge, I learned some valuable lessons in my life."

"I wasn't him. I didn't have the ultimate destiny. I didn't have a certain goal. I didn't have a cunning mind. I just wanted the world to be happy. But, when I wandered around the world during that war, I realized just how cruel my best friend has become."

"I realize just how careless and uncaring the people can be. My best friend wasn't wrong. He wasn't bad. He wasn't evil. He just wanted to protect his family and find his father. But, that made him wrong in my eyes. Just because you have power doesn't mean you should be careless and uncaring."

"There are zillions of creatures living in each universe. They have their families, their relatives. They might not have the power but they have a happy, sad, miserable, pleasurable, all kinds of the moment in their life."

"We shouldn't disturb them. But, that didn't happen. That war changed many things, changed the world, changed the multiverse. You think you are born millions of ago. Even you universe was just born some hundred thousand years ago according to the true timeline."

"That's why I needed to step up. I did. But, I got killed by my own people. He didn't even care about me when I died. They thought I betrayed him. But, was I? I was just speaking for the common zillions of creatures."

"So Van, I need your strength. Your talent might be lower than three swords but with my help, you can reach higher. I need your help to create an army that defeats my enemies. I want to reset the multiverse."

"So, will you help me?" David turned his head at Van and spoke with a smile on his face.

"You already know the answer otherwise a cunning person as you would never reveal everything to me." Van smiled as he stared at the black space. He was very much surprised to learn this much about the world.

Although he believed that David was a reincarnation, he didn't believe David was a good guy, especially how he uses everyone as his pawn.

"By the way, I still couldn't understand one thing. Why did you send your son-in-law to another universe? Even if he was here, he couldn't have done anything major, right?" Van suddenly turned his head at David and asked.

David shook his head and said "He was improving too slow. I wanted him to pace up. Even with Virtual World, he only reached the Commander Realm in two months, especially with his talent. That little guy only works hard when he is forced to."

"And, what could be better than a world where even the slightest misunderstanding can put his life on the line. During that time, I made some changes in his brain. I couldn't make him smarter but I could at least make some changes in his dopamine."

"Previously, he was only excited in cultivation whenever he felt he was losing to someone. But now, he gets an urgency to improve every single second. That's all I did. With that mentality and his talent, I believe he can improve at a rapid rate." David explained.

"But, then why do you need him? I mean you are preparing an army.. Is there a specific person that you and the army can't defeat?" Van asked curiously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 272
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"No, but I don't want the pointless death of my soldiers. Mike might not be Xia Long Fei but he is still a person with that much talent. Once he realizes that he needs to be cruel, he will be able to slaughter an entire army on his own."

"He is the heir of Omega. They will do everything to have him. While my daughter has a big relationship with Deviants. And, they will do everything to protect her from Omega. Because Omega had already got something that can prevent Deviants from winning the complete control."

"If they get my daughter as well, they can easily start another war to take back their control. But, they aren't taking my daughter for show. They will kill her once they get their hands on her. Well, at least seal her if she can awaken her bloodline completely."

"Wait-wait—Wait, you mean Jenny is from Deviants and Mike is from Omega. And, since both of them are in love, they will fight against Omega and Deviant?" Suddenly, Van interrupted him and asked.

"You are half-right. You see, True Evil God and True Sage aren't part of Deviants or Omega. It's just that Deviants got a way to control True Evil God and True Sage got no choice but to be the part of Omega."

"After they sealed True Evil God, True Sage didn't help Omega which is why Omega didn't win. After all, Deviants still had my old best friend. If Deviants gets their hand on my daughter, then they will get a huge force to make their order solid."

"But, Omega gets my daughter, they will either seal her or kill her. Either way, it will be bad for my daughter. In this situation, Mike had no choice but to either help her or abandon her. If he wants to fulfill his goal, he must help her."

"That's how I am using him. In truth, I am not using him rather using my daughter to manipulate him. Of course, if Michel successfully finds that, he will be a great help to me as well." David sighed with guilt. He didn't want to manipulate his daughter but this was the best and optimum way to his goal.

"Wait, Michel! Isn't that the name of that celestial who recently awaken his bloodline and successfully left the universe? Unfortunately, he is not a complete human." Van was surprised when David suddenly mentioned Michel.

"Yeah! And, we are going to visit him soon. Man, it was a good thing that I gave him the address to that place and also gave him the way to become the Lord of Heaven of that universe." David spoke as he slowly moved towards the spaceship. Behind them, the earth was slowly shrinking.

"Wait a minute! You mean he is in the universe like Time World?" Van suddenly appeared in front of him and asked

"Not quite right! Time World is unique because of its flow of time compared to the outside world. But, it's Time Law that makes it unique. When that man destroyed the Time World, the biggest fragment of the Time Law collided against one of the universes."

"This universe is completely isolated from other universes. He wanted to enter a certain dimension to get the cure for his wife unfortunately failed. When he returned back injured, I gave him a chance to devour the source of our universe."

"It was an easy power with a certain cost. With his current injuries, he can't enter this universe. That source was something to make him the Lord of Heaven. But, I didn't want him to be Lord of Heaven of this universe."

"So, I gave him an address to that universe while telling him the location of other few celestials. After he found those celestials, he left this universe and entered that universe. I did everything for two things. First, I wanted him to control that universe."

"Second, I asked him to owe me three favors that he must return. In that universe, there is a medicine called Nine Tribulation Blood. It was the blood of an ancient celestial that couldn't be killed. He was driven to madness because of that. He traveled several universes, several worlds, just to find a way to kill himself."

"He made many families. In the end, he forged an essence that can kill himself. He also gave a certain amount of that essence to other celestials. Unlike other celestials, his soul was also invincible. In that universe, he left some trials."

"As long as a person completes all the trials, they will receive his Nine Tribulation Blood. Michel has crossed a few trials and understood the core meaning behind that essence and created God Slaughter Overlord Fist Essence Art."

"Now, he just has to complete all the trials and get that blood. Then, he can heal his injuries and set out to enter that dimension in order to search for the cure. Since Elizabeth is cursed, normal medicine or celestial bloodline can't heal her."

After David explained, he sighed. After hearing his entire explanation, Van took a deep breath and raised his thumb.

"You are amazing."

"Hahaha!" Hearing his praise, David bursts into laughter and entered the spaceship.

At the same time,

Mike opened his eyes with a mysterious smile on his lips.

"Finally, it took so damn long." He clenched his fist with his blood pumping out with lots of momentum. He suddenly turned his head to the sun and saw it just above his head.

"Wow, you comprehended the Space Law to Perfection just three days." Suddenly, his sword martial soul escaped his body and shouted with amazement.

"What? It already has been three days. Damn! I took so long just to comprehend it." Mike's expression instantly changed. He bites his lips and smashed his right fist to his left palm.

Hearing his words, the sword suddenly walked near the tree and yowled "He said three days are too long! I want to stab myself in his body. Does he even hear himself? It takes months to comprehend laws. And, he is comprehending the law to the perfection in just three days."

"Even young master wasn't able to do it. He needed the help of different treasures to comprehend laws."

Unfortunately, Mike wasn't listening to him. He wanted to use teleportation but suddenly felt it wouldn't a good idea to waste his stamina. He took the martial soul back to his body and stood on the golden board as it flew towards the sky.

He still needs to move nearly two thousand miles to reach the tower. It seemed he was truly far away from the tower. Riding the board and using the Space Law to float it, he could move at the speed next to the spaceships.

But, it still took him two days to reach the tower. The tower was very tall. He had seen it from fifty miles away. The tower was circular and each floor seemed to be isolated with only a single window. Surprisingly, there was not a single lightning cloud above the tower.

Of course, this was only because the tower itself was above the clouds. The clouds were spread around it. Mike slowly landed a mile away from the tower. He wasn't sure whether it was good to fly right towards the tower.

And, he didn't know whether there will be more people here. After all, he had seen some more people on the way. And more importantly, these people had comprehended lightning law and cultivated it to a certain extent.

The tower was in the middle of the valley while he was on the top of the hill. He had to climb down. There were many forests which were quite unexpected since this was literally a hill.

Whoosh!

While walking down the hill, suddenly an arrow passed near his head. If Mike hadn't moved his head on time, it would pierce his head. At least, this is what the attacker believed but suddenly in front of him, Mike disappeared.

"Hello, Miss! Would you like to calm down and talk?" Suddenly, a golden dagger appeared in his hand as he touched the neck of the attacker with it and spoke in her ears. He had caught her waist as he applied Sex Aura and Hands of Pleasure in an instant.

"W—who are you? Hmmm!" The girl was wearing a black robe and had a bow in her hand. She had a cute pale face. The girl panicked when Mike appeared behind her and shouted. But, soon, the pleasure hands moved around her waist, making her moan.

The sex aura instantly acted and affected her. But before things could get hot, Mike stopped his Sex Aura and Pleasure Hands. He spins her body and made her face him.

"Hello! My name is Mu Chen. I accidentally entered this place. I want to go to that tower and leave. Would it be possible?" Mike retracted his hands and spoke with a polite expression.

When the girl looked at Mike, her heartbeat raced. Her face turned crimson red when she looked at his red eyes and silver hair with an incredibly pale white face. His well-built body and polite smile instantly caught her attention.

"Hello, miss!" When she even forgot to reply and stared at him, Mike grabbed her shoulders and shouted at her face.

"Ahh! Sorry!" The girl suddenly woke up from his call and glanced at his face, asking "Brother Mu, I know this might be a little fast. But, I have fallen in love with you. Would you take me as your dao companion?"

'Holy shit!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 273
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wait a minute! I know that I am handsome and all but this is still too sudden. Just think for a minute and then decide whether you truly like me or not." Mike was speechless by her confession. He did expect some reaction since he used the Sex Aura and Pleasure Hands.

But, it was still too sudden and direct. He couldn't even decide whether she was speaking on lust or with a logical mind.

Hearing his words, the girl suddenly retracted her head. Seeing this, Mike understood that she spoke on lust. At least, he thought but before he could think more, she leaned closer and shook her head.

"I know I sound like slut. But, you are handsome and strong. And, I want to be your dao companion, not a wife."

"Well, if you say so but I still need to enter the tower." Mike sighed as he nods his head. As much as he wanted to bang her, he can't do it in the open hill. There were less trees than the hairs around his heavenly rod even though he had shaved clean.

"Okay, but let's make a Dao Companion contract just in case." Saying so, she took out a contract same as Zemin.

Seeing the contract, Mike thought 'Does every girl in the cultivation world holds the contract with them? Is it some kind of sale coupon?'

Mike sighed and completed the ceremony by giving her the nickname 'Babe'.

"Alright, can we start talking about the tower? I would like to know more if you have some more information. And, can you tell me your name?" Mike asked as he looked at her helplessly. He didn't understand why she was clinging to him.

As if he will ever leave her without pounding her.

"My name is Xiao Je. Tower is a holy trial placed by the Lightning God. He was also the creator of this pocket plane. You can enter this place from the sect in my place. By the way, how did you come here?" Xiao Je asked curiously as she held his arms near her breasts.

"Oh! I came here in an accident. So, which sect are you from? If I remember correctly, it is one-time luck to enter this place." Mike asked as he remembered Zemin's words. According to her, entering the Lightning Spirit World was rare. And, she didn't mention any sect giving a chance to enter this world.

"Oh! I am from the Heavenly Sword Sect. It is in Shen Wu Continent. By the way, what's your cultivation? I am Martial Lord but I still can't sense your strength. And, did you just use the Space Law for teleportation?" Xiao Je started asking questions with curiosity.

Mike didn't want to reveal his real cultivation but he was still shocked by her. He couldn't help but ask with doubts "How old are you? You don't look that old."

Now that, he looks at her, she looked quite stunning. She was short but extremely cute. She had pale white skin and short crimson hair. Surprisingly, her panties were flashing out when she didn't wear the robe.

It was a design of her clothes. It was connected with her stockings and the upper cloth. It was also made to cover her breasts and some of her stomach. Though, she had a white small shirt that only reaches her breasts.

As for her breasts, they were small.

"Hehe! Are you attracted by my charm? For your information, I just reached eighteen yesterday." Xiao Je giggled as she revealed her body and took out her robe.

"That's good! I had enough with someone less than eighteen." Mike sighed a breath of relief. Just when she tried to ask about someone that he mentioned, Mike interrupted her "So, tell me more about the tower. And, all the benefits I can get from it."

"Kiss me, first!" Xiao Je pouted when she didn't get a chance to speak her thoughts. She leaned closer as she brought her lips closer to Mike and closed her eyes.

Mike noticed her lips shaking a little. She was building up the courage just to kiss him. He smiled and slowly leaned down to kiss her lips. When their lips touched, Xiao Je's body trembled a little but Mike suddenly caught her and didn't let her escape.

Her lips were too soft and rosy. Mike got hungrier after tasting it. Although he didn't understand why he got a boner by a small kiss, he didn't have time to think about it. He snapped his finger and both of them disappeared.

They appeared inside a room. It was a big castle that was built at the corner of the hill. It was the same as Atharos's castle but it was less gloomy. Xiao Je didn't feel anything. Her eyes were closed when Mike savored her lips.

He slowly caught her waist and lifts her in his arms. After lifting her, he started getting wild. Using the perfect moment, he slides his tongue inside her mouth and touched her tongue. At first, Xiao Je hesitated but later she got used to it.

She let her tongue get played by Mike. And, she was enjoying his touch. He was playing with her body, touching every part and playing with it. He slowly gets to her pink cave as well. But, before that, he stops the kiss and puts her on the bed.

"Haaaaa!" After the kiss stops, Xiao Je takes a deep breath. She felt the soft mattress beneath her. Her eyes moved and saw the four walls making her confused.

"Just a little trick of mine. It will be much more comfortable and safe than the forest. Are you ready to lose your first time with me?" Mike asked as he caught her chin and forced her to look at him.

At this moment, Xiao Je hesitated for a while. Although she wanted that, when she actually got it, she felt it was too fast. Everything seems to be moving too fast. She gathered up her courage and nods her head.

"Alright! Let's start with clothes." Mike said as he took off his shirt. Xiao Je sat on the bed and removed her clothes. It was all connected to each other. She just had to pull some locks and then her body was completely revealed in front of him.

Mike couldn't help but gulp after seeing her beautifully crafted body. Those boobs were small but seems very juicy. He wanted to suck them hard.

"Don't stare so much! They are small." Xiao Je pouted when she saw his gaze fixated on her boobs. But, her words only inspired the head in him. Mike immediately took off his pants and underwear, showing his ten inches semi-erect heavenly rod to her.

"I like them." Mike jumped above her and pressed her below. He moved his hand and wrapped his hands around her boobs. She was nearly the same as Alena. But after fondling's Alena's breasts, it has developed well.

"Will it fit?" Xiao Je gathered her courage and held his heavenly rod asking herself. But, her voice was loud enough for Mike to hear it. He rolls to the side and moves her above him. He catches her waist and moves her upside-down.

"Since you feel that it won't fit, let's make it fit. To decrease the pain, we must make each other wet. I will suck your pussy while you suck my dick. But, don't bite it." Mike said as he sticks out his tongue near her pink cave.

His tongue touched the outermost layer of her pink cave.

"Ahhh!" Just with a simple touch, Xiao Je moans as her body trembles. She bites her lips and stares at the big rod in front of her. She was thinking about whether it can enter her mouth or not. She felt conflicted and pleased at the same time.

Mike was slowly moving his tongue inside her. That was trigging her pleasure point. But, she was also busy whether thinking about his heavenly rod. Finally, she decided to try it by licking it just like Mike.

She stuck out her pink tongue and licks the tip of the heavenly rod. Her tongue was soft and smooth. Mike can feel each touch of her tongue. She tried to move her tongue around his tip. With each movement, she found that the size of his heavenly rod was increasing.

"You are doing great. Just move your tongue around and slowly suck it. It won't fit inside so just try to take as much as you can." Mike moves out his tongue and spoke. He was feeling good by the touch of her tongue.

Xiao Je got encouragement from his words. She nods her head and licks around his rod. She didn't stop at the tip. She went all the way to the bottom and even swallowed his balls. After that, she moved to the top and opened her mouth.

She slowly moves her head down as she swallowed more. At this moment, Mike moved his tongue deep inside her pink cave and curved his tongue, hitting her G-spot.

"Hng!"

Her body suddenly trembled and her teeth clenched around his heavenly rod.

"Ow!" When she bites his heavenly rod, Mike screamed with his mouth inside her pink cave.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 274
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Damn! Thankfully, I trained my little brother otherwise you would have peeled off its skin." Mike shouted as he stood beside Xiao Je. His little brother has shrunk back to his normal size.

"Sniff! Sorry, I didn't mean to bite it." Xiao Je bursts into tears when Mike shouted at her. She also felt ashamed and guilty for biting his little brother.

"You didn't need to cry, It was your first time. So, it does make sense. Your resistance to pleasure is too low. You are supposed to be a cultivator." Mike couldn't help but sigh. He didn't want her to feel guilty after all she wasn't wrong here. He didn't expect she wouldn't be able to control herself in such a small pleasure.

He had only hit her G-spot. He hasn't even gone to the main course yet.

"My master only taught me how to bear the pain. He didn't tell me that I have to have the resistance to pleasure." Xiao Je stopped crying after his words and pouted. With those tears, her expression got extremely cute.

"Who is your master? Is he strong?" Mike suddenly got curious about her master and asked.

"Of course! My master is one of the strongest cultivators in our sect. When he reached the Half-Saint Realm, he slashed the tribulation in half with a single strike. People call me OG King." Xiao Je's eyes sparkled with pride as she explained about her master.

"OG King? That's a weird nickname, don't you think? Why is he called that?" Mike almost burst into laughter after hearing that nickname but controlled. This nickname felt weird but he was still shocked after hearing his deeds.

Slashing the tribulation in half with a single strike was nothing but a miracle. Suddenly, his eyes narrowed as he asked "Wait, Half-Saint Realm? Is it above the Martial Saint Realm?"

"Yes, above Martial Saint is Half-Saint Realm. Then, it is True Saint Realm, Great Saint Realm, Half-Immortal Realm, True Immortal Realm, Golden Immortal Realm, Immortal King Realm, Immortal Emperor Realm, and Immortal Monarch Realm."

"Unfortunately, I don't know the cultivation realm above that. Normally when a cultivator reaches Half-Saint Realm, he must leave the mortal world and ascend to the Saint World. Finally, once a cultivator becomes a Great Saint, he must leave the Saint World as well."

"Although they leave the mortal world, my master can still contact me and teach me a lot. He is currently a True Saint. And, he wants me to ascend to the Half-Saint Realm without ten years so that he can leave the ascend to Great Saint Realm and leave the Saint World."

"Although we can communicate with a world apart. If it is two worlds apart, then it's not possible. In this way, he can keep protecting me." Xiao Je explained.

"Hmm! That's interesting. But I don't understand why a disciple of a True-Saint who should have seen dozens of handsome and powerful men like me could instantly fall in love with me." Mike suspiciously gaze at her as he asked.

As a novel reader, he knew just how arrogant and selfish the girls of this world can be.

"Hehe! You caught me. I chose to be your Dao Companion because you have the Space Law. When you teleported, I felt the power of Space. I have been trying to comprehend it but it's very hard." Xiao Je stuck out her tongue and spoke.

"Are you serious? Is this space law that important? Well, it is powerful but you are losing your virginity to someone you don't even know. Don't you have a person you love or someone of that caliber?" Mike asked as he speechlessly looked at her.

He didn't understand why he always meets girls who are hungry for power.

"Do you think you can reach the Martial Lord Realm with other distractions? Of course, I have met other guys who look as good as you or even better. But, they didn't have Space Law." Suddenly, Xiao Je's tone started dying.

She bites her lips and continued "I was born with Heaven Rank Spiritual Root but I didn't have any talent for a specific path. When you don't have a talent for specific, you need to find something that can help you excel others."

"There are might less than ten people who has the learned the Space Law. Only a Martial Emperor can learn the Space Law. But, even how many Martial Emperors are there in the world? Thousand, Ten Thousand, just Shen Wu Continent holds more than five billion people."

"And, all of them are old. They will never accept a person like me who is eighteen as their Dao Companion. With my cultivation talent, I can only become their concubine. And with several oaths they force us to make, we would be tied as slaves."

"Compared to that, you are hundreds of times better. Believe me, if you reveal your Space Law and ask a lady to be your Dao Companion, they will agree unless they have Divine Spiritual Roots. But, even they won't hesitate to be your Dao Companion especially if they can only excel at the weaker law."

Mike listened to her words with his mouth wide open.

'So, I can fuck a girl just by showing my Space Law. And, Divine Spiritual Roots! They got to be the ones who are worthy to be a Heavenly Maiden. Damn! This world is the best and also the worst. Unlike our world, here power determines everything.'

'These girls do not care about losing their virginity to a random person just they can reap some benefits. But, this is also a good thing. When you add the harem of three thousand girls, you can't aspect to have the romantic relationship with everyone.'

'And, I just need to knock them down for complete obedience. Well, at least I hope that's the case.'

"By the way, do you have any other Dao Companion?" Suddenly, Xiao Je asked, bringing him back to reality from thoughts.

"Dao Companion? I have one." Mike honestly reply. There was no need for him to lie. He liked this world and the Dao Companion system.

If it is in his previous world, a woman normally doesn't get a good view if she has multiple relationships. If a guy bangs a girl, it is glory. But if a girl bangs that boy, it's a shame. A guy can fuck ten women which makes him a true man.

But if a girl fucks ten boys, then she will be a slut. That's how it works on the earth. Even though people are highly educated, they still do see a girl as a slut if she has multiple relationships.

But, here is a little different. People might still feel that way, they can't say the same thing especially their partners. A girl can fuck a boy one hour, and the next hour, she can fuck another guy. And, both of them can't complain or call her slut or whore.

That's the meaning of Dao Companion. A relationship for benefit. As Zemin said, this is even better than marriage. Because, if a girl fucks another boy after marriage, he will be a cuckold. And, there are high chances of betrayals during sex in marriage.

But, due to the contract of Dao Companion, partners can't attack each other openly. That means unless the partner foolishly trusts their partner, they can prevent themselves from death. To Mike, this doesn't matter much.

Unlike others, he fucks ladies for pleasure, cultivation and other things are the just aftereffect. Of course, he doesn't think that way but when he does start sex, he consciously or subconsciously makes a woman reach nine heavens.

And, if you can do something like that, there are fewer chances that a girl will choose another partner. Instead, they will do everything to get your attention. Word can be a weapon. Intense sex can be a weapon as well.

Mike believes if he can shake the soul of his sex partner, she will fall head over heels for him. True Love is one thing but if you don't love somebody from your soul, intense sex will be enough to win your heart.

This is how the world works. People ride trains, cars because walking is painful and hard. People search for pleasure. Whether it is from drinking alcohol or other bad stuff, riding sports cars, playing games, or even fighting.

And, the same thing applies to sex. People search for pleasure in sex especially women. Although men also search for it, it is quite rare since they are the ones pleasuring women. Mike fucks lady to provide them pleasure and in return, he can cultivation benefits with pleasurable night as well.

Except, he doesn't mind if it is the day.

"Who is she? Is she good? What is cultivation? Which sect is she from?" Once again, Mike suddenly came out of his thoughts when Xiao Je started pouring several questions over him.

But, suddenly Mike smirked and caught her hands while falling above her in the bed.

"Let's not talk about someone else and start our little fun, okay?" Mike leaned closer to her ears and whispered.

His hot breath blew in her ears and turned her red. With her eyes closed tightly, she nods her head.

:::::::::::

Shout out to our biggest contributor kingog. I hope he won't mind the author using his WN name for a character. Continuous support from readers whether it is for buying Priv or giving away gifts always inspires me to write more and better. I will try to shout out to the top ten contributors maybe each month or maybe in two weeks.

Thanks for reading my book and supporting me!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 275
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike slowly moved near her pink cave and sticks his tongue inside her. This time he didn't let her suck on his little dragon. Even Yufei didn't bite him while doing so.

"Ahhhh! Ohhhh! Yeahhhhhh!"

"Mu Chennnnnnn! Yourrrr tongueee isssss sooooo....."

"Gooddd! Yesss!"

'Come on! I have only stuck my tongue inside. I haven't even moved my tongue. Damn! She must have lots of wet dreams. Wait a minute! Do the girls even have a wet dream? Well, I can only say she must have kept her pussy intact for this long without even masturbating.'

'Damn! No wonder, she wants to dual cultivate with me. I can feel that she has tried her best to excel at something but didn't achieve the result. She must have wasted her time there and used her remaining time for cultivation.'

'From her words, I believe she is from a better continent. She must have a lot of resources to cultivate, unlike Zemin. According to Zemin, perfect synchronization of cultivation technique and martial soul can make the cultivation speed faster.'

'Since she doesn't have any specialty, her cultivation technique and martial soul must be very different.'

"Ohhhhh! Mu Chennnnnn! Something is coming out!"

"I can't control it. Argh! It's cominggggggg!"

A large amount of white cum fell on his face. When Xiao Je realized that, she hurriedly took out a cloth and wiped it away.

"I'm sorry! I'm really sorry! I didn't mean to pee in you. I'm sorry!"

Listening to her apology, Mike sighed and stopped her hand. He licks his lips and said "This is not your piss. It is called Organism. It only happens when you feel intense pleasure in your body. If you hadn't bit me, I would have come in your mouth as well."

"Although our organisms are a little different, when you are having sex, it is bound to get dirty. I mean, I am sticking my tongue inside your pussy from where you piss. And, you licked my dick from where I piss. Sex is dirty, babe."

As he said, he kissed her lips wildly. Since she was already wet, it was time to get to the main action. He held the little brother in his hand and slowly put on the edge. He turned his head at her face. Her eyes were shut tight.

Not only that, she was even trembling hard. He went near her ears and whispered "Don't worry! It's gonna hurt for a little time. After that, you will be just fine."

Xiao Je bites her lips and nods her head. But, suddenly Mike closes his eyes. As soon as his eyes closed, he runs the Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art. The name sounded a little overbearing but it gets the job done.

'This time I must make some changes. Originally, I was taking the wrong path. Instead of using Chaotic Path towards Harmony to absorb energy, I must develop the Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art to absorb the energy and transform my body into a living dual cultivation weapon.'

'Currently, I have developed this technique into two parts. One is the cultivation and another is thrusting art. In the first stage of cultivation, I train my heavenly rod to get harder. Now, in the second stage, I must train my heavenly rod to change its size.'

'As for the martial art, the first thrust should be enough for now. I don't need the second thrust. At least, there hasn't been a woman who can stand the first thrust without losing consciousness. I can develop the second thrust later. Now, I must focus on size manipulation and how to absorb the energy without using Chaotic Path towards Harmony.'

'I can simultaneously focus on the first and second stage while fucking her. So, it would be a good idea to learn how to absorb the energy from surrounding.'

Changing the size wasn't an easy idea. He had to break his emotions into two parts. One is excitement while another is full of uneasiness. If he can balance these two aspects completely, he can change the size of the heavenly rod without losing the hardness.

Of course, he still hasn't thought about increasing the size bigger than thirteen inches. He feels that would be enough for now.

'She is incredibly cute. I want to fuck her but that will hurt her to the extreme. I want to fuck her but that will hurt her to the extreme. I want to fuck her but that will hurt her to the extreme.'

Repeating the same thought in his mind, he slowly started changing the size of his little brother but maintaining its hardness while doing so was harder than he thought. He got no choice but to kiss her heavily while thinking of hurting her.

Her lips, neck, cheeks, ears, breasts, every upper part of her body were kissed by him just to increase the hardness while thinking of hurting her. He couldn't believe he was taking so long just to fuck her.

Just when he kissed her stomach, he found his little brother has shrunk to seven inches while maintaining its hardness. As soon as that happened, he slowly pushed his little brother inside the pink cave.

Now, this little brother was really little. Not just in length but also in thickness.

"Fuck! You are so tight!" Mike grunted when he realized the tightness of her pink cave.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" When Mike tore her inside, Xiao Je cried out loud, screaming in his face. Mike suddenly felt thankful that he changed the size of his little brother. Otherwise, she would have passed out.

Mike stops for a moment. He didn't want to hurt her even more. Unlike Lauren, she hasn't accepted Mike. Unlike Liora, she wasn't under the effect of lust. But, she was more like Tori, curious and excited. But unlike her, she didn't have much pain resistance capacity.

"Are you ready? I'll move slowly." Mike whispered as he looked into her eyes.

At this moment, tears were falling down her cheeks. But, she still nodded her head.

'Forgive me OG King for making your disciple cry! But, don't worry I will give her the heavenly pleasure soon.'

Mike apologized in his mind as he slowly moved inside her. He didn't even hit the womb and retreated. Soon, he continued and retreated like the previous time. At this moment, he was trying to realize the way to absorb energy from the surroundings.

But, nothing worked. He didn't even get an idea of how to absorb the energy from the surroundings without a Chaotic Path towards Harmony. Finally, he had no choice but to give up. He knew he can't achieve everything just because he wanted.

Just achieving the size manipulation was already good enough. So, he quietly use the Chaotic Path towards Harmony. He wasn't willing to lose this opportunity to cultivate. This was the best part of the dual cultivation.

He doesn't need to worry whether he will have a good foundation or not. He just needs to keep fucking ladies to improve his cultivation. Of course, this doesn't mean he will strengthen his foundation. As long as he maintains other things such as his comprehension of laws and physical strength, he is okay to improve his cultivation as much as he wants.

Just as he expected, Chaotic Path towards Harmony could easily absorb the spiritual qi from the surroundings while he couldn't. The qi reaches inside their body and transforms into the yin qi inside Xiao Je and yang qi inside Mike.

During all this time, Mike had increased his speed to half of his best. Because just this much speed was enough to make Xiao Je die in pleasure. Her expression became extremely slutty as she stuck out her tongue and moaned.

"Ahhhh! Ohhhh! Yeahhhhhh!"

"Mu Chen, yourrrrrr hotttt thinggggg isssss inside meeeee."

"Youuuuu areeee insideeeee meeeee."

"Weeeee areeee togetherrrrr."

While trembling with excitement and pleasure, Mike could feel the emotions in each of her words. But, he was still confused why was she so excited? Suddenly, he realized that his Destiny Star Spirit Physique was absorbing the spiritual qi from the surrounding.

And, at this moment he realized her speed of absorption wasn't losing to him. Suddenly, he remembered her words when she said that her cultivation speed was very high even though she didn't have any special talent.

All she had was a heaven rank spiritual root. But, he was confused. Although there might some differences in resources, Zemin still had everything that could excel her cultivation, unlike Xiao Je. But, why was Xiao Je Martial Lord while Zemin was only Martial Grandmaster?

Slowly but she was beating Mike in qi absorption. Of course, it's not just about absorbing qi that makes Destiny Star Spirit Physique, one of a kind. This physique can make a connection with spiritual qi and also store an unlimited amount of spiritual qi inside his body.

Suddenly, a notification appeared in front of him.

[Your EXP is full. Would you like to level up?]

Only then does he realized that he doesn't have the follow-up method to cultivate inside Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique. Before he could answer, the yin and yang qi merges together to form the chaos qi.

Suddenly, another panel appeared in front of him.

[Your EXP is overloading. Would you like to level up?]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 276
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'That must be one of the weirdest sex I ever had.' Mike trembled when he remembered his time with Xiao Je. It was exhausting. He never had to hold this back. Too much pleasure? He wouldn't want that.

Every time she feels pleasure, Xiao Je screams. It wasn't bad but when you continuously scream instead of moaning, it kinda hurt your ear. She had the loudest moans.

Too less pleasure? He wouldn't want that either. The only situation where she feels less pleasure is when Mike smashes his heavenly rod with max speed. And, when that happens, she cries like hell. Tears pour out of her eyes.

Basically, he had to maintain his pace for the entire six hours. He couldn't stop or come even if he wanted. His cultivation was smoothly improving.

Mike sighed as he looked at Xiao Je sleeping tight. He turned around and closed his eyes.

In an instant, he appeared under the blue sky. He opened his eyes and glanced at the sunset.

'I need to create the laws here. This world allows me to change the nature and the laws of the outer world. Since I was able to give spiritual roots to those people, I can do this to my people as well. But, I wonder if there will be any consequences to my action.'

'It might not be a good idea to manipulate the laws of nature like this and move to the real world. If heaven or gods detects the manipulation, they will definitely hunt me down. And, I can only make Spirit Rank Spiritual Root.'

'I got to be more careful about my actions inside inner world. I don't think anyone would come forward to save me. I need to improve my strength and find the best way to escape every dangerous situation. I have already used the Skill Creations.'

'I need to find a way to use Pioneer Body to create the skill without evolving it. It is my body. Why do I need to evolve it to create the skill every single time? For now, I need to find the Pioneer Body. The best way would be opening my sea of consciousness.'

'After Xiao Je wakes up, I should ask her about the sea of consciousness.'

Mike nods his head as he makes a plan on his head. He inspects the entire inner world. As a creator/god of this world, he can see everything in front of his eyes even if it is happening on another side of the world.

'It seems I must find a way to create life inside my inner world. I wonder if the system can help me? ...…. No, I must find a way on my own. Three Swords seem to be way above God of Sex. If I keep on relying on the system, I can never surpass them. Hmm! Wait, Little Black, he has the vast knowledge. I can ask him.'

As soon as this thought rang in his mind, Mike pulled out his Martial Soul. The golden-dark sword appeared in front of him.

"What happened, Mike? Do you need me for anything?" The Little Black spoke out of the sword.

"Little Black, I need your help. Can you tell me how to open the Sea of Consciousness with my current strength?" Mike asked.

"Huh! What do you mean by opening the sea of consciousness with your strength? Your strength is already comparable to a Martial King. Even a Martial Artist can easily open the Sea of Consciousness." The Little Black spoke in a weird tone.

"Wait a minute! Then, why did I almost die when I tried to open it previously? My strength was obviously higher than the Martial Artist." Mike looked at the sword in confusion as he asked. He clearly remembered his mother's words. She said only the emperor can open the sea of consciousness.

"You must have tried opening it forcefully. That's not how it works. You must use the spiritual qi. Unlike most of the other energies, spiritual qi is righteous and purest. It can easily help you open the sea of consciousness because not a single part of your body will try to reject the spiritual qi." The little black explained.

'Oh! That must be the reason why mom said only the emperor can open it. After all, Dark Energy is considered as the negative energy in this world. And, if little black is right, then it must because dark energy is repelled by the sea of consciousness.'

'Then, I should use the spiritual qi.' Mike thought as he sat crossed leg in the sky. Closing his eyes, he manipulated the spiritual qi out of his sword dantian. It slowly floated inside his veins and reached near the brain.

The sea of consciousness is a deep space hidden inside the human body. The only way that leads inside the sea of consciousness is from the forehead. He had to closely make his spiritual qi flow into the veins of his forehead.

This was rather hard considering the focus he needs to use. After focusing it completely on the forehead, he finds a small vein that starts from his forehead but doesn't have the end.

At least, he couldn't locate the end which is inside the sea of consciousness. To enter the sea of consciousness, he must open it. To see inside the body, one needs to concentrate his own mind inside it. Feel the flowing blood to sense the direction and imagine the whole structure in his mind. It acts the same as the normal senses except it creates the image that is measured by the blood, not by eyes.

That is why he can't see some places that he doesn't have the proper knowledge of. Of course, that is only for the earlier stage. Now, he can see inside his body with the Space Law. And not just spatial coordinates but also every object or part.

The spiritual qi flow from the veins and slowly disappeared but soon, a strange crack appeared inside his forehead. This time he panicked. This crack was happening in the space that he can't even see. If it affects his brain then it would be a problematic situation.

Fortunately, nothing bad happened. As soon as the crack appeared, the entire space collapsed but, not single dust or energy come out of it. That was just an imaginary space. At this moment, Mike felt something different.

He found a new sense in his body. This helped him locate everything not only inside but also outside. It spread nearly thousands of miles. Mike knew this wasn't the Space Law or the power of the creator. It was simply something else like the sixth sense.

"Woah! Little Black, is this the spiritual sense? I can see everything within thousand miles, no, ten thousand miles, I can everything from the tiniest details to the biggest object. It feels like reading aura. But, I can see things rather than just reading the movement of aura with my eyes closed." Mike shouted in excitement as he tried to check everything with his spiritual sense like a child who got a new toy.

This excitement was coming from the experience he suffered when he peeked inside his sea of consciousness.

"Wait! Did you just say ten thousand miles? Really? But, you are just a Martial Artist. Even though your strength is comparable to a Martial King, your spiritual qi is the qi of a Martial Artist. Is it because of those monsters inside your sea of consciousness?" The little black speculated when he got amazed by his spiritual sense.

Listening to the little black tone, he could feel the fear. He suddenly got curious and peek inside the sea of consciousness. This time he wasn't blocked or repelled. He moved around the black space until he saw a giant purple body.

And, Mike himself had transformed into his own body. It didn't work like sense inside the sea of consciousness rather like the physical body. But Mike still felt small in front of the Purple Body.

It was so massive that Mike's spiritual sense felt like an in front of it. Next to it, there was a dark body. It was nearly massive as the purple body. Mike could see the figure just like him but in the bigger size. He curiously walked near it and touched the feet of the purple body.

Originally he thought the purple body was just an image or projectile but when he felt the hardness of the feet, he suddenly withdrew his hand. But, this made him even more curious. He touched it once again and this time he kept his hand on it for a few minutes.

But, nothing happened. He tried to touch the dark body as well. But as soon as he touched the dark body, he felt an overbearing force pushing him to his knees.

"Damn! What's with this body? It feels like the Chaos Body but then why is it pushing me down while Pioneer Body did nothing?" Mike asked himself in confusion as he pulled his hand.

"What's happening?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 277
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What is going on? Nothing else reacted except that dark body. I am sure that it is related to Chaos Body. Whenever I touch it, I feel some kind of power moving inside my body. But, what is it? Claire, show me my current status if something has changed."

Mike spoke as he puts his hand on his chin.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 2

Cultivation- Martial Artist- Ninth Stage

User- Mike Tyson

Spiritual Root- Sword

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-2)

STR: 45000

AGI: 43000

INT: 10000

STM: 45000

DEF: 45000 (Additional DEF- Copper Skin)

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+20000 STR), Super Speed (+20000 AGI), Super Endurance (+20000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art (Incomplete)

Martial Arts- Space God Scripture, Chaos Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, and Vanishing Aura

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, and Pioneer Eyes

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0 (Can't be used), Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*3"

"Quest No.1- Win the Heart of two Heavenly Maiden (2/2) –Completion

Reward- 9th Tier God Rank Innate Ability, 9th Tier God Rank Bloodline, Pioneer Body Evolution, Chaos Body Evolution, and System Evolution

Time- 2 Years

Punishment- Death of Two Heavenly Maidens"

"Quest No.2- Defeat the first genius of the Universe- Incomplete

Reward- 9th Tier God Rank Innate Ability, 9th Tier God Rank Bloodline, and Chaos Body Evolution

Time- 2 Years

Punishment- Cultivation Reset"

"Holy shit! Doesn't that mean Olive has finally become the Heavenly Maiden? Wait, why did it happen so fast? There should be more time, right?" Mike looked at the screen panel with confusion as he asked himself.

"Did something happen? Why am I getting the bad vibes?" Mike's heart suddenly clenched when he remembered Olive. He didn't understand why this happened but his heart was telling him to save her.

"Damn! Did something happen to her inside the Divine Tomb? But, Lucas was with her. His strength has increased a lot and he also got chosen by that Origin Sword Heart Technique. I hope nothing bad has happened to them." Mike gritted his teeth but couldn't do anything about it.

He couldn't go there on his own. And, he can't contact them either. He can only wait for them or at least get stronger. That's his plan for now.

Suddenly, his glance fell on Physique Ability. It was a new section in the system panel. Mike closed his eyes and murmured "Domineering Force!"

As soon as he said that, blue energy burst out of his body. This was unlike his qi or spirits. It was a pure force.

"Brute Force! Wait no, this is domineering force. But, it feels same as the brute force. Doesn't that mean I can replace the Brute Force with it? Wait, I can go back to my previous fighting style. Damn! Damn! Chaos Overlord Body, you gave me another surprise."

"No, it was the only one reacting to me. I didn't know that it wanted to give me this ability. But, bloodline didn't do the same thing. Celestial Bloodline gave me healing powers while Desolate Bloodline gave me Desolate Fighting Art."

"Pioneer Body gave me Skill Creation, Pioneer Eyes, and Inner World. Chaos Overlord Body made my physical strength soar, and I thought that was it. But now, it seems it can also give me some abilities. Hey, Claire, you didn't add the Physique Ability previously. What was the reason?" Mike asked.

Claire slowly moved out of his body and said "Cause I forgot!"

"Woah! Who are you?" Suddenly, the sword spirit who was confused by Mike's babbling jumped near Claire and asked. Claire was still a holographic projectile.

"My name is Claire. I live inside Mike's body. You are our new neighbor huh!" Claire's turned her head at the sword and spoke with a smile. In fact, she could enter his sea of consciousness. It would be fair to say she lives within his sea of consciousness.

But, Mike still can't find it. There are many neighbors but some of them do not talk to her. Two of them would be Pioneer Body and Chaos Body. They are the aloof top-level boss that doesn't like wasting their time talking about something irrelevant.

"Hello! My name is Little Black. Are you also from the system race?" Little Black asked since he had the same feeling as he felt with Linger, the system of Xia Long Fei.

"I am just a part of the system race. You do know about the system race sub-faction?" Claire asked.

While they started their own conversation, Mike's eyes fell on the quests panel. He felt good after accomplishing the system quest. He thought for a long time and came to a decision.

"Claire, since the innate ability doesn't work in this world, is it a good idea to have a new one now?" Mike asked.

"Now that you mentioned it, you don't need the innate ability if you are not going to follow the cultivation of that universe. I can try to make some modifications to give you the fitting reward. But for now, do you want to evolve the system?" Claire asked.

"Hmm! That's what I was thinking. How long will it take?" Mike understood some restrictions that she had and made a decision. He could go with other evolution but a surprising event might happen during his evolution.

And, sometimes having a better system reassures his evolution.

"It takes two days," Claire spoke as she went back to his body.

"Start the System Evolution!" Mike commanded.

"Starting the System Evolution!"

"Time Remaining- 47 hours/ 60 minutes/ 59 seconds"

As the countdown began, he took back the martial soul to his body and returned back to the castle. He had wasted another two days inside the castle. Although he could pause the time, it would affect others. So, he didn't want to do it unless necessary.

And, Mike wasn't even sure whether pausing the time will affect him or not.

As he returned back to the bed, he wakes Xiao Je up. Only then he realizes that he was naked the entire time. Both of them wear clothes and exist in the Inner World.

"Mu Chen, what kind of world was that? Can you go in whenever you want?" Xiao Je asked. She was curious and excited when she found that was a completely different world.

"It was a world created by my ability. By the way, let's hurry to the tower. I have lost a lot of time." Mike spoke as he held her and floated. Although she could fly, he could move faster with his Space Law. He instantly teleported himself near the tower.

But, he appeared behind the tower. He found some people were waiting outside the tower and appearing in front of them would be a bad idea. As soon as they appeared behind the tower, they moved towards the front.

On the way, Mike asked, "Did you come with someone else?"

"Yes, there are two senior brothers and a senior sister with me. But, I think they have already climbed up. Tower has seven floors. Each floor has big as that forest. And, once you cross the forest, a portal appears and you can move to the higher floor."

"At the same time, you can receive the complete rewards once you reach your best. That means your progression will be registered inside the tower and you will get a reward based on your progression. Once you decided to quit, you can take your reward and use the teleportation array to teleport back into your kingdom." Xiao Je nods her head and explained.

'According to Zemin, I will be teleported to the northern sea of the Zhen Xu Continent. It seems our kingdom doesn't have the teleportation array-like them.' Mike thought after listening to her.

Suddenly, a question rang in his mind as he asked "By the way, do we have to cross the floor individually or as a team?"

"That is based on your decision. If you can split the reward, then you can cross it as a team. But, if you don't want to split the reward, you can choose to cross it individually." Xiao Je replied.

"Hmm! What about our opponent? Will it be based on our cultivation or our battle strength?" Mike nods his head and asked.

"Of course, it will be based on battle strength. Some people can have low strength while having a strong body or soul. They could easily cross the tower if they were given the opponent based on their cultivation."

"By the way, I never get a chance to ask. What is your cultivation realm?" Xiao Je curiously asked. She never get a chance to see his cultivation so she thought his cultivation was low.

"Check yourself!" Mike turned off his Vanishing Aura and said. Since she didn't have Eyes of Truth, it would be impossible to detect his dark energy.

"Martial Artist Peak?"

"Ahhh! I am Martial King?" Xiao Je screamed.

"You just realized?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 278
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You didn't find out earlier?" Mike weirdly looked at Xiao Je and asked. Suddenly, he realized why she wasn't talking about the cultivation this while and it made sense. Normally, a person would try out by this huge leap in strength.

"I didn't notice my cultivation. I was thinking about that world and embarrassed about the last night." Xiao Je shook her head with her mouth wide open. She didn't dare to believe it even now. Suddenly, she asked "Wait, what about the Space Law? Are you going to teach me or not?"

"What do you mean by teaching? You already know about it" Mike looked at her with a strange gaze and spoke.

'It seems that night was truly intense for her. She couldn't even properly remember anything that happened during it. Poor girl, I can totally feel her. Holding on from masturbation until you reach eighteen is a hard job.'

'But, I am thankful that I am not the only one with such condition.' Mike sighed a breath of relief and thought.

"Yeah! I learned the Space... Ummmm!" Xiao Je jumped up in the air and shouted but suddenly Mike caught her and kissed her in the lips. He didn't want her to reveal the Space Law especially in a place like this.

She could attract the problem for them. But, she was totally surprised by his kiss. As soon as Mike let her go, she turned red and kept her head down. She wasn't angry for kissing her out of nowhere, in fact, she was happy. But, she wasn't still ready for surprises like this.

Mike didn't care and kept on walking. He was a little surprised when he spotted people looking at him with astonishment. Suddenly, he turned around and noticed that Xiao Je hasn't moved at all.

He couldn't help but go back and hold her hand and drag her in front of the tower. As soon as they reached in front of the tower, a voice rang on their ears.

"Junior Sister, where were you for two days? We couldn't find you at all."

Mike and Xiao Je turned their head back and saw two boys and a girl approaching them. Two of the male had good looks but one was slightly tall while another was shorter. Instead of looking at them, Mike's eyes fell on the girl.

Unlike those boys, the girl was perfect. She had beautiful silver hair as well. Her eyes were big and golden. She was wearing a red-black dress that tightly covered her body. She was tall as well as slender. Her lips were red as an apple that he wanted to taste.

"Hello, beautiful lady! This is my little present for our first meeting." Mike instantly appeared in front of her and gave her a red rose.

"Hello!" The girl was started when Mike suddenly appeared in front of her. At this moment, Mike didn't even care whether anyone realizes him using Space Law. In fact, he wanted to impress her with that.

Suddenly, Mike got the killing intent from the sides. He turned his head at the two boys and just smiled.

"My name is Mu Chen. It would be my pleasure to know the name of a beautiful lady such as you." Mike instantly turned his head at the girl and asked.

"Ehh! Sorry, I have something to talk to Junior Sister Xiao. Would you mind moving to the side?" The beautiful girl heed no interest to his flowery words and replied with a smile.

Mike speechlessly moved to the side and realized just how useless he was without the Sex Aura and Hands of Pleasure.

"Junior Sister Xiao, where were you? We were searching for you all this time. You know it wouldn't be a good idea to cross the floor by yourself. That's why the sect sent four us." The beautiful girl slightly leaned down and spoke while holding her shoulder.

"I am fine. I am not a little kid. I can go whenever I want. And, I was with my Dao Companion." Xiao Je felt frustrated and shrugged off her hands. She instantly moved near Mike and clung to his arms while speaking.

Mike silently smiled and glanced at them but suddenly his smile was frozen. The beautiful lady was looking at Mike with red eyes. She instantly dashed near Mike and tried to separate Xiao Je. But suddenly, she realized it wasn't possible.

No matter how much she tries, she couldn't move her at all. Xiao Je smirked at her as her eyes widened.

"You have reached Martial King Realm?" The beautiful girl spoke with wide eyes. She couldn't believe her eyes. She knew her junior sister was only at the fourth stage of Martial Lord Realm. And now, she was in the Martial King Realm.

It was too fast for anyone to believe. Not to mention, only two days have passed.

"What? How is that possible. You are Martial Lord just two days ago." Suddenly, one of the boys shouted and gained the attention of everyone. Martial King Realm was not rare but for someone of her age, it was certainly unbelievable.

"Hmm! Hmm! How about that? I said that I would reach the Martial King Realm before you three and here I am." Xiao Je lifted her head with her nose towering up. She spoke with great pride.

"Is it because of dual cultivation?" Suddenly, the beautiful girl turned her head at Mike and tried to spy on his cultivation. But, no matter how much she tries, she couldn't see his cultivation. Suddenly, she thought of his cultivation and slightly leaned near Xiao Je, whispering in her ears.

"Junior Sister, I don't want to break your relationship. But, you should know that some old perverts take the face of the young man to make a relationship with young girls like you and later use you as a cauldron."

"Ahem! Beautiful lady, I can easily hear you." Mike cleared his throat and spoke with a helpless expression.

'I didn't use the spiritual sense?' The beautiful lady finally used the spiritual sense and shouted.

'Nope, you didn't. And, I don't think he is an old man. And, do you think even a Martial Saint can improve my cultivation to this much? And, the reason why I cultivated this fast was because of Heavenly Cauldron Body.'

'His cultivation technique was really unique. It allowed me to urge the Heavenly Cauldron Body and increased the spiritual qi absorption speed. That was the only reason why I was able to reach Martial King. By the way, Senior Sister, if you want I can help you become his Dao Companion as well.'

'He might not be an old pervert. But, he is a pervert nonetheless. When we first met, he used the power of lust to influence my mind.' Xiao Je's eyes suddenly hide the deep trace of cunningness as she spoke.

'Then, you still make him your Dao Companion?' Xiao Je's Senior Sister spoke with a helpless tone. In her mind, her junior sister was a witch, or rather a virgin witch. Using her charm to make boys give up resources for her and kicked them out.

She piled the mountains of resources of herself and cultivated with a skyrocketing speed even though many things were holding her cultivation back. Her Heavenly Cauldron Body could absorb the immense energy at an insane speed but only when there is enough spiritual qi around her.

'I had no choice. He wasn't someone with huge piles of resources. And more importantly, I never aimed at his cultivation. I have only focused on Space Law that he has comprehended. But, of course, I can't say the same thing now.' Xiao Je replied.

'Space Law? You mean he knows the Space Law. Wait, when he moved previously, I felt some change in space. Was that the Space Law?' Xiao Je's senior sister asked with the tremor on her heart. She couldn't help but glance at Mike with crazy red eyes.

'Huh! Did I do something wrong?' Mike was surprised by her eyes as he asked himself.

'Yes, he knows the Space Law. And, not only that, when you ride his dick, you will feel the most intense pleasure that you have ever felt. My pussy is still shaking even right now.' Xiao Je spoke.

'And, I am not going to believe your second line. I know just how weak you are to the pain and pleasure. And, I have four Dao Companion. I have tasted more dicks than you. It must be because that was your first time.' Xiao Je's Senior Sister shook her head and replied.

'I am not lying. I know that was my first time. But, I am not lying about the pleasure. I was moaning like a crazy bitch so much that I completely forgot about the cultivation. And, I don't even know how he passed his comprehension of Space Law to my mind.'

'And, the worst thing is I can only use it but not tell anyone. I don't know the basics rather my body and soul do. So, even if I want to tell you, I can't explain it. Don't give it more thoughts Senior Sister Bing. You already have four dao companions. It won't be a problem to accept a new one.' Xiao Je tried to make her senior sister accept Mike as her Dao Companion.

Except for her master, there are few people whom she can trust. Her senior sister was one of them. She knows just how hungry for power her senior sister is. But, even so, her senior sister had loved her the most and given many of her resources.

'Hmm! Alright, then help me get him! I can't just confess to him right now.. I really want to know whether your words are true or not and also taste the dick that took our sect's witch's virginity.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 279
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Hmm! The atmosphere has changed. I can smell the lust from her and other girls. Jeez! Just how precious is the strength to these girls? But, on other hand, strength is the only way to rise up especially in this world.'

'I guess my little brother won't have much rest for a few days. But, I don't have damn time for that. I need to leave this world. Although I can improve my cultivation with the help of Ascending to Godhood System, I still need the follow-up stages of the Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique.'

'With the follow-up method, I can strengthen my physical strength as well as my swordsmanship. Though it hasn't helped me a lot, it is always good to be prepared.' Mike thought to himself when he sensed the lustful aura bursting around him.

He can easily guess the reason. To reach the Martial King from the Martial Lord Realm in just two days is not something that can be achieved easily. Even if the person is at the ninth stage of Martial Lord Realm. It would still take a long time.

He sighed and walked toward Xiao Je and spoke "Let's enter the tower!"

Xiao Je nodded her head and suddenly turned her head at her senior sister and glared. Her senior sister got startled but didn't move. She wasn't a flirty girl. She just accepted her suitors as a Dao Companion to improve her cultivation.

Xiao Je sighed and looked at Mike, speaking "By the way Mu Chen, this is my senior sister. Her name is Bing Lan. Please forgive her rude behavior. She isn't good with strangers and also worried about me."

"Ahh! Bing Lan, what a beautiful name. No wonder, she doesn't want to share. Just her name is enough to make most of the man fall in love with her." Mike instantly pressed his flirt mood. Even though he knew his flirting was nowhere enough to get Not to mention, neither she nor he wants to flirt all the time.

That would be the waste of time. Although Mike knew they were already lustful towards him, he didn't want to change his attitude and become a cold and unapproachable person. Instead, he wants to approach her and finish this business quickly.

He wasn't going to maintain the romantic relationship with her if she doesn't want it. Both are like friends with benefits. She wants the Space Law. And, he wants to fuck her and improve his cultivation.

Bing Lan was surprised by his flowery words. She instantly understood that both of them had the same objective. And, the more thought, the more clear she got. Mike was flirting with her in front of his Dao Companion. If it was a relationship of wife or lover, he wouldn't have done that unless he can't see her cultivation.

Anyone can have their harem. But, a common man can never have a cultivator in his harem. First, a cultivator will never fall for him. Second, once a cultivator joins his harem, she will instantly dominate it or clear his harem.

If a Martial King wants to have a harem, he will not look for Martial Emperor or even Martial King. The best he can get would be Martial Lord unless he is a top-level genius. But, if a Martial King wants a Dao Companion, there might be some chances to have Martial Emperor as his Dao Companion if he has something that can benefit Martial Emperor.

After all, both party can cancel the contract whenever they want but only when both of them agrees. And, being a Dao Companion doesn't restrict anyone unless they go against their Dao Companion, so they can completely forget about the contract and move on.

Because if they don't want to have sex, their dao companion can't force them.

As soon as they understood each other, Bing Lan smiled at Mike and said "I apologize for my rude behavior, Brother Mu. How about we enter the tower together? We split the reward in exact portion."

"Of course, it would be my pleasure. But, I don't think your fellow agrees with this proposal." Mike silently glanced at two boys and spoke with a smile. He knew they were showing off their killing intent on Mike.

But, they didn't dare to do anything. His guess was Bing Lan rather than Xiao Je even though the latter is now much stronger. But, their reaction to Xiao Je was a little different. He didn't understand why they had an ugly expression when she mentioned him as her Dao Companion.

It wasn't a hatred against Mike rather an unwillingness for that to happen. Mike wasn't able to see through her memories. He could find her comprehension but not the actual life memories. Whenever he tries to get that, he is blocked by her strong soul power.

He knew the cultivators had stronger soul power than others. This made Mike unaware of Xiao Je's identity as a witch in the sect. There is a difference between Bing Lan and Xiao Je. Former wants to increase her strength and doesn't care whether her partner gets benefits or not.

Latter wants to increase her strength as well but without leaving anything for her partner. She was just a greedy fellow who wants everything for herself. And, to a certain extent, she is successful. The only thing that was keeping the disciples safe was the fact that she was a virgin.

Until then, most disciples won't take an interest in her unless they can become her Dao Companion. But, there are some disciples, especially new disciples who become interested in her and finally ended up being her slave.

But now, Xiao Je was no longer a virgin. That means she could easily make any disciple as her Dao Companion and steal his cultivation. Although Bing Lan dual cultivates with people, she doesn't use something that only benefits her.

She was a top genius but didn't have a strong background, unlike Xiao Je. This means if she does something wrong, the sect won't hesitate to punish her. If she steals the cultivation of the male geniuses, the sect won't stand by and do nothing.

But on Xiao Je, it was a little different. She was like a princess in the sect because of her master. And, most of the older disciples won't fall for her. The only new ones will fall for her and the sect normally doesn't care about the new disciples.

Although there are rankings for the new disciples, most of them only catch the sect's attention when they progress faster. And, with Xiao Je's act, nobody can progress faster.

This is why they were worried.

Although Mike was confused, he didn't ask. He simply turned his gaze at Bing Lan and waited for her reply.

"How about this? Xiao Je, Brother Mu and I will enter the tower as a group. And, Brother Lu and Brother Lao can enter as another group. We will reunite at the fourth-floor door and climb together." Bing Lan didn't even look at Lu and Lao while speaking.

From this along, Mike understood she was another girl with the same thoughts as Xiao Je.

"But Sister Bing, shouldn't we go together? That is why the sect sent four of us." Lu suddenly spoke as he glared at Mike with hatred.

"Of course, I know what sect told us. But, we all know that reaching the fourth floor won't break a sweat for us. That's why I am telling you to reunite together at the fourth-floor door." Bing Lan looked at Lu and Lao with disappointment and said.

She knew they were simply jealous but she didn't care about that. They will never get a chance to become her dao companion. Bing Lan turned her head at Mike and said "Brother Mu, let's go!"

As she signaled Xiao Je to follow up, three of them walked towards the tower. This tower was massively tall and that's what confused him. How could a tower taller than clouds have only seven floors? He was excited to enter the tower as well.

At this moment,

In a forest filled with trees, two people were running away from a group of wolves. One of them was a boy while another was a girl. The boy was holding the girl in his back while holding a sword in his hand.

"Damn! Where is this place? Why can't I use the ability energy?" The girl was none other than Olive. The blood was dripping from her arm and her legs were injured as well.

"Don't know! I thought we entered the portal that led us to the earth." The boy was none other than Lucas. He was bleeding from the corner of his lips. He had a scar on his left cheek as well.

"What do you mean by that? We are on the earth." Olive shouted as she felt distressed. She closed her eyes and tried to feel ability energy but she was still unsuccessful.

"Then, why is there a darn stair in front of us?" Lucas shouted as he jumped up the stair. As soon as he reached the stair, he turned around and saw the wolves stopping their chase.

"Damn it! Where are we?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 280
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

<Welcome to the Tower of Lightning God>

<Would you like to enter alone or as a team?>

<Solo> <Team>

As soon as they entered the tower from a door, they appeared in a white space. Suddenly, the blue panels appeared in front of them. Seeing those panels, Mike suddenly got interested. He didn't think he would see a system panel.

"Is this also your first time?" Bing Lan asked him when she saw his interest.

"Yes," Mike nodded his head. He knew this was the first time for Xiao Je as well.

"Since this is your first time, let me introduce the tower to you. The tower has unknown numbers of floors but currently, only seven floors are successfully conquered. Okay, conquered might be overrated since only team person has ever reached the seventh floor."

"They believe there are more floors in this tower. But, just the seventh floor was unpassable. Once you enter the tower, these blue boxes appeared. We don't know how they appeared but apparently, they record our every move."

"So, there is no such thing as cheating inside this tower. Let's keep it simple for now. I will explain more when the time comes." Bing Lan spoke as she clicked on the team.

<Scanning...… Scan Complete! Three Challengers Detected!>

<Scanning Power Level..... Scan Complete! Martial King Power Level Detected>

<Please enter the Advance Grade of First Floor>

As soon as those panels appeared, three doors appeared behind them as well. Each door had a word labeled at the top.

"Basic" "Intermediate" "Advance"

"We should give up." Bing Lan spoke while biting her lips. She knew just how difficult the advanced grade was. She knew the only reason behind this evaluation was Mike.

"Don't worry, we can cross it and if we can't then we'll retreat." Mike suddenly placed his hand on her shoulder and reassured her. But his move only made her shy. Even Bing Lan was confused why she got shy all of sudden.

But soon, her expression returned to normal as she spoke "That's the problem. We can't retreat without killing the monsters on the ground level. Our only way to retreat is by taking the stairs that show us to the bottom floor."

"But, that only appears when we clear the floor. Of course, there will be another stair that takes us to the higher land. Remember, the higher land doesn't mean a higher floor. It only means the greater danger on the same floor."

Listening to her, Mike touched his chin and thought for a while. He didn't expect this tower to be so complex. But, he still believed that he could pass the tower.

"Alright, how about this? You two move along together while I move solo. Once we cross the highest floor that we can, we would be able meet and spend time together." Mike knew he needs to pass this. He didn't hesitate to go solo.

Hearing his words, Bing Lan and Xiao Je hesitated. First, they ditched those two boys so that they can spend time together with Mike. But now, it was becoming more dangerous for them.

"No, let's go together! As a cultivator, I must face danger and improve my strength. Only in the face of death, we can tap our potential." Bing Lan shook her head and walked aside him as she spoke.

Xiao Je hesitated for a while. She had just reached the Martial King. And, if she dies, then that would be the end of her. She was just starting the beginning of her life.

"I'm sorry but I can't go." Xiao Je shook her head and rejected. Her words startled Mike. Since Bing Lan agreed to go, he thought Xiao Je would be even more excited to enter. But, it seems he was wrong.

Hearing her words, Bing Lan looked at her with contempt but that didn't appear in her eyes. After all, she didn't want to make an enemy with Xiao Je. She silently glanced at Mike and stayed silent.

"It's okay! You can return back and come solo or with those two. We will be waiting for you." Mike said as he turned around without wasting another second. He was little disappointed on her. He knew why he felt this way.

When you try your best, you expect your people to do the same. He was the same. He knew he just have to crush his enemy and leave everything to his woman. And, even during fights, they weren't willing to retreat. At this moment, the tournament of geniuses reappeared in his mind.

He had rewatched everything and that's why he trusted his women so much. They had a chance to run. But, everyone was there for their dreams or a certain goal. Some wanted recognization, some wanted to achieve their goal, some wanted a chance.

No matter what was the reason, all of them were fighting for something. And, they were fighting together no matter how hard the obstacle was. Yeah, he was the one who saved them at the last but still whether it was against the Half-Elf or Sword Demon, they didn't back down a bit.

Some pushed past their limits and tried something new. Some showed their most powerful hidden trick. And, some simply used every bit of their willpower to fight.

Xiao Je also saw the disappointment in his eyes but she didn't change her decision. She didn't want to risk her life like Bing Lan.

"You can say 'Quit' to leave." Bing Lan said as she turned around as well.

"Leave!" Xiao Je didn't hesitate for a second. She felt a little embarrassed staying with them for a longer time.

As soon as they left, Bing Lan spoke once again "Reevaluate!"

<Challenger requesting for Reevaluation! Request Granted!>

<Scanning...… Scan Complete! Two Challengers Detected!>

<Scanning Power Level..... Scan Complete! Martial King Power Level Detected>

<Please enter the Basic Grade of First Floor>

"We can reevaluate?" Mike turned his head at Bing Lan and asked with confusion.

"Yes, my strength is around the peak of Martial Lord Realm and your strength must be at the middle of Martial King Realm, it has chosen the Basic Grade. Previously, we had another Martial King so it chose Advanced Grade."

"Of course, this is only my understanding. We truly don't know the truth. Or, how it works?" Bing Lan explained as she walked towards the Basic door.

Mike hurriedly followed her as understood a bit more about this tower. As soon as they entered the tower, they appeared in grassland. The grassland was spread wide and there was no sign of any other life form.

"Do you know anything about Xiao Je except for what she told you?" Suddenly, Bing Lan asked as she found a proper chance. There was nothing coming at them for a moment. She took a silent as a chance to speak.

"Nope! I just met her two days ago. She said she fell in love with me. But, I know she was mainly after my Space Law." Mike shook his head and revealed a bit of knowledge that he had about her.

"So, you only accepted her as Dao Companion as well?" Bing Lan asked.

"Yep! I didn't know anything about her. And, even if I had some good feeling, she didn't seem to be my type. You are her senior sister. You must know a lot about her. Do you think you can reveal something to me?" Mike asked.

"Of course, I can. Since I also want to be Dao Companion, it can be a favor as well. If I have to describe her, then a spoiled greedy princess would be a nice alias. Originally, she was a normal person but later got found by the OG King."

"Only few people know that she possess Heavenly Cauldron Body. But, no one knows what kind of body is that. We only know that once she has enough resources, her cultivation can breakthrough without any bottleneck."

"Due to that, she had the habit to user beauty to make the new disciples as her slave and loot their fortune. Even though most of the sect old members knew about that, nobody could say anything. Since the entire Heavenly Sword Sect is alive due to the prestige of OG King. And as her disciple, her prestige is even higher than sect master's children."

"Unlike her, I never had a good background even though I had a good talent. I had to walk my way to the top. The reason why I am good to her was because of her background."

Listening to her words, Mike stayed silent for a moment. It's not that he didn't want to her trust her rather he had no reason to trust her.

He knew she was partially desperate to become his dao companion and this could be a reason. But except that he doesn't find any reasons for her to say all this.

But suddenly, she continued "She possesses an art that could give her a a chance to extract all of your life essence and even your cultivation. Of course, she won't use it now but later when she actually feels that you are useless to her."

Hearing her words, Mike lets out a smile and nodded his head at her.. At this moment, he had no reasons for not believing her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 281
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Thanks for telling me that! I know what to do now." Mike replied as he took a few steps forward. He had already had the plan in his head. He knew he had nothing to fear when it comes to dual cultivation. That's why he didn't worry instead walked towards the danger to face it.

"Wait! Where are you going?" Bing Lan suddenly asked as he moved further.

"Of course, we can't simply wait here and do nothing, right? We need to move straight and get the job done. I need to escape this world soon." Mike spoke without looking back. At the same time, the golden slime moved from his wrist and transformed into a dagger.

Crackle! Crackle! Crackle!

Suddenly, the ground beneath them started trembling. Mike narrowed his eyes and released his spiritual sense.

"Our opponents will be Metal-Worm. They have the body stronger and durable like a metal. They can move and easily penetrate through the ground." Bing Lan screamed as she took a sword in her hand and released her blue spiritual qi.

It wrapped around the sword. Her eyes moved in different directions while her spiritual sense was already searching for the Metal-World.

"Damn! The ground of this tower disrupts our spiritual sense. We can't find them this way. They can come out from anywhere at any time." Bing Lan shouted as she retreated a few steps. She had already the cultivation lower than her opponents.

She didn't want to risk her life this easily.

"Is that so? Do you know what can make these worms tremble in fear or excited?" Mike also checked with his spiritual sense and found nothing. He couldn't help but ask Bing Lan after a series of failures.

Bing Lan thought for a moment and shouted "It's exciting for the blood. In fact, Metal-Worm normally eats metal and rarely comes out. Our blood is the major reason why they attack us."

"Oh! That makes it easy." Mike chuckled as he released the blood spirit in his hand and the blood domain around him. Seeing the blood domain and blood spirit, Bing Lan trembled and bites her teeth.

But, Mike had no time to look at her expression. He simply condensed a huge orb of blood at the sky and intensely release the blood aura.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

As soon as the blood aura penetrates the ground, the metal worms broke out of it. They shot right towards the sky. There were nearly seven of them and each one was nearly twenty meters long and five-meter wide.

"Vanishing Aura!"

Ding! Ding! Ding! Ding!

Mike activates the vanishing aura and moved towards one of them. He didn't target all and the dagger in his hand transformed into a sword. The black dragon saber appeared in his hand. He reached below them and slashed his sword and saber.

But, each strike was like the collision between metals without creating any damage on the worm. The hard shell of the worm was made out of metal just as its name. Mike had no choice but to release the lightning law in his sword and fire law in his sword.

Whoosh! Bang! Thud!

Suddenly, Mike's spiritual sense tingled alongside his space sense. He tried to dodge the tail of the worm but it was too big and fast. He took back his saber and suddenly the golden slime transformed into a golden shield.

The impact smashed him to the ground even though it didn't break the shield. Mike was on air and had nothing to help him stand against the impact.

"Brother Mu, are you alright?" Bing Lan rushed towards Mike and asked with a worried expression. She crouched down and wiped the blood away from his mouth.

"You know you would make an excellent wife." Mike complimented her and instantly disappeared from her hands. The next moment he appeared above the blood orb. He hold it and dispersed it to his body.

This wasn't the same blood orb that was inside his body. As soon as it disappeared, those worms suddenly started falling down.

"Let's try fire and lightning combo!" Mike gritted his teeth with excitement and released the lightning and fire law around him. Both of them formed a circle behind him. Lightning was on his right side and the fire was on his left.

Mike clenched his hands and took out the stream of lightning and fire around him. As they rotated around him, he used the spiritual sense to control it. This was one of the best ways to utilize the spiritual sense that he learned from those two books.

The lightning and fire combined together in the form of red lightning. It encircles his hands and suddenly transformed into a thin layer. Mike raised his hand and formed a red lightning ring with the thin red lightning and the rings behind him disappeared.

"Fire-Lightning Combo- Plasma Stream!"

The red lightning discharged a few times inside the ring and released a huge stream of lightning. The stream looked like fire since the lightning itself was red and releasing the intense heat. But, it didn't change its form.

Bang! Boom!

The best power of this attack was its speed. In just a few seconds, it collides against the metal worm and melted its body with the heat, and broke with lightning powers. As soon as the red lightning passed through its body and reached the ground, it exploded.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Although this attack only killed one of them, the explosion smashed other metal worms to the ground. As soon as they fell, Bing Lan condensed the spiritual qi on her sword and appeared above one of them.

Her blue spiritual qi was like the water. It encircled her sword and formed a snake. But, as she released more spiritual qi into her sword, the water snake transformed into a giant dragon rising tall from her sword.

"Fangs of Water Dragon!"

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

The water dragon flew out of her sword and rushed towards one of the worms. It was a stream of water that only had a head of a dragon. But, a new stream of water rising from the side changed it. The stream transformed into a long arm of the dragon.

Splash! Splash! Bang!

The claws formed at the arm were sharp enough to pierce the metal worm. Unfortunately, just after two swings of its claw, the water dispersed above the worm. The spiritual qi wasn't enough to use that attack.

"Hu! Hu! Hu!"

'That attack took so much stamina. Not to mention, my spiritual qi wasn't enough. Can I truly kill a Martial King-level beast? Did I overestimate myself?' Bing Lan bites her lips with distress. She knew if she could have maintained that attack, the beast would've been slaughtered.

Unfortunately, she didn't have much spiritual qi.

But, suddenly her eyes released an intense passion.

'No, I can't give up now. This is the best moment. I must realize the Sword Intent. I must...…'

Just when she thought, a powerful heat passed near her. A sword arc burning like sun condensed by the power of sword intent moved towards the worm and slashed at the exact place where water dragon claws had pierced.

Splash! Bang! Bang!

But, this sword slashed through the wound and slashed it in half. As its body got divided in half, the worm moved desperately until it finally settled down.

"A swordsman needs a strong body even if he is going to rely on energy or sword intent. Without immense stamina, you won't be able to stick for the longer battles."

Suddenly, she heard an unfamiliar voice. She turned around and saw a handsome man standing behind her. He had a tall height with a slender body. His clothes were a bit tattered but with the sword sheath on his waist and a cold look on his face, he was simply the dream boy for most girls.

"Woah! Sword Demon, how the hell did you come here?" Mike suddenly appeared near Bing Lan and supported her. He turned around and looked at the young man. He was stunned when he saw the familiar face.

"I see, you are also in this unknown world." The Sword Demon nodded his head when he saw Mike. Suddenly, when he saw Mike holding Bing Lan in his arms, he continued "And, you are still a scum even in this world."

"Hey! What's supposed to mean? I am very faithful to my women." Mike raised his and shouted at the Sword Demon, and continued "At least, in the bed!"

Sword Demon ignored his words and asked "So, do you know where this place is? Why am I here after entering the portal that was supposed to take us back to earth? By the way, why are you here when you didn't even enter the Divine Tomb?"

"Wait, you mean you have teleported back this world. Seriously dude, tell me what happened on the earth? Why did you enter the Divine Tomb so early? And, most importantly, how are Olive and Lucas?" Mike instantly appeared in front of the Sword Demon and asked while holding his shoulders.

Listening to his question, Sword Demon looked at him with a weird and gaze.

"Earth is on the brink of destruction!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 282
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wait, what? How the hell did earth reach that state? I was only gone for a month?" Mike screamed with the confusion and anger flashing his eyes.

"Calm down! For now, let's just focus on killing those and then move on. It seems you have mastered the Laws. But, I don't understand why can't I use the ability energy?" Sword Demon patted his shoulder and pointed at the worms while asking him.

Mike calmed down a little but he was still worried. Hearing his question, Mike answered "I don't know the exact reason but our ability energy is blocked. Dude, we are in a completely different universe. Here, the power system is completely different."

"You are right. We both have a lot to catch up on. But for now, let's just focus on slaughtering those!"

"But, I don't understand one thing," Mike answered and appeared next to Bing Lan. His sudden appearance startled her but soon calmed down.

"How does this place works? How could he appear here while we are crossing the floor? Is it possible for others to appear as well?" Mike asked.

"I don't know much about this place as well. But, it is impossible for others to appear unless they appear directly inside the tower. In that case, they won't be evaluated or given rewards. But, they can still help us. I think since we haven't received any sorts of information from the tower." Bing Lan instantly shook her head and replied.

She had nothing to hide and she was partially confused about their discussion. Suddenly, she leaned near him and asked "Doesn't your friend cultivate spiritual qi? He has the sword intent and a strong body but he doesn't have the cultivation."

Hearing her question, Mike smirked and said "Let me kiss you once and I'll tell you!"

"Nonsense!" Bing Lan brushed off the topic after shouting at him with an angry expression. But, her heartbeat was accelerating. As soon as she turned around, her face was blushing.

"Mike, we are not shooting porn here. Can you just stop flirting in the middle of a battle?" Sword Demon sighed as he slowly floated down to the ground.

"Hey, I am not a porn star. And, how can you fly without the ability to energy? Is it the Sword Intent as well?" Mike asked with confusion on his head.

"Sword Intent can do anything I want. As long as I have strong sword intent, I can break anything with a single word. By the way, you don't have to worry about your girlfriend and that boy. He has realized the Sword Intent as well."

"Although he isn't good as me in the sword, his speed of improvement is astonishing." Sword Demon spoke.

"Well, that's because he got a certain help. By the way, if you promise to do something for me, I can give you something that can probably help you improve at that same speed. By something I mean a guide like cultivation technique." Mike smirked and tried to pull the Sword Demon in his team.

As he moved further, he realized it's not just the women he needs. He also needs talented people like Lucas, Andrew, and even Sword Demon. Having them as the team could potentially help him a lot.

"We should definitely talk about that later. They are escaping." Sword Demon sighed and pointed his thumb at the metal-worms that were moving to the ground.

"Holy shit! I can't let them escape." Mike instantly disappeared and appeared above them. Half of their bodies have already escaped and Mike didn't even know what to do. He wrapped his body with the golden luster of kong's body and used the spiritual qi to access the chaos body.

The Fighting Spirit coated his body as he moved towards them at a speed. At the same time, domineering force gathered at his fist. His strength had already skyrocketed and now with the domineering force condensed at his fist, his strength was even above most.

Bang!

He didn't target the worm instead smashed the ground. The impact broke the ground as his fist pierced at the bottom. The ground at the side rose and those worms flew up with the impact.

Snap!

As soon as Mike started sinking towards the bottom, he snapped his finger and teleported to the sky. He looked at the bottom and muttered "Gold? Why is there gold hidden under the tower? And, why is it shaped as an egg?"

Suddenly, his eyes sparkled as he shouted "Sword Demon, handle them for a moment! I will be back soon."

As soon he said that he jumped towards the bottom. Before even he could get the reply from the Sword Demon, he was already inside the ground. As soon as he reached below, he found there was a huge hole created by his punch.

Mike floated and passed down the hole to reach the golden egg. But, as soon as he entered the hole, he appeared in a dark space that was illuminated by the golden egg.

"Shit!" Mike cursed hard as soon as he saw hundreds of metal-worm around the golden egg.

'Damn! I should have thought about their nest.'

Outside the hole,

Bing Lan looked at the Sword Demon and asked "Didn't he guess that metal-worm nest is below the ground?"

Pat!

Listening to her words, Sword Demon slapped his head and muttered "I pity those girls. How could they handle someone as careless as him?"

"You mean he really didn't think about the nest?" Bing Lan's mouth widen as she spoke.

"And here, I thought it was a good thing that I found him." Sword Demon muttered to him while clutching the sword in his hand. He took a deep breath and spoke "Let's not focus on him! Can you use that attack once again?"

"Why? Can't you use the sword intent?" Bing Lan asked with confusion.

"I can use the Sword Intent but I don't have the energy to reinforce it. My sword intent can pierce through its body but only when its hard shell is broken." Sword Demon explained as he looked at the worm falling towards the ground.

"Hmm! Can you teach me how to condense the Sword Intent?" Bing Lan asked.

Hearing her request, Sword Demon hesitated for a moment and asked "You seem young but you are strong. At least, I can sense an enormous amount of energy from you. You should be very talented to achieve all this so why can't you comprehend the Sword Intent?"

"Because I don't have the talent for the sword." Bing Lan flashed a bit of anger in her eyes as she spoke.

"Wait, why would you even practice a sword when you don't want it?" Sword Demon asked.

"Because swordsmanship can help us fight beyond realms." Bing Lan replied with a little bit of frustration.

"Who said that?" Sword Demon asked.

"Umm! Pretty everybody I guess." Bing Lan shrugged her shoulders and replied.

Hearing her answer without any hesitation, Sword Demon stopped for a moment. He thought and answered, "Do you think swords can slash everything?"

"As long as you have enough strength." Bing Lan answered.

"But, what if your opponent can break your sword?" Sword Demon asked.

"Uhhh! Then, I will another sword." Bing Lan answered.

Sword Demon sighed and crouched down. He lifts her a stone and shot it. The stone moved at an insane speed, piercing a bit of the metal worm that was escaping to the ground. Sword Demon turned around and asked.

"Did you see?"

"You used Sword Intent?" Bing Lan was a little confused. She didn't see anything particularly sharp about the sword and didn't sense the sword's intent either.

"It was a Sword Spirit. Since you are a swordsman, Sword Will is something you must comprehend to be a true swordsman. Only when you comprehend the Sword Will, you can manifest the Sword Spirit. I coated that stone with the Sword Spirit and shot it."

"The Sword Spirit increased the sharpness of the stone. You lack Sword Will and Sword Spirit. Why are you trying to comprehend the Sword Intent without laying the proper foundation?" Sword Demon asked.

"Huh! What do you mean? Swordsmanship is divided into Sword Energy Realm, Sword Heart Realm, Sword Soul Realm, Sword Intent Realm, Sword Lord Realm, Sword King Realm, Sword Saint Realm, Sword Emperor Realm, and Sword God Realm."

"I am currently at the Sword Soul Realm. My sword soul is currently growing stronger inside my sword. But, it is not ready to hold the sword intent. I need to make my sword soul stronger. But for that, I need the enlightenment about the sword."

"Only then I can nurture my sword soul and comprehend the sword's intent." Bang Lin looked at him with confusion and explained.

Listening to her explanation, Sword Demon touched his chin and fell in deep thought.

"So, this world doesn't have Sword Will and Sword Spirit. Instead, they focus on Sword Energy. And, what is sword heart? Is it something important? Did I miss it?"

"Hey, I don't know what are you mumbling about but we got a bigger problem. Those worms are escaping inside the deep ground. They will go against Brother Mu. We must help him." Bing Lan shouted as she looked at the tails of the worms entering the ground.

But, suddenly Sword Demon puts his hand on her shoulder and said "Let's talk! I need to know more about the swordsmanship of your world."

"Huh! Didn't you just hear what I just said? They are going after Brother Mu. They will definitely block the escape route for him." Bang Lin speechlessly looked at him and shouted.

"Don't worry about him! He is strong.. He can handle this by himself."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 283
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"First tell me, what is this your world, my world thing? Where did you come from?" Bing Lan looked at the Sword Demon with a suspicious expression and asked. There were many things she didn't understand. And, she was even more confused when he mentioned Sword Will and Sword Spirit.

"We come from a different world called earth. In our world, we cultivate with different energy. And, I can't feel that energy in this world. Not to mention, I can't access my innate ability. As for the swordsmanship, we have something called Sword Belief."

"There are several stages in Sword Belief. We awaken our Sword Will, manifest it in the form of Sword Spirit. Then, we condense a Sword Soul in our sword. Finally, we comprehend the Sword Intent. It isn't hard if you can awaken the Sword Will."

"But, awakening Sword Will is indeed hard. Not only, you need an immense belief in a sword, you also need talent. I awakened an SSS-Rank Sword Innate Ability. With that, I had talent. Since I practiced sword from a small age, I had enough belief over my sword."

"So, awakening Sword Will wasn't hard for me. But, I don't understand what Sword Energy is? And, what is Sword Heart?" Sword Demon directly explained and asked.

As soon as she heard his words, her eyes narrowed. But, she quickly calmed down and said "Sword Energy is a practical strength of a swordsman. You need a proper sword cultivation technique to transform the spiritual qi into sword energy. Sword Energy is the first step of a Sword Cultivation."

"Sword Energy has nine stages. Each stage can improve the amount of sword energy you can transform from the spiritual qi at once. After Sword Energy, it is the Sword Heart. To form a sword heart, you condense eight sword meridians from your dantian and connect it to your heart."

"This allows you to transform your spiritual qi into sword energy through sword meridians without you interfering in the process. The sword energy travels to the heart and merges with it, slowly transforming it into a Sword Heart."

"Once you form the Sword Heart, you can basically store sword energy in each cell of your body. After the Sword Heart, you can make another eight sword meridians to the sea of consciousness. But unlike the previous sword meridians, these sword meridians need to be empowered with Soul Power."

"Only then they can access the Sea of Consciousness. Once you place it inside, the sword energy will merge with the soul power and form the sword soul. Later, you transfer the part of the sword soul into your sword to improve its power. Of course, if your weapon is powerful, you can transfer the complete sword soul to improve its power into another level."

"But unlike sword heart, your sword soul will depend on your comprehension over sword for its growth. That means the meridians and sword energy will only give birth to the soul and it needs to be fed on your knowledge to improve it."

"Each step is crucial in the path of sword cultivation. Using all that knowledge, your soul can comprehend the sword's intent. Then, you can practice the Sword Intent to improve it. Above the Sword Intent Realm is Sword Lord Realm."

"Here, you can form an embryo inside your sea of consciousness with the help of Sword Energy, Sword Soul, Sword Heart, and Sword Intent combined together. Once you form the embryo, you comprehend the Laws."

"It can be fire law. It can be water law. It can be any kind of law that resides between heaven and earth. Once you learn a certain law, you merge the law with your embryo. During this whole realm, you keep feeding your comprehension of law to this embryo."

"And, once you reach the Sword King Realm, it blooms the roots out of it. And, now you create your own Sword Law based on the element you have comprehended. This will lead to the growth of the root. And, when the root grows a tall tree inside your sea of consciousness, you finally reach the peak of Sword King Realm."

"Of course, there is another way to reach this realm. It is a kind of shortcut. You comprehend the Sword Intent. Then, you comprehend the Concept or Law. Finally, you use your cultivation technique to merge them. This is not available to every cultivation technique that's why it's rare."

"Of course, following the original path is much more reassuring. But, I don't know anything above this. If we return back to the sect, we can ask the elders." Bing Lan took a long time but eventually explained everything to him.

Listening to her explanation, Sword Demon understood a lot. He also found various differences.

'For us, it is the sword belief. Whether it is a sword will or sword spirit or sword intent, we can use it because we believe in our sword. But for them, a sword is just a path to gain strength. No wonder I disdain at the realms.'

'They are just the confinement. But, I am too weak now. If I want to improve, I must learn everything I can. But, I can't throw away my belief. For me, the next step would be strengthening my sword intent. Since I can't use the ability energy, my only reliance is the sword.'

Sword Demon clenched his fist and the excitement flashed in his eyes. At this moment, Bing Lan suddenly asked "Are you a demon?"

"Hmm! What made you say that?" Sword Demon asked.

"Umm! He called you the Sword Demon. And, you also said things about the Innate Ability. Demons are the only people who possess the Innate Ability." Bing Lan had a little fear and desperation in her eyes as she explained.

"Since you asked, I am not a demon. I am called the Sword Demon because nobody is better than me in swordsmanship in my world. As for my world, it is out of your universe. Technically, you can call me alien." Sword Demon spoke without any interest in her thoughts.

He didn't care how she views him. If it is an enemy, he will slash. If it is someone unrelated, he will ignore it.

Bing Lan listened to him silently and thought for a while. She didn't feel they were bad. But, Innate Abilities were a trademark of a demon. She was caught between her own personal feelings and her mindset.

Suddenly, Sword Demon patted her and said "You don't need to think too much. If you think we are bad, you are free to do anything. If you think we are good, you are also free to do anything as well. But, I need to make one thing clear."

"If you make a relationship with Mike and betray him, he might not do anything to you. But, in my world, eight top talented girls were slaughtered. And, the common thing between them was Mike. Everyone had a relationship with Mike but once he disappeared, they changed the relationship."

"I don't know to think that would be the reason enough to kill them. But, fellow swordsmanship told me that in their family, not even the slightest betrayal is allowed. I learned he was just a foundation of the family. The pillar was someone else."

"As fellow swordsmanship, I am giving you just a little advice. A single decision can change our life. And, everything is ruled by strength. If a strong finds it annoying, he will replace regardless whether it is living being or non-living being."

As he said he walked away leaving Bing Lan in deep thought.

Bang!

Suddenly, a figure burst out of the ground with his hand pointed at the sky and a metal worm flying above him.

Thud!

"Man! That was intense. Hey guys, look what I've found." Mike landed on the ground and took out the golden egg from the system space showing it to others. There was a wide smile on his face.

"It seems you have grown a lot stronger." Sword Demon fighting intent suddenly burst as he looked at the worm that fell dead on the ground.

"Haha! I just started using other weapons as well. It makes things a lot easier." Mike used one of his simplest techniques. With the Vanishing Aura, he formed daggers in his hand and condensed the chaos spirit around it.

After that, he slashed and slashed and slashed until the wounded every last one of them. Finally, he used the Devouring Blood Scripture to suck away their blood. His blood orb was once again overflowing with blood.

And, this time it was just blood. He knew he can immensely improve his physical strength by using the blood.

"Huh! A golden egg?" Bing Lan woke up from her thoughts and curiously glanced at the golden egg while moving towards him. She was also attracted by the golden egg. After all, she has never seen one in her life.

"Hey, do you think it can give birth to Golden Goose?" Mike turned his head at Sword Demon and asked excitedly.

"Are you an idiot?" Sword Demon scolded him and looked away.

"Come on! No matter what comes out, it will be amazing to see. Don't you think, Bing?" Mike swiftly turned his head at her and asked.

"Yeah! I have never seen a golden egg in my life. It could be a dragon egg or even the Golden Turtle Egg. What if it is the Golden Phoenix?" Bing Lan touched around the egg and excitedly spoke as she turned her head at them.

"What? I have never seen the Golden Egg in my life. Of course, I'm excited." Bing Lan shouted when she saw their gazes.

"Hahaha-Hahaha!" Suddenly, both of them burst into laughter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 284
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Woah! I didn't think you would laugh." Mike turned his head at the Sword Demon and asked with surprise in his eyes.

"I am a human if you haven't forgotten." Sword Demon gave him a stern look and said. His words startled Bing Lan for a moment.

Mike slapped his back and said "I was just kidding. I have never seen you smile and you have a pretty reputation of a cold and aloof guy."

Getting a slap from a guy who doesn't know how to control his strength, Sword Demon released the killing intent and said "And, this is why I have such reputation."

"Sorry! I forget to control my strength." Mike bowed down and apologized for the next instant. Sword Demon retracted his killing intent but ended up slapping his head. Mike realized it was payback and could only glare at Sword Demon with hatred.

Seeing this, Bing Lan suddenly let out of laughter.

"Hahaha! You two can't be demons. I'm sorry for doubting you guys."

Mike was startled by her laughter apology. But, he quickly turned his head at Sword Demon and understand a few things. Then, he walked in front of her and pointed the thumb at himself.

"Huh! What demon? You seriously thought there could be a handsome and charming demon like me."

"Of course, if it is from the fox clan or snake clan, they can be incredibly handsome." Bing Lan made a serious expression and spoke.

"What? Seriously? I thought they were counted as the monster beasts." Mike tilts his head in confusion and asked.

"Of course not! There is no such thing as Monster Beasts. There are spirit beasts and demon beasts. Spirits Beasts are the races that do not like human or demon beasts. Since humans make these beasts their pets most of the time."

"That's why spirit beasts are either very powerful or weak. Demon Beasts are almost familiar to the spirits except they cultivate the demon energy. This energy corrupts any mind who cultivates it. That's why they are just the mindless beasts."

"But, the powerful beasts can control their mind and use the demon energy as their weapon. Since demon energy is the most corrosive and destructive energy among other energies. The metal worms that you fought were also the demon beasts."

"But, it is said that the mortal demon beasts can't talk." Bing Lan explained.

"Oh!" Mike nodded his head and took a look at the golden egg.

"So, what do you think? Would it be the child of a demon beast?" Mike asked.

"I don't think so. The spiritual qi is flowing around it. Normally, spiritual qi and demon energy are the mortal enemies. But, we can only wait till it hatches. For now, let's just focus on climbing the tower." Bing Lan shrugged her shoulder and suggested.

"Oh well!" Mike said and sent to his Inner World.

Although he doesn't think the egg needs air, if it hatches all of sudden, it will die inside the system storage. Mike didn't want it to die before knowing what it is.

"So, where is the door to the next floor?" Mike turned his head at Bing Lan and asked.

"We need to climb to the upper ground and there we can find the door to the next floor." Bing Lan pointed her finger at the far-away sky and moved. Two of them looked at each other and follow her.

"By the way, did you all get teleported at the same time?" Mike turned his head and asked. He was anxious about Olive. He knew his heart was telling him to find her soon.

"Nope, some came out earlier while some came out later. I think the person who hasn't come out was Blood Demon King and the guy name Mantle. By the way, they tried to kill Lucas. If it wasn't for Thorn Princess asking for our help, he would've died."

"I surprised that you managed to impress the Thorn Princess by insulting her. Of course, I didn't do it just because of her nor anyone else. Blood Demon King was our common enemy. By the way, those people from Alkiwons should have arrived before me." Sword Demon replied without even glancing at him.

Mike understood his words and nodded his head "Don't worry! I will definitely settle the score inside the tower. And, don't forget he can't use the ability energy inside here."

"Don't be overconfident. He rarely relies on his cultivation. His Golden Spirit can break anything he touches. He is a true demon. When I faced him again, I am sure I will die with my current strength." Sword Demon spoke.

"You are taking this too seriously. Don't worry! I have been doing everything I can to improve my strength within this month. By the way, did you consider my offer? Join me and I will help you search for the Sword Cultivation Technique." Mike patted his chest and spoke with the confidence flashing in his eyes.

"You are not taking the demons seriously at all. Do you know how much stronger they are? Just their physical strength would be enough to crush Martial Kings. Not to mention, they mastery over demon energy and their cultivation." Suddenly, Bing Lan who was seriously listening to their conversation appeared in front of Mike and shouted while clutching his collars.

There were anger, helplessness, weakness, different kinds of emotions.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you." Mike realized that she must have some kind of bad past with the demons and immediately apologize.

"No, it's okay! I lost my family to the demons. They are the heinous and scary creatures." Bing Lan released his collars and shook her head with sadness. Tears were also almost gathered at her eyes.

Suddenly, Mike touched her forehead "Don't judge the entire race because of a single person or a group. There are bad and good in every race. In fact, humans are greedy and evil. But, not all of them are the same."

"Some are guided by pride and arrogance, some are guided by good, some are guided by bad, some are guided by someone else, and some are guided by fate. It is up to you to decide on what to rely on."

At this moment, tears burst out of her eyes, and she continued "Sniff! Sniff! When I was about to be killed, one of the demons saved me while killing his kin. He let me run away. I don't know whether to hate them or trust them."

As she cried, she jumps into his embrace. At this moment, Sword Demon slowly walked ahead and said "In my life, I have only one person that I admire. He was the role model and my goal to surpass. He said I was his nephew but when I checked our family history, I never found him."

"He guided me in the path of swordsmanship. He helped me see the wonders of strength. He let me realize that there are people beyond people, heaven beyond heaven. And, it wasn't just because I was small."

"He had said many things to me. But, the most important lesson he had imparted on me was the simplest one. Trust my heart and move forward! If I feel there is someone worth saving, then I will save. If I feel there are some good people, I will forgive them. If I feel there are some bad people, I will kill."

"That's my life! That's the swordsmanship life. Never care what others say, only trust your heart. Once you learn to trust your heart, your swordsmanship will bloom. The world is a cage, truth is false, strong make the judgment while weak suffer from failure, everything is just an illusion, believe yourself, and believe the sword in your hand."

"Sword Belief is the key to passion, strength, and love. Sword is not just about killing or protecting. It is about life itself. Everything sword tells us is just the fact that we will face in our life. It is just preparing us for our future."

For a moment, time paused for Mike and Bing Lan. They couldn't comprehend what he just said. His words didn't make sense but when they tried to think deeper, both of them realize it made the most sense.

'The world is a cage, truth is false, and everything is just an illusion. Illusion! Yes, this world is just a virtual world created after the war. The time, space, elements, everything is virtual but people born out of virtual things are real.'

'Strong make the judgment and weak suffer for failure. We are just captured in the illusion because we are weak. And, if we can get stronger. We can escape. We can outrun this virtual reality. We can move out.'

Slap!

Suddenly, Mike slapped both cheeks his eyes widen. Sword Demon and Bing Lan looked at him with confusion as Mike started laughing.

"Hahaha-Hahaha! I understand. I finally understand. There is no key to finding the real and virtual. The only way is to get stronger. Only when I can smash the multiverse with the punch, I can break free from this world. Hahaha-Hahaha!"

Bing Lan's eyes twitched after hearing his words. She looked at Sword Demon and asked "Is he alright?"

Sword Demon shrugged his shoulders and said "I don't know what he realized but at least he got the meaning right. As long as we have enough, we can break free from every kind of chain that confine us."

At this moment, Mike looked up and shouted "Alright! Let's become stronger.. Let's become THE STRONGEST."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 285
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, did you calm down? Cause we need to move ASAP." Sword Demon sighed and asked.

Mike stood next to him and nodded his head. Both of them quickly followed Sword Demon and hurriedly rushed towards Bing Lan. As they flew far away from their initial place, they reached in front of tall stairs that takes them to the sky.

They couldn't see the end and the stair wasn't properly attached to the ground either. But, it didn't matter to them since they could simply fly. They stepped on the staircase and move towards the sky.

The staircase was a little weird. It was simply floating in the air without any support. And, they couldn't see the end with their naked eyes either. They had to walk for half an hour until they discover a giant island floating in the sky.

It had nothing to hold. Mike was speechless when he looked through the island with his pioneer's eyes. Because this island was held on the air by the power of law. This law seems to be like Wind Law. It was only his guess since he hasn't practiced the Wind Law.

The staircase ends connecting the island. Mike and his group land on the island and Bing Lan speaks "This is the upper ground. Almost every floor has lower and upper ground. The gate to the next floor is currently at another end."

"Between us and that gate, there is a massive forest. When I previously came here, I faced Fire Breathing Lions on the upper ground. But, on the lower, I only met Water Breathing Lions the previous time. I met the Metal Worm on the second floor."

"So, I am not sure what will be met. But, if it is something I could guess, it can only be Three-Horn Mountain Tearing Rhino. This beast is known for its horn and its amazing piercing capability. If you stand on its way, it can easily shred you in half."

Listening to her words, Mike and Sword Demon nodded their head. They already knew this wasn't going to be easy. In fact, it would only be worse.

"Alright, we will stay close and move forward. Once we discover Rhino and its strength, we will further move. If it is too strong, we will rely on each other but if it is weak, I will handle the rest." Mike then turned his head at Sword Demon and continued "You two are currently weak."

"So, it would be the best idea to help each other during the fight."

Sword Demon was slightly offended by his words. But, he didn't argue. He was indeed weak. Without his ability energy, he couldn't fight properly.

Bing Lan didn't mind anything. She knew she was weak and getting a chance to fight a stronger opponent was already an opportunity for her. And, certain protection of life would only be made this better.

Following Mike's words, they walked straight to the forest. They had only walked for ten minutes until they heard a strange sound.

Bang! Bang!

It felt like someone was fighting. They got curious and hurriedly moved towards the origin of the sound. As they came closer to the fighting scene, they saw a man bare-handed fighting against a rhino with a three-horned rhino.

This rhino was the same as the normal rhino they had seen in the past. It had four legs with thick skin but three horns instead of one. Its two horns were spread to the side and one was at the middle.

"Max?" Mike and Sword Demon shouted at the same time when they saw the man's face. He was none other than muscular and brownish-toned Max.

"So, he is one of your friends?" Bing Lan looked at them with doubts and asked.

"Friend wouldn't be the exact word to describe our relationship. We are more like opponents." Mike shook his head and explained.

"Oh!" Bing Lan simply shuts her mouth and waited.

"So, are we going to help him? He seems to be in a worse condition." Mike turned his head at Sword Demon and asked.

"Don't ask me! I have no relationship with him." Sword Demon shook his head and answered. His meaning was simple. If you save him, it's okay. And, if you don't save him, it's okay as well.

He doesn't care about others. The only reason why he is listening to Mike is that he respects Mike's strength. And, he needs Mike to understand more about this world.

"Whatever! Let's save him. Not everyone will understand us like Bing Lan." Mike tilts his head and looked at Max. Currently, Max was relying on his physical strength to fight against the Rhino. But, the demon beasts normally have stronger physical bodies due to the demon's energy.

Mike snapped his finger and appeared behind Max. But, suddenly Max clenched his fist and swings towards Mike.

"Woah! Hold on! I am here to save you." Mike caught the punch with ease startling Max. When Max turned his head, he saw Mike and got confused for a moment.

"No time to talk! Let's get you out of here." Saying so, Mike snapped his finger and teleported near Sword Demon and Bing Lan.

He turned his head at Bing Lan and said "Is there a way to heal him?"

"I have some healing pills. They could help." Bing Lan nodded her head and took a few yellow pills out of her spatial ring and gave it to Max. At this moment, Max was still confused.

"Alright, let him heal! I will take down that fella." Mike instantly disappeared and appeared behind the Rhino. The golden slime transformed into a gun. The lightning and fire law merged together at the nozzle and shot a powerful stream of red lightning.

Zap! Splash! Bang! Thud!

The red lightning pierced through the body of the Rhino and struck the rock behind it. The power of lightning was enhanced through his golden slime.

[5000 EXP Earned]

[Cultivator- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Martial Artist Ninth Stage

EXP- 95000/10000 (For level-up)

Wealth- Nil

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.]

"Well, that nest really helped me a lot. I didn't know I would be able to reach the next realm this quickly. Now, I need to hunt another rhino to get enough EXP." When Mike killed those Metal-Worms, he still got EXP.

Previously when he killed the tiger, he devoured both qi and blood. That is why he didn't get EXP. But now, he only devoured their blood and that's why he got qi. At least, this is what he thinks. After all, he can't get EXP out of nowhere.

There has to be a way to acquire energy from the dead creatures to fill up the EXP storage. But, he was even more surprised because he didn't expect to get EXP by killing the creatures inside the tower.

After killing it, he quickly arrived next to others.

"So, what's your condition?" Mike turned his head at Max and asked.

"Good enough! So, will you explain what's happening here?" Max nods feeling the strength returning to his body. The wounds were healed and his energy was rising to the top.

"It seems something happened to the portal and all of you got teleported into this new universe. I was teleported a month ago. Since this is the universe, there are many things that don't seem to be the same as our universe."

"In terms of cultivation, both universes have different rules but this world is way higher than ours. Of course, in terms of technology, we are way ahead of them. You can't use the ability energy. Seems like it restricted by the universal laws."

"By the way, our ability energy was refined out of dark energy. And, dark energy is close to demon energy. That's why the people of this world think of us as a demon. We don't think too much about that. For now, try to comprehend laws."

"Our body is already strong and we can train it further with laws. And, comprehending laws is the only way to gain strength without cultivation. Of course, there are some downsides. But, we will discuss that later. For now, let's just move above and find more people." Mike explained.

Max thought for a while and nodded his head "Well, I got the basics. But, I have a question for you. Have you found a way to cultivate in this world? I asked just to reassure myself!"

"I have found a way. But, it could take a while. Don't worry until then I have a place for you guys to stay." Mike answered.

"Wait a minute! Did you cultivate to the Martial King Realm in just a month?" Bing Lan suddenly caught Mike's shoulder and shouted at his face.

"Well, he was the fastest cultivator in our universe. So, I guess it wouldn't be much of a surprise. But, Martial King Realm seems to be an exaggeration even though I don't know the realms of this universe." Max pointed out Mike's quality but still looked at him with doubts.

"Of course, I can't cultivate that fast. And, it has been a week before I started cultivation." Mike closed off his Vanishing Aura completely and said. At this moment, his cultivation was completely revealed to Bing Lan.

"Martial Artist Peak?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 286
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You are kidding with me, right?" Bing Lan stared at Mike and asked.

Mike simply shook his head. It doesn't matter even if he tells her his cultivation.

"No way! Her cultivation reached the Martial King Realm. How is this possible? It doesn't make sense." Bing Lan shook her head fanatically and rejected to believe what she could see. His cultivation was right in front of her eyes.

But, she didn't believe it. She doesn't think there could be such a miraculous technique.

"So, this was the secret of your cultivation and why you always try to get more ladies. So, that's why you are trying to be God of Sex?" Sword Demon completely ignored her reaction and looked at Mike with clarification as he asked.

"Nope, it is slightly different. Being God of Sex is my goal. This cultivation technique is just my foundation. There is a lot more than just cultivation technique to be the God of Sex. Master of Lust, Most Handsome Man, and the strongest man, all of these are the prerequisites to become the God of Sex." Mike explained as he proudly extended his chest and lookup.

"Well, in the end, you will be the multiversal pornstar." Max looked at Mike and nodded his head with understanding.

"Damn! I am not a pornstar. Humph! Believe me or not, you keep talking like that, and I will steal your girl." Mike looked straight at Max's eyes and threatened him directly.

"Dare you!" Max stood in front of Mike with his tall figure.

"Tell me your girlfriend's name," Mike asked as he looked up.

"Why should I? Isn't it your job to find her name?" Max pouted as he crossed his arms and looked away.

"Ahem! I'm still here, you know?" Bing Lan stared at Mike and Max speechlessly and spoke. She couldn't believe they were talking about stealing women like its nothing.

"Bunch of children!" Sword Demon snorted and walked away.

"What did you say?" Mike and Max fired after hearing his insult and raised their fist.

"Bunch of children!" Sword Demon repeated without any fear and continued on his way.

"Did he just repeat that?" Mike looked at Max with amazement and asked.

"I think he did." Max looked at Mike and nodded his head.

"Then, why are you looking at me and doing nothing?" Mike shouted

"You are looking at me that's why I am looking at you. If you weren't looking at me, I wouldn't have been looking at you. So stop looking at me so that I can also stop looking at you." Max shouted back while lifting his body on his toes.

"Are you my subordinate?" Mike looked at Max with confusion and asked.

"Why the hell would I be your subordinate?" Max yelled.

"Then, why would you need me to stop looking at you so that you can stop looking at me? Because you can stop looking at me even if I keep looking at you." Mike spoke.

"You are right. Why the hell am I looking at you?" Max instantly turned around and spoke.

"Good!" Mike nodded his head and both of them continued on their way.

Behind them, Bing Lan looked at them with confusion. In the middle, she was frightened that they will start fighting at any moment. But surprisingly, they didn't start it. They only fought with each other's with words and surprisingly everything calmed down after that.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Suddenly, the ground beneath them started shaking. Mike and others frowned for a moment.

"I think those rhinos are coming towards us." Bing Lan's face turned pale as she spoke.

"This is going to be a hassle. Let me go and check their numbers." Mike spoke but before he could disappear, Sword Demon spoke "13!"

"Damn it! That's too many. We can't contend with them with our numbers. What should we do?" Max also turned pale after hearing those numbers. Even Mike was surprised. Although he believes he can take care of them, it would be still a hard battle.

After all, he can't use the red lightning all the time. With his current comprehension of fire and lightning, he can't use them freely. And, his stamina is also another point to consider. This made him think 'Damn! I must enter the Fire World if there is one. Before leaving this world, I will try to devour the comprehension of Lightning Law with Pioneer Eyes as much as I can.'

"Can you handle it?" Sword Demon approached Mike and asked. He knew Mike still hasn't tried his best. And, he was also a fighting maniac. So, he still believed that Mike could take care of them.

"Can we have the barbecue after this?" Mike looked at Sword Demon and asked.

"Of course!" Sword Demon smiled and replied.

"Good! I will get this done quick." Mike took a deep breath and moved towards them.

"Can he really take care of them?" Bing Lan worriedly looked at Sword Demon and asked.

"You haven't seen his craziness. Once he goes crazy, there are very few people who could stop him. Of course, I'm included." Sword Demon spoke with a thirsty smile on his face. Although he praised Mike, he didn't hold back to credit himself.

At the same time,

"Lightning Dragon Sword Art- Three Step Thunder Sword"

Lucas stood in front of an ape with the sword twinkling with lightning. He held the sword tight and took a step forward. Suddenly, everything around him paused for a moment.

Bang!

He took a step forward while thrusting his sword towards the ape. Suddenly, the bolt of lightning emerged out of the sword and struck the ape.

Bang! Bang!

He took another step and thrust his sword. Another bolt of lightning emerged and struck the ape. It continued for the next strike as well.

Thud!

"Hu! Hu! Hu!" As soon as the ape fell to the ground, Lucas his sword on his sheath and puts both of his palms on his knees. His breathing gets a lot heavier.

"Are you going to be okay? We can take a rest if you aren't feeling good." Olive was lying beside him as she spoke. She had a huge hole in her stomach. It was a miracle that she survived till now. But, it was healing extremely fast as well.

"Don't worry about me! I promised Mike to take care of you. And, thanks to you I was able to merge the Lightning Law with my Sword Intent." Lucas shook his head and straightened his back. He tightly gripped his sword and looked at the ape.

It was just a single opponent but it almost killed both of them. Not only it was powerful, but it was also very agile. Olive needed to put herself in danger while injuring it. One strike from it almost blew up her body. Fortunately, she was able to block the impact of the attack and keep it only at her stomach.

But, it was still weird that she survived after having a hole in her stomach. It was thanks to the technique she received. It was a cultivation technique that works on both universes. It was called Ancient Phoenix Rebirth Technique.

Once practiced to perfection, she can even get a chance of rebirth. And, it wouldn't be a normal rebirth. There can be fifty percent chances to be revived with same strength and same age.

Unlike her, Lucas got something very unusual. It was surprisingly a book that entered his head for some weird reason. He still hasn't figured the book out. But, it was very powerful. More importantly, both of them didn't receive it from the main inheritance.

Rather, both of them were called for their inheritances. And both of these inheritances seem incredibly strong.

Olive bites her lips and muttered "I wonder where Mike is? Do you think he will come to save?"

"I don't know about me but he will definitely come to save you." Lucas chuckled as he sat down.

"So, what now? Are we going somewhere?" Olive asked.

"No, let's settle down at this place for some time. I will try to comprehend the Lightning Law. It is even more refined here and I need to check that as well." Lucas spoke as he closed his eyes. But before comprehending the Lightning Law, he silently focused on the book.

It was inside his sea of consciousness. Due to the Origin Heart Sword Technique, he was able to look inside his sea of consciousness with ease.

'Come on! Tell me, what can you do for me? Is there a way to utilize you? Can you help me get stronger?' Lucas asked questions after questions as he stared at the book.

Suddenly, the book trembled and a few words appeared above it.

Book of Eight Extremes and Single Chaos!

At the same time,

Mike was standing in front of the thirteen rhinos. The lightning-sparked around him. It directly went to his brain and paralyzed it. At the same time, the Space Law spread out and the domineering force burst out of him.

Suddenly, the lightning changed as it got deep blue. It spread around him and appeared on his eyes.

"It's time to try my new powers!"

"God of Sex Version 2.5- Speed-Zombie Mode!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 287
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The lightning bolts moved from the heart to his fist as Mike moved towards the rhino. But, Mike was moving as fast as the lightning bolt.

Bang! Crash! Thud!

Suddenly, domineering force burst out as well and coats the lightning bolt. As he first struck the rhino, the lightning bolt combined with the domineering force burst out. The force pushed the rhino hundreds of meters back as the lightning struck throughout its body.

Mike hurriedly moved to another rhino with his insane speed and punched. Once again the lightning bolt and his fist struck the rhino at the same time, doubling the force of impact.

"Hu!" After killing two rhinos, Mike paused for a moment and took a deep breath.

Zzzzzz!

But the next second later, his lightning sparkled as he moved towards another rhino.

Suddenly, the golden slime moved from his wrist and transformed into a golden dagger.

Whoosh! Splash!

His body flashed in front of the rhino. But he swiftly crouched down, the lightning coated the dagger as he pierced the neck.

Whoosh! Whirl!

Suddenly, another rhino approached lightning but Mike quickly stepped on the rhino he just killed and jumped in the air. He spins his body and drops towards another rhino.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

His hand moved from left to right, bottom to top, multiple times in just a few seconds. The dagger moved along with his hand and slashed several parts of its upper neck.

As soon as he finishes that rhino, he jumps in the air and throws his dagger up. It swiftly transforms into a big cannon.

"Alright, let's wrap this up!" Mike smirked as he draws all of his lightning into the cannon.

The lightning gathered into a circle and formed a giant sphere. But that didn't end there, he exerts his qi and the domineering force as well.

The qi moved around the sphere and collided with the domineering force. Instead of destroying each other, both merged and formed tiny spheres.

These spheres moved around the lighting sphere but before using it, Mike released his fire law as well.

The fire law formed a wall around the lightning and tried to cover it but the lightning pierced it and destroyed some of its parts.

Mike instantly used his method to merge the lightning and fire law. This method forcefully made the fire law cover the lightning sphere.

This method took time and until then, Mike used his super-speed to punch those rhinos a few times.

But at this moment, Mike was already trying his hardest to stay awake. He has used all of his stamina in just a few strikes.

This new version not only merges his previous mode but also allow him to freely use all kinds of power combination.

Mike hurriedly rushed back to the air and shot the cannon.

"Planet Devastation"

Boooooooooooooom!

The huge red sphere surrounded by some small spheres moves towards the rhinos while spinning. As soon as it touched the ground, small spheres spread around while the main sphere explode.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom! Boom!

Except for the small spheres that touched the ground with big spheres, other spheres exploded a few seconds later.

"Take a cover"

"Giant Supernova Strike!" Max screamed and punched out. His physical strength ruptured air and created a massive wall of impact colliding against the explosion.

"Water Dragon Fang!" Bing Lan released her water qi and condensed it around her sword. It formed a massive dragon head that swings its claw and struck the explosion.

"Invincible Sword Technique- Almighty Push"

The sword intent condensed and coats Sword Demon's sword. He raised it as the aura released by the sword changed the surroundings. The intense wind blew around him. The massive force generated from his sword as he slashed it down.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Three different attacks struck the explosion, and blast away the explosion. But, the explosion didn't end there. Those small spheres had released an intense impact made out of domineering force.

Bang! Thud! Thud! Thud!

Sword Demon and others were caught off guard by the attack. They couldn't predict it and ended up getting smashed by it.

"Gah"

All of them got smashed to the ground and vomited blood.

[5000 EXP Earned] *14

[Would you like to level up?]

[Yes] [No]

Mike instantly clicked on yes but slowly his eyes closes as he fell to the ground. Even though he fell in the middle of the explosion, lightning and flame didn't affect him.

"Everyone, I found Mike." After two minutes, Bing Lan shouted as she puts his hand on her shoulder and dragged him out of the smoke.

Thud!

"Hu! Hu! Why the hell is he so heavy?" Bing Lan fell to the ground and shouted while looking at Sword Demon and Max who were holding Mike.

"You only carried him for five meters. You have no rights to complain." Max spoke with a grumpy look as he puts Mike to the ground.

"What the hell was that attack? How could it be so powerful?" Max turned his head at Sword Demon and asked.

"How would I know? That attack had lightning and fire law in it. And, he also used something related to brute force."

"Though I am not sure whether it is truly brute force or something else." Sword Demon spoke as he assumed in his mind.

"No matter what it was, that strike took a lot of stamina. He seems so tired even though he has reached Martial Master Realm."

"But, I don't understand one thing. HOW THE HELL DID HE REACH MARTIAL MASTER REALM OUT OF NOWHERE?" Bing Lan screamed with anger as she looked at Sword Demon and Max.

Max and Sword Demon looked at each other and shook their head. Unlike Bing Lan, they couldn't see his cultivation and didn't notice any change.

Bing Lan's words made Sword Demon curious but he couldn't do anything. He can only wait until Mike wakes up.

Bing Lan sighed and looked at Mike with a curious gaze as well. But, she couldn't find a single reason. At this moment, Mike was completely open to her spiritual sense. Of course, she couldn't sense deeper otherwise she could easily find the reason.

His dantian intrigued her a lot. She hasn't heard using the sword as a dantian. Not only that, Mike was average in swordsmanship.

She hasn't seen him using proper sword art. Since Mike wasn't awake, they could only wait. But, they weren't standing still.

They went to get those dead rhinos. Since they had to prepare for Mike's meal. Grilling meat on the first floor was something new for Bing Lan.

She enjoyed it a lot while talking with Max and Sword Demon. They talked about both of their worlds.

The talk went for hours until Mike woke up. It almost took six hours for him to manage some stamina.

Sniff! Sniff!

As soon as he woke up, his nose smelled the meat.

"Meat! Give me meat!"

Mike shouted with immense hunger. He dragged himself in front of Bing Lan and others. They were sitting next to firewood.

"You finally woke up. We were almost going to leave you." Max looked at Mike who took the piece of meat in Bing Lan's hand and spoke.

"Oh yeah! You were planning to leave at night." Mike pointed his thumb at the back and said. At this moment, it was a complete night.

"On the second thought, we should have left you hours ago." Max paused for a moment when he witnessed Mike's recovery after finishing the piece of meat.

"Well, enough of those useless words. I want to know you improve a whole realm during the battle." Sword Demon slowly walked in front of Mike and asked with an overbearing tone.

"Haven't you heard the word 'genius'?" Mike was slightly irritated as replied. He doesn't want others to disturb him during meals.

"Tell me!" Suddenly, Sword Demon caught his collar and asked with red eyes.

"I think you are forgetting something. You don't have authority over me." In an instant, six spirits burst out of him. The other five spirits suppressed him while the chaos spirit pushed him to the ground. Max and Bing Lan stood up but even they had a hard time standing on his spirits

"Argh!" Sword Demon screamed as he tried to get up. The sword intent rose from his body and condensed into a giant golden sword and rushed towards Mike.

But, suddenly the lightning flashed in Mike's eyes. Around him, everything moved at a slow speed.

Just when the sword was near his eye, he caught it with his bare hand. But the lightning bolts spread out and struck the sword, disintegrating it.

"I don't know what got you worked up but remember, you are weak," Mike spoke and retracted his spirits. He sat back and started chewing his meat.

"Sword Demon!" Max and Bing Lan hurriedly move towards him and helped him stand up.

"Hey, why did you have to go that far? He was just asking a question." Max looked at Mike and shouted.

"Is he a police?" Mike asked without any concern about Max's emotions.

"No..." Max replied.

"Am I a criminal or a suspect?" Mike asked again.

".... no" Max slowly understood what he meant and replied.

"Then, he doesn't have strength or authority to hold someone's collar."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 288
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why did you get so mad?" Bing Lan walked closer to Mike and asked with concern.

"I wasn't mad. I was simply showing him the reality." Mike shook his head and continued eating his meal. Max had taken Sword Demon away while Bing Lan decided to stay with him.

Bing Lan opened her mouth to say something but nothing came to her mouth. She knew Sword Demon was out of his line. There was no reason to get that aggressive. Both she and Max knew Mike was simply joking with him.

But, it seems Sword Demon couldn't take the joke properly like others.

"Don't worry too much! If he is aware of his position even by a little, he would immediately understand my words. Otherwise, there is no cure to his arrogance." Mike shook his head and distracted her.

She immediately turned her head at the sky and slowly moved closer to him.

"Let me lie down!" She spoke as she puts her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. Mike continued his meal while sitting still. Now he couldn't access the system either. Since he had nothing to do, he continued eating until he finished all the food.

After finishing his meal, he thought for a moment and puts his head on her head. He also closed his eyes and slowly fell asleep.

Next Morning,

"Yawn! That was a nice sleep." Mike stretched his arm as the ray of light entered his eyes. He looked at his shoulder and saw Bing Lan sleeping soundly. He didn't want to wake her up. So, he decided to wait. But, he wanted to do something else.

So, he focused on Void Law. Unlike other laws, he had the heart method of this law. So, he had a proper guide. All he needs was better concentration so that he can have better control over this law. He has just started on Void Concept. So, he didn't have much experience.

The only way to understand more about the void law would be through a better understanding of the universe inside his mind. He needs to have better control over the spatial coordinates. He kept his eyes closed and concentrated on the Universe inside his Mind.

Unfortunately, his concentration was broken by Bing Lan after half an hour. Even so, this meditation became extremely fruitful, allowing him to have a better understanding of the Void Concept.

"So, are we going to climb to the next floor today?" Bing Lan asked as she separates her head from his shoulder.  Mike nods his head and both of them waited for some time.

After a few minutes, Max and the Sword Demon came. While walking towards him, the Sword Demon couldn't look straight into Mike's eyes. Both of them stood in front of Mike and remained silent for a moment.

"Ahem!" Max cleared his throat and slapped Sword Demon's shoulder.

His action made Sword Demon clench his fist. But, slowly he lets his fist loose and bowed in front of Mike.

"I'm sorry for everything I did yesterday. I was consumed by the thoughts of getting stronger that I made actions that I am ashamed of."

Mike couldn't help but look at Sword Demon with satisfaction. Although he knew why he did that, he didn't want to go deep into such thoughts.

"Let's not think too deep about that. We need to leave this floor and access the next floor." Mike spoke as he stood up. Sword Demon raised his head and looked at Mike with confusion. He thought Mike could make some scene but didn't expect it to this easily.

But, he had to think about something else so he didn't give much thought over it. He straightened his back and nods his head.

"By the way, I used to Ascending to Godhood to level up. Don't ask me how because even I don't much about it. But, the entire world is a mixture of virtual reality and true reality. If you have the helmet, you can access the Ascending to Godhood sever which is also this world."

"But, we haven't brought up our helmet with us." Max and Sword Demon looked at each other shook their heads. Then, they looked at Mike and replied.

"It's okay. Even if you had brought it previously, you won't be able to cultivate it. For now, let's just focus on reaching the higher floor. I have some plans for you guys." Mike shook his hand and walked towards the direction previously pointed by Bing Lan.

He wanted to use his powers to give them spiritual root. But, he must make them his allies. And, he also needs a proper upgrade from his system to communicate with his girls. Following Mike, all four of them reached in front of the blue portal.

Bing Lan nodded her head and walked inside the portal. As they came out of the portal, Mike and others were surprised at themselves under a bright sun. Their eyesight blinded for a moment but it returned soon.

"Let's move on!" Mike thought for a while and started moving as soon as his eyesight returned to normal. He didn't ask Bing Lan about this floor since he knew many things have changed due to the difficulty level.

Mike scanned the surroundings and saw nothing but a deserted land. There was nothing, not even a single piece of grass on the ground. He was surprised by its desolation. But as they moved forward, Mike sensed something moving towards them.

"Duck!" Mike shouted as he crouched down on the ground. Others immediately followed his words as the big rocks fly above them.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Only when those stones fell behind them, everyone stand up and look at the front. It was a giant vulture. But, surprisingly this vulture had the body of a stone. It rose its mouth and condensed a giant piece of rock once again.

At this moment, Sword Demon bursts his sword intent. It condensed into a sword as he leaped on it. His sword soared towards the vulture as he condensed another sword at his right hand.

This sword shone with bright red light. The fiery flames burst out of the sword and condensed around it. Sword Demon thrusts the tip of the sword towards the stone.

Crack! Crack! Bang!

The sword broke the stone into pieces and moved towards the vulture's neck. But the vulture flapped its stone wings. The huge wave of wind smashed against his sword and extinguished the flames. Without the flame, the sword slowly disappeared in mid-air.

But, the vulture's stormy wind didn't stop. It moved towards Sword Demon forcing him to jump down from his sword. Fortunately, he was able to make another sword and land safely on the ground.

"It might have the heavy body but it knows how to take advantage of it. Be careful!" Sword Demon reminded as he looked at Mike.

"Alright!" Mike nodded his head and thought for a moment. His strength has certainly increased and he hasn't used qi properly. He knew this was the time to create something new.

"Alright! Let's try this!"

Mike shouted as he released his qi around him. At the same time, he spreads out his spirits. As he moved his thoughts, he condensed an armor with his qi. The blue armor wasn't much stronger. But when he used the spirit, he separated it into several parts.

The blood spirit condensed at his legs, the fighting spirit condensed at his arms, the slaughter spirit at his mind, the sword spirit in his left hand, and the spear spirit in his right hand. He also condensed the chaotic spirit in his body.

With six spirits surrounding him, the blue armor transformed into dark purple armor.

"Six spirits! When he did learn so many spirits?" Max looked at Mike with awe and asked.

"I don't know but having five of them at Purple Level is amazing. And, what's with that dark spirit. It seems chaotic and powerful." Sword Demon shook his head and muttered.

"That feels like demonic power. Are you sure you guys aren't lying to me?" Bing Lan suspiciously glanced at them while holding her sword. Although she didn't hate demons that much now, she still had that instinct.

"Of course not! I have seen Blood Demon Spirit. If you are talking about the exact demon that I am talking about. Then, that's not your demonic power. That seemed to be much more powerful than the demonic power." Sword Demon shook his head and answered as his pupils narrowed.

"Yeah, this doesn't feel demonic at all. When we face him, you will find the true demon." Max nodded his head as well and spoke. But suddenly, he tilts his head and asked: "By the way, can we call Alkiwon demon?"

"Are you an idiot? They are just aliens in our eyes." Sword Demon looked at Max with contempt in his eyes and snorted.

"I know but I wonder what they are doing right now. It was only during our battle with Blood Demon King, I was able to understand the depth of his powers." Max commented as he remembered more about the battle in his mind.

"He was able to force Blood Demon King to use his innate ability while having the same cultivation as us. He was on a completely different level." Sword Demon clenched his hand as he spoke with frustration appearing in his eyes.

He turned his eyes at Mike. At this moment, Mike activates his Desolate Bloodline and released the blood energy to his hands. One hand held a sword and another hand holds the spear. He gripped them tightly and thrusts them forward.

"Weapon Version: Bull's Thrust!"

Bang!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 289
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The spear and sword released intense energy at the same time but suddenly the energy stopped a few meters away from Mike. Suddenly, the blood energy collided against his hands and released an intense shockwave out of his hands.

Bang!

The shockwave smashed the energy and released an immense impact on the vulture. This impact not only carried the uniqueness of the energy but also held the immense strength of the shockwave.

Boom! Crack! Crack! Crack!

When the vulture sensed the impact, it made the vulture flap its wings furiously and sent Mike flying. Unfortunately, the wind impact was destroyed by the impact as they reached the vulture. The collision created several effects as the cracks started appearing on the vulture.

Screech!

The vulture screamed upon the intense pain and flapped its wings. This time the rocks burst out of its body and increased the size of its wings. It raised and moved its wings to block the continuous flow of impact.

Mike also sensed the vulture using its wing to block the impact and released another shockwave. This time he pushed his spirits to condense more energy. Although his tactic worked, the size of the energy wall didn't improve.

It only got thick. This meant Mike needs even more power to create the impact.

"Ahhhhhhhh!" Mike screamed as he intently burned his bloodline. This was the move he learned from those books. He never dared to try this before but now his Celestial Bloodline was level three. Although he learned about it from those books, he properly learned this move from Zemin.

Burning his bloodline, he was able to produce more blood energy. This newly produced blood energy reached his fist and released the intense shockwave from the weapons. These were supposed to collide with the weapon instead of integrating with them to create the shockwave.

And, he was using the spirit energy to create a wall that can also help shockwave create a powerful impact. This impact gets released to the opposite side of him due to the movement of the energy in the energy wall.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

When Mike released the impact from the energy wall, it collided against the vulture's body. The impact smashed the wings and also its body. Since the impact was much more powerful than the previous time, the wings and the body couldn't hold it.

Screech! Screech! Screech!

As soon as he destroyed the vulture, he heard the screaming from the surroundings. In no time, he was surrounded by a bunch of vultures.

Thud!

The body of the vulture fell on the ground. Mike looked at the other vulture with an intense stare. He knew this wasn't going to be easy. But, he had enough stamina to hold on. With the help of qi around his body, he was trying to put all of the pressure from the spirit in the qi.

He didn't want his body to tire so easily. But, suddenly he noticed some changes. The vultures moved towards the dead vulture and started eating it until it was completely eaten. Feeding on dead was the like a hobby of vultures.

Suddenly, Mike took the spear spirit and sword spirit back to his body. He released the golden slime and transformed it into a pair of gloves. He used the space law and teleported himself above those vultures.

The lightning and fire took over his left and right fists. Four spirits were still in his body and only when he sensed the cold killing intent from the vulture, his slaughter spirit started working. His red eyes glow and the fire law condensed a massive flame around his right fist.

Boom!

With the punch on the ground, Mike released intense flames that burned around him. The vulture flapped their big wings and released the massive wind. While the wind blew away the flames, they covered their bodies with rock.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Even though they used the rocks to cover themselves, the hot wind swept them away as Mike landed in the middle.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

The rocks started cracking as one of the vultures felt cold breaths. Mike suddenly appeared behind it. The golden gloves transformed into a spear as he thrusts it at the neck.

Splash!

The spear pierced the neck as the blood dripped on the ground from its tip. Mike pulled the spear and disappeared once again. His Vanishing Aura made it impossible to track him. Mike was still relying on spirits and qi.

The vultures scattered far from Mike. Unfortunately, Mike had just got deeper comprehension of Void Concept. Indirectly, it improved his Space Law. He was easily able to teleport himself beyond one of the vultures.

But, at this moment, the vulture had already covered itself with tough rocks. Mike knew he didn't have a chance to easily pierce this stone. His spear transformed into a massive hammer. He held the hammer with both of his hands and smashed at the vulture.

Bang! Thud!

The collision made the vulture fall to the ground with a great impact. But, the golden hammer trembled. Mike instantly noticed the reason as he looked at the stone around the vulture. At this moment, he forgot that his Golden Slime was the only E-Rank item.

He thought for a moment and appeared next to Bing Lan, asking.

"Do you have Heaven-Rank Weapons?"

"I have some. But, I don't think you can use them properly." Bing Lan nodded her head took out dozens of weapons. Some of them were the spear, saber, dagger, ax, hammer, whips, and even knuckles. But, surprisingly, there wasn't a single sword.

Sword Demon glanced at her with confusion.

"What? Obviously, I won't give him the weapon I can use. Except for swords, I don't use anything. And, these are the weapons I got after killing some geniuses during several events." Bing Lan rolled her at Sword Demon and explained.

"It doesn't matter. Ten are good enough for me!" Mike pointed the hammer towards the weapon and said "Devour!"

As soon as he spoke, the golden hammer transformed into the golden slime. This startled others but before they could ask, the golden slime-covered those weapons with its slimy body. A huge impact erupts out of it as its size decreases.

It happened a few times until all of the weapons were devoured by the slime.

"Is that a slime? Wait, your slime can transform into a weapon?" Max looked at Mike with amazement and asked.

"Of course, it can! Everything I have is extraordinary. Though it does consume a lot of resources to upgrade." Mike proudly elongated his nose as he spoke.

"What is slime? It feels like a living being." Bing Lan turned her head at Max and asked.

"You don't know what slime is? Seriously, slime is the lowest level monster in any game. Wait, you don't have games here." Max looked at Bing Lan with a weird expression and tried to explain.

"Slimes are the creatures that look like sponges and normally have low strength. Of course, even a dragon can have lower strength than some slime. Normally, slimes don't appear in golden color. It must be an evolved version of slime."

"This might be the reason why it can transform into a weapon. But, devouring other weapons to get stronger! It is still amazing. It is almost like a cheat." Sword Demon explained as he curiously glanced at the slime.

"Well, he was indeed evolved. As for the rest, there are some secrets." Mike said as he disappeared. At this moment, others realized those vultures were already moving towards them. All of them were in a group as they advanced further.

He appeared between them and released his Space Law.

"Alright, it's time to try something new," Mike spoke as he condensed the Space Law around him. He manipulated the spatial coordinates, created some, and finally made a circular cage around the vultures.

Suddenly, the vultures panicked and tried to strike the cage. But, at this moment, huge spikes appeared inside the cage. At the same time, the cage started shrinking.

"I don't believe I can't crush you guys with my Space Law." Mike snorted as he condensed the controls of the spatial coordinates at his hand. To strengthen the power of the cage, he released his spirit energy from his had alongside qi.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The spikes were everywhere inside the cage. Vultures stone body started cracking as the spikes pierced it. At the same time, the spirit energy and qi strengthen the durability and powers of the spikes.

Screech! Screech! Screech!

Suddenly, those vultures started flapping their wings and moving left and right, up and down. The vulture in the middle suddenly screamed and every other vulture released a massive amount of stone around their bodies.

Crackle! Crackle! Crackle!

Those stones suddenly spread around them and covered every vulture inside them. Mike tried to use his spiritual sense to look inside the stones but couldn't do it. He found he couldn't use the space law to penetrate his sight either.

Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! Bang!

Slowly, the stone cover increased in size and started crushing the spikes. Seeing this, Mike's eyes shrunk. He didn't know what was happening but no matter what it was, the cage exploded when the size of the stone cover got even bigger than the cage.

Crack! Bang!

Screech!!!!!!!

Suddenly, the stone cover exploded into pieces. Inside it, there was only one vulture but it was massive than ten vultures combined.

Seeing this, Mike finally panicked. He turned around and shouted, "Guys, I need a little help."

Hearing his words, three of them looked at each other with confusion. Mike snapped his finger and teleported them to his place while he teleported at the ground.

"Wait, I can't fly!" Max suddenly screamed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 290
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Don't worry, I am using Space Law on you. Just do everything to keep it away from me for a moment." Mike shouted as he glanced at the slime glowing the golden luster around it.

"Oh! Don't scare me like that." Max wiped away the cold sweat and shouted back.

"Don't worry, your skin is thick enough to bear the impact from a fall." Sword Demon glanced at him and spoke. He was flying on the sword. Looking at the giant twenty-meter tall vulture, he condensed the swords around him.

Each sword was different. One was on fire, another was on the water, another was on the wind, another was covered with rocks, and finally, the last one was silver metal.

"Sword Intent- Five Mountains Over Heaven!"

The five swords swiftly rushed toward the vulture forming a pentagram formation. The metal sword was at the top while fire and water swords were at the side, exactly opposite to each other. As for the wind and earth swords, they were at the bottom, positioned exactly the same as fire and water.

Screech!

The massive vulture screamed, releasing the intense waves of wind. These waves formed several sharp shapes as they moved towards the swords.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

"Supernova Strike!"

Boom!

The wind blew up those swords into pieces and moved towards others. Seeing the upcoming attack, Max rushed in front of everyone and clenched his fist. His muscles clenched together and smashed the waves of wind.

His punch blew up the wind like an explosion and the impact swept away everything around him. With the help of Space Law, he was able to remain still in the air. But, Sword Demon and Bing Lan had a hard time managing their positions in the air.

"Heavenly Sacred Sword Art- Triple Sword Rush!"

Bing Lan balanced herself and condensed the blue qi around her body. The qi condensed into a giant sword while reaching out in her legs. The blue qi formed some tiny swords blew her feet.

Whoosh!

As soon as she formed a giant blue sword above her palm, the golden qi burst out of her hands and coats the blue sword. Suddenly, the blue sword spilit into three different swords with the power of golden qi. The tiny swords below her feet moved as she reached near the vulture in split second.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Her sword smashed at the body of the vulture three times in the row before even it could dodge. The swords struck its body and left three big holes on its chest.

Screech!

Whoosh! Thud!

The vulture screamed out loud and flapped its massive wings. The wing generates from the flap and pushed Bing Lan to the ground.

"Gah!"

She coughed out blood as her upper body jerked up from the collision.

"Damn! I will take her to safety. Cover me!" Sword Demon shouted as he rushed towards Bing Lan on his sword. Max nodded his head and sprinted towards the vulture. He raised his hand and slammed a punch, generating massive force on it.

"Giant Supernova Strike!"

Bang!

But, when his fist collided against the stone, Max couldn't even make a dent.

"Shit!" Max cursed but before he could do anything, the vulture snorted and flapped its wings.

Huff!

Whoosh! Thud!

The wind generated from the flap slammed Max to the ground as well.

"Mike, how long?" Sword Demon gritted his teeth upon seeing Max on the ground. He hasn't even rescued Bing Lan.

"Just a minute!" Mike shouted. He had already understood the strength level of the vulture. If he wants to defeat that creature, he needs a proper weapon. His lightning, fire, and even space element aren't wrong properly.

His physical strength isn't enough as well. He needs a powerful boost in strength. But, he didn't want to enter those modes as well. This was the lower part of the second floor. He can't rely on his secret cards right now.

"Pathetic! Is that all you can do?" Suddenly, a cold voice on his ears. Sword Demon turned his head and saw a girl floating in the air. She was none other than Thorn Princess. Seeing her, the Sword Demon released a deep breath of relief.

"Great Wood Lock!"

Thorn Princess moved her hands and interlocked them. Suddenly, two giant blocks of wood rose from the ground and formed a fist in each giant wood. It stretched high and caught the vulture between two palms.

Screech! Screech! Screech!

Bang!

The vulture screamed out loud. The sandy rocks trembled around him while the wind generates at its mouth. With several screams, dozens of sharp wind emerged from its mouth and spread around him.

Clack! Clack! Clack!

The wood got easily chopped by the wind blades and fell on the ground.

"Wood Law?" Bing Lan who had barely risen from the ground saw the wood falling in the ground and shouted in shock.

There has been one major difference between law and concept. The concept creates temporary objects that will turn into dust after taking damage. Law creates a permanent object that can only disappear when the creators want it to disappear.

"So, you were stuck on the second floor." Sword Demon spoke with a smirk as he saw her wood falling on the ground. He wanted to make her realize that she doesn't have greater strength either.

"Humph!" Thorn Princess snorted and folded her hands.

"Alright, I guess it's my time to enter the show," Mike shouted as he fell from the sky above the vulture. He had a massive hammer on his hand as he smashed it on the vulture's back.

Bang! Crack! Crack! Crack! "Gah!"

The hammer smashed through its stone armor and smashed at the body. The vulture screamed with pain and coughed out blood. But, Mike didn't let it go this easily. He hurriedly teleported above its falling body and transformed the hammer into the spear.

Clack! Crack! Crack!

But, in the meantime, the vulture had already covered its body with the stone. When Mike thrusts his sword, it only struck the stone body. But this time his spear pierced through the stone and the crack began to appear.

"You think you can hide forever. It's time to say goodbye." Mike spoke as he raised his right hand. Suddenly, a spatial cube appears above his palm. Within that cube, lightning and fire emerged out. The cube slowly expands itself as he throws it at the vulture.

"Space God Scripture- Moving Hell Prison"

Before it could make any move, the stone armor breaks, and it gets covered by the cube. Suddenly, the lightning and flame burst inside the cube. The vulture flapped its wings to destroy the lightning and flame, unfortunately, lightning bolts gathered together and formed giant chains.

These chains bound the vulture while the flames started burning its wing.

Splash! Splash! Splash!

Suddenly, three spikes emerged inside the cube and pierced the body. Mike was waiting for this moment. He used lightning and flames as distraction. Because he knew the vulture will use its wings to generate wind.

The wind could blow out the flames and even the lightning and even the space cage. But all of this was the distraction so that the vulture won't cover himself with stone immediately. The spikes pierced its body and finally, the vulture fell inside the cube.

Suddenly, the vulture split into small vultures and fell to the ground. At the same time, a notification rang on his mind.

[Earned 80000 EXP]

[Would you like to level up?]

[Yes] [No]

Seeing this notification, Mike thought for a moment and called out for the status panel.

[Cultivator- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Martial Master- First Stage

EXP- 90000/15000

Wealth- Nil

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.]

Mike clicked on yes and his cultivation rose rapidly. He didn't understand why the system didn't notify him previously. But, he didn't think too much. After all, he has no idea how this system actually works.

[Cultivator- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Martial Master- Fourth Stage

EXP- 0/150000

Wealth- Nil

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.]

'If I am not wrong then, previously it should have increased by ten thousand. This time it increased by fifteen thousand plus the previously EXP limit. That means the next level will increase the EXP limit by twenty thousand. I guess that works.'

'I earned ten thousand EXP for each vulture. Well, I think I need to hunt more for more EXP. For now, let's just focus on reaching the upper ground and meet our cold princess as well.' Mike thought for a moment and silently dropped to the ground.

Everyone else had already landed on the ground as well.

"It's been a long time, hasn't it? Thorn Princess." Mike walked closer to her as he smiled and shake his hand.

Thorn Princess also walked towards her and raised her hand.

Slap!

"You have face to see me after hanging me for so long!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 291
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ouch! That really hurts. It wasn't my intention to run disappear. How come I am blamed for this?" Mike muttered as he covered his cheeks. He couldn't believe he was slapped by her. But, he couldn't make a move against her either.

He could only complain inside his heart.

"It's your fault for disappearing without giving me a chance." Thorn Princess shouted as her cheeks blushed fiercely.

"Wow! That's something new." Seeing her blushing face, Mike couldn't help but tease her.

"You got that right. I never thought icy cold beauty Thorn Princess can blush." Max nodded his head in shock. He was indeed shocked. He looked turned his head and looked at Mike, giving him a thumbs-up.

Suddenly, he felt the cold glare from the cold beauty. His skin trembled as he shifted his head to the other side and whistled.

Hearing their words, Bing Lan narrowed her eyes as she looked at Thorn Princess. She felt a huge threat from this princess. The same goes for Thorn Princess, she also felt a huge threat from Bing Lan.

Both looked at each other and lightning sparkled between them. Mike looked at them and sighed "Can we settle this later? We seriously need to clear this tower soon. I have to get out of this Lightning Spirit World."

"Are you in such urgency?" Bing Lan glanced at Mike and asked. She never thought Mike was trying to cross this for the reason to leave this world.

"Yes, I have something to attend in Zhen Xu Continent. That's why we need to reach as much high as we can faster." Mike spoke.

Hearing his words, Thorn Princess remained silent for a moment. Bing Lan nodded her head and led them to the stairs of the second floor. On the way, they discussed a bit and soon reached the staircase.

"What do you think we will face? Crazy Gorillas or Fire Breathing Dragon?" Max excitedly asked as he jumped on the stairs. Everyone looked at him and shook their hands.

"Don't jinx us!"

"Hey, it's not like there will be Crazy Gorillas and Fire Breathing Dragon," Max yelled as he climbed the stairs behind everyone else.

Half an hour later,

Roar! Bang! Bang! Bang!

"We said, don't jinx us." Everyone shouted at Max as they saw the dozens of gorillas slamming their chests and rushing towards them. Each of them had ten feet tall height and seven feet wide body. Each time they slammed their fists on the ground, everything shook.

"I think we should send Max this time. It would be a gorilla against another gorilla." Mike folded his head arms and suggested.

"That's pretty reasonable! It would be a good match-up and we can see which gorilla can win. By the way, I want to place my bets on the real gorilla." Sword Demon nodded his head and spoke.

"Since you are placing the bets on real gorilla, I will be generous enough to put my bet on Max." Then, Mike turned his head to Max and said "I'm putting all of my wealth on you. Win for me!"

"You guys aren't serious about this, are you?" Max looked at them and asked. Hearing his question, Mike and Sword Demon smirked at each other.

A few seconds later,

"You guys? I seriously think this is not a good idea. I won't be able to stay alive after thisssss." Max shouted as he felt his leg getting pulled by a gorilla.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

"You guys are enjoying this, aren't you?" Thorn Princess speechlessly looked at Mike and Sword Demon watching the battle wearing sunglasses.

A minute later,

Max stood in front of Mike and Sword Demon with his eyes turned blue. His body was full of bruises and the entire head was burning with pain.

"You guys are so cruel." Max painfully uttered those words as he stood in front of them. It was only thanks to Thorn Princess that he was able to successfully escape the gorilla's beating.

"I guess, you win the bet," Mike said as he walked towards the gorilla.

"You did great. Now, he has to get us the helmets" Sword Demon patted his shoulder and said.

"You were betting on helmets. Wait, doesn't that mean we can cultivate here as well?" Max suddenly felt energetic as he puts his hands on Sword Demons' shoulder and asked.

"Yeah! But, we still have to wait until we get out of this world." Sword Demon nodded his head.

Thorn Princess also got those worlds and asked "You mean we can enter Ascending to Godhood from here."

During their walk to the staircase, she had already asked a lot about this world and know some basic things about this world. So, she never considered Ascending to Godhood to be a part of this world. Yes, and he is probably going to level up after this battle.

As he said, the battle ended with Mike winning. It was completely dominated especially with the help of his new weapons. There were nearly twelve gorillas, each of them giving him fifteen thousand EXP. He instantly reached the fifth stage as he clicked on yes.

[Cultivator- Mike Tyson

Cultivation- Martial Master- Fifth Stage

EXP- 30000/180000

Wealth- Nil

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.]

"I think I need to hunt more monsters so that I can improve faster." Mike thought for a moment and nodded his head. He walked towards Bing Lan and asked "Do you think we can find more monsters? I think it would be a good idea to improve my strength here before entering the next floor."

"After all, each floor is difficult than the previous floor."

Bing Lan touched her chin and thought for a moment.

"I guess, you are right. Since you can increase your realm by killing monsters, we can wander around and kill more monsters. But, wouldn't that delay you?"

Hearing her questions, Mike seriously realized his problem and thought more. Finally, he decided to stay more and earn EXPs. He wanted to improve his cultivation as soon as he can.

At the same time,

"Lucas, run away! I will hold this monster." Olive shouted as the claw of the wolf slammed at her back. She stumbled a few times and fell to the ground.

"Don't be stupid! I can't face Mike if I leave you alone." Lucas shouted as he gritted his teeth filled with blood and stood up. His chest was bleeding and he had lost one of his arms. He was holding the sword in another arm.

"And, do you think Mike can face Lauren if you die? She has already lost one of her brothers. She has only you to live. Don't make Mike's life difficult. You can't fight or help me. Just run away!" Olive shouted as she stood up while supporting herself in her legs.

The wounds on her body were healing fast but she didn't have much stamina to keep up. But as soon as she stood up, the wolf struck her once again.

Ding!

Suddenly, the wolf moved its claw above her and tried to slam it on her face. But, a sword appeared beneath its claw and blocked it.

"Ahhh! Go away!" Lucas swings the sword with all of his strength and pushed the wolf back. He rushed towards Olive and said "I can't leave. But, you must leave. Lauren is my sister but she won't stay with me forever."

"Except for her, I have no one that I truly love. I don't have a burden on my shoulder. But, you do! Don't think about the future. We don't have the luxury for that. Just focus on saving yourself! Go away!"

Suddenly, Lucas caught her waist and throw her with every bit of his strength.

"Nooooooo!" Olive shouted with the tears gushing out of her eyes. She screamed as she tried to reach out but she couldn't.

Thud!

"Why? Why? WHY?" Olive slammed her hands on the ground and shouted. She didn't even care about the injuries she suffered during the fall.

Tap! Tap!

Suddenly, she heard the footstep. She raised her head and saw a man standing in front of her. At this moment, tears gushed out of her eyes as she shuttered "Please----- save him!"

"Ahh! I guess I can do it for his favor." A man caressed his hair and disappeared.

At this moment,

Lucas was facing the wolf while breathing hard.

'Am I going to die? I guess I can't conquer. It seems I can't get stronger than this. Damn! I hate it. I wanted to know. I wanted to see the world beyond swords. I want to reach the peak of the swordsmanship.'

'But now, I can't reach that step. I need to accept my death. But…..'

Lucas gritted his teeth and bites his lips. He gripped his sword and stood in a fighting stance even though his legs were trembling.

"Idiot, you can't expect to break through in the life and death situation at every moment of your life." Suddenly, a voice rang in his ear. Suddenly, dozens of silver metal appeared around the wolf and instantly formed a cage.

Roar!

The wolf roared but the man appeared behind Lucas and caught his waist. With lightning speed, he disappeared towards Olive.

"You owe me a big favor now, Mike!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 292
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Finally reached the eighth stage of Martial Master Realm. Let's head up to the next floor." Mike and others stood in front of the portal as he stretched his arms and yawn.

"Are you going to be alright? You had fought for so long and hadn't rested even a bit." Bing Lan looked at him with concern and asked.

"Didn't we eat the meal? That's all I need. As for rest, it doesn't matter." Mike shook his head and continued walking towards the portal.

Bing Lan looked at others and all of them shrugged their shoulders. They don't know much about Mike, so they didn't know how to answer her.

Everyone followed Mike and entered the floor. Unlike the previous floor, this floor was filled with forest. They appeared in the middle of it.

"So, it's forest this time. I guess this will be harder since there are trees to block our range of attacks. But, it would be a good place for you guys to hide." Mike spoke as he observe the surroundings.

"It's not like we want to hide. And, it was only due to your ridiculous strength." Max folded his arms and snorted. He walked towards the other way.

"I hope they don't have a fire-breathing dragon." Max sighed as he looked around.

"Please, stop jinxing us! We don't want to face dragon now." Bing Lan speechlessly closed his mouth and spoke.

Covered his mouth like that, Max felt insulted. But, he didn't do anything.

Bing Lan removed her hand and Mike spread his spiritual sense as well as space law to scan his surroundings.

"We got the company, guys." Mike instantly sensed the movements few thousand meters away in the forest and alerted everyone.

"Oh yeah! What are they?" Sword Demon asked.

"Are they fire-breathing dragons?" Max opened his mouth and made everyone glare at him.

"It seems to be a pack of wolves. And, they are advancing pretty quickly. Hold your positions!" Mike shouted as he released his spirits and coats his body.

Roar!

In just a few seconds, a wolf pounced towards  him with incredible speed, showings its bare teeth. Mike didn't flinch. He simply coats his hand with the slaughter spirit and takes a step forward. He clenched his hand and punched straight.

The fist struck its mouth and broke all of its teeth. The blood and bones fell to the ground as the wolf got smashed at the tree. But, the wolves didn't stop pouncing towards him.

Many of them pounced at him at the same time with a great impact. If it was anyone, he would've run away. Unfortunately, Mike was completely ready to face them. The space law locked into their attacks even before they could make a move.

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

With several strokes on their heads, Mike managed to slaughter them with ease. At the same time, he found out their strength. Each of them gave him twenty thousand EXP. But, suddenly he got the notification in his head.

"System Evolution Complete! Would you like to boot the system?"

Seeing the familiar system panel in front of him, Mike made a big smile as he said yes through his thoughts. He was waiting for this system evolution to be completed. After all, it has been over two days since he had entered the tower.

"System booting! Opening Status Panel!"

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 3

Cultivation- Martial Master- Eighth Stage

User- Mike Tyson

Spiritual Root- Sword

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-2)

Physical Strength- Martial King

Laws Manipulation- Martial King

Qi Battle- Martial Master

Spirits- Martial King

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+20000 STR), SuperSpeed (+20000 AGI), Super Endurance (+20000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art (Incomplete)

Martial Arts- Space God Scripture, Chaos Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, and Vanishing Aura

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, and Pioneer Eyes

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0 (Can't be used), Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*4, Supreme Fairy*1"

"Finally! Man, I was dying for this upgrade." Mike muttered as he looked at the new system panel that seems to have changed a little but not much.

"By the way, I would like to receive those rewards later. I need to cross this tower soon." Mike spoke as he walked towards the group.

"Don't worry, Mike! I will take care of everything." Suddenly, Claire's voice sounded in his mind. But, this time it was a little different. It felt like a lover.

"Woah! This is the first time you have ever called me Mike. Is it because of system evolution?" Mike curiously asked.

"Yes! As the system evolves, I also improve and the system has fewer restrictions on me. From now on, not only you can access things that are specific to the system but also the items that can be found in the outside world."

"Like a car, you can buy one from the store. You can also buy nuclear weapons." Claire spoke with an excited tone.

'Seriously! That's freaking awesome. By the way, can you do me a favor? Send a message to Jenny and ask her to send Lauren. For now, tell her that she can't come to this world. It's too threatening for her.'

'I need to get stronger before she comes here.' Mike spoke through his thoughts as he got closer to other people.

"But, there is no need to do that. If you want to chat, you can simply use the system for video calls. With level three system, it can easily communicate with them even though universes." Claire instantly rejected his command and gave him a suggestion.

'Wait a minute! Doesn't that mean this system has turned into a cellphone?' Mike's expression froze for a moment as he spoke.

"Basically yeah! This system even has the camera." Claire said.

'Seriously! Where are the cameras?' Mike asked.

"Your eyes! They can work as a camera. It can record everything you see. Of course, you can't use beautify or any software that can increase your handsomeness in the picture." Claire giggled as she explained.

Mike speechless shook his head and said 'By the way, those physical attributes. They have disappeared and these new comparison has appeared. So, does this mean it can compare my strength to another cultivator instead of showing me the physical attributes?'

"Yes, it does show the comparison. This is easier for you to understand your battle strength. But, do take a note. The comparison is only against the average cultivators. If it is a genius, then this comparison can't determine the outcome." Claire nodded her head and explained.

'Well, it doesn't matter. I have prepared those modes to face off against the geniuses. Not to mention, I can use qi, spirit, and body to fight even against the early Martial Emperor. And, if I use the God of Sex Versions I can even fight middle or late Martial Emperor.' Mike proudly bragged in his heart.

Early represents one to three stages, the middle represents four to six, and late represents seven to nine. This is a short way to explain the estimation of the cultivation realm.

Claire decided to stay silent. Although it felt like bragging, Mike was speaking the truth. Otherwise, it would be impossible to defeat these wolves so easily.

"So, are we going to the upper ground or hunt more wolves?" Max asked.

Mike was startled by his question. He thought for a moment and said "Let's head for the upper ground."

Following his words, everyone rushed towards the upper ground. And, just like lower ground, it was filled with forest. They wandered around the forest while Mike suddenly noticed something.

"Who are you? Stop hiding and come out!"

Mike's words started everyone. They tried to find the person hiding but couldn't even feel him.

Clap! Clap!

"You are amazing, Mike. I am thankful that I prepared myself beforehand." A lofty voice rang as a person suddenly appeared in front of them.

'What was that? I didn't feel any use of space law but it was almost as fast as teleportation.' Mike got startled when the man appeared in front of him. But, when he saw his face, he got even more surprised.

"Silver King!" Max, Sword Demon, Thorn Princess, and Mike shouted at the same time.

"It has been a long time or rather I should say, it has been a hard time. I have brought a present for you, Mike." Silver King's words made me even more confused. Mike tried to guess but nothing came to his mind.

Suddenly, a cage appeared beside Silver King. Inside the cage, there were a girl and a boy severely wounded. Seeing them, Mike suddenly released his slaughter intent as his red eyes glared at Silver King.

"What do you mean by this?" Mike gritted his teeth as he spoke with hatred.

"I didn't mean anything. I saved them from death. If you don't believe me, you can ask them. But, I did that for something. And, knowing its preciousness, you might not give it to me just because I saved them. That's why I had no choice but to imprison them." Silver King suddenly snapped his finger and two metallic spikes reached near their forehead.

"What do you want?" Mike's crazy slaughter spirit was suffocating others. But, he didn't even care about that. He never expected the Silver King will use Lucas and Olive for something.

"I want your Celestial Bloodline blood essence."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 293
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hearing those words, everyone shifted their gazes at Mike. They have all seen his insane healing ability. And, Lauren had revealed his bloodline name during the Atharos King Dungeon Raid. She would have never thought it would backfire Mike.

"I will give you the celestial bloodline blood essence. First, let them leave." Mike's voice was full of hostility as he spoke. He hated when people try to mess with his family.

"Don't take me as an idiot! Your words alone can't guarantee anything. First, give me your blood essence and then I will let them go." Silver King shook his head and sternly gaze at Mike. He knew his strength and he wasn't foolish enough to believe in Mike.

"Alright! But, I can't believe you either. Once I take out my blood essence, you will let them go while I will give it to Sword Demon. You know his character, right? He can send it to you." Mike didn't trust him either.

Silver King thought for a moment and nodded his head.

Mike immediately sat down on the ground and closed his eyes. The blood essence is something important to a bloodline user. Normally, the powerful people leave their blood essence as a form of inheritance.

Of course, Mike can also create his blood essence but it will only have the effect of bloodline and not his powers. He didn't understand the reason but he can guess that Silver King needs this bloodline to heal himself or someone close to him.

But, there is one little problem. Extracting the blood essence right now might hamper his bloodline growth. After all, celestial bloodline hasn't reached its full potential yet. But even so, Mike didn't hesitate to exchange it for Lucas and Olive.

Both of them were important to him, even more than the bloodline. He knows how to extract the blood essence. First, he must extract the part of the source. It is inside his sea of consciousness. He releases his spiritual sense inside the sea of consciousness and finds the celestial bloodline source at the corner.

Now, he needs to extract it. But, there is a minor problem. He needs to bear the pressure released by the bloodline while extracting it. And, he wasn't sure whether his spiritual sense was strong enough to bear that pressure or not.

"Arghhh!"

The moment he transformed his spiritual sense into himself and tried to pull the part of the source, the bloodline released an intense pain. The pain struck through his body from his sea of consciousness. A scream came out of his mouth.

"Mike!" Bing Lan and Thorn Princess shouted as they tried to move near Mike. But, Sword Demon and Max stopped them. At this moment, Mike can't be disturbed. Although they didn't know what he was doing, they knew it is something dangerous.

Bing Lan instantly realized when they were stopped and bites her lips. Unlike her, Thorn Princess tried to push them away and move forward. Unfortunately, Bing Lan stopped her and said "If Mike is disturbed right now, his consciousness will take a huge damage that might take years to recover."

Even from Mike's scream, Lucas and Olive didn't open their eyes. Both of them were incredibly low on stamina and also unconscious.

Thorn Princess turned her head at Silver King and asked "Why are you doing this? Are you trying to make him your enemy?"

Thorn Princess's words not only contained anger but also threats. Silver King had helped them against Blood Demon King. He wasn't a typical bad guy in their eyes. But, at this moment Silver King was truly using Mike's weakness to gain something.

"You might understand in future. Sometimes we are left with no choice. Either take a risk or regret it for your lifetime. I don't want to regret anything. As for being his enemy, it doesn't matter. He might be stronger now but it won't last long." Silver King spoke as he shook his head.

He knew something that others didn't. Hearing his words, they couldn't find his end goal. But, he knew he had already warned them.

"Arghhh!" Mike screams continued until he started coughing blood. His skin turned pale red and the silver hair started turning white.

"What's happening? This wasn't supposed to happen when we extract the bloodline." Bing Lan screamed when she saw his condition.

"What happened?" Sword Demon and others saw her disbelieve and asked. They could see fear in her eyes.

"He is losing his lifespan. This wasn't supposed to happen." Suddenly, Bing Lan turned her head at Silver King and asked "You know something, don't you? You knew about this. You wanted to weaken Mike."

As soon as they heard her words, everyone released their powers. They looked at Silver King as if they were ready to fight him at any given moment. Suddenly, the cage moved startling them. They got even more cautious but soon, the cage reached in front of others.

"I didn't know this would happen. You can keep the girls but they will still be inside the cage. So, don't take any unnecessary actions." Silver King warned them as turned his head at Mike. He knew this would happen rather he knew Mike would get weaken.

But, he didn't know that he would lose his lifespan. Even he didn't understand why this happened.

Actually, it had a simple answer. Mike's celestial bloodline heals everything even itself. But when source is damaged, it can only use his lifespan to heal himself. Mike could have controlled this if he wasn't injured this extent.

"Gah!" Mike coughed one more time before a red blood emerged out of his body. This blood was releasing a red energy that coats itself. With that red energy, the blood didn't get clogged in the air.

Slowly, Mike opened his eyes as well. He looked at the blood essence and sighed. He knew what was happening inside his body but he couldn't do anything to stop it. He didn't truly aged but his body showed some of its signs

He mainly lost his lifespan. It was certainly bad but he could recover it as long as he reach the higher realm. Each realm increases his lifespan by fifty years. He could easily increase it once again after reaching the Martial Grandmaster Realm.

He turned his eyes at Silver King but when he didn't see the cage, he instantly narrowed his eyes and released his slaughter spirit. But soon, he sensed the cage near his group and took back his slaughter spirit.

"Release them!" Mike spoke as he used his spiritual sense to send the blood essence to Sword Demon. Silver King threw a metallic ball and said "Contain the blood essence inside it and pass it to Sword Demon!"

"Alright!" Mike nodded his head and put the blood essence inside it. As soon as he does that, his spiritual sense control gets blocked. He tightly holds the ball and says "Now, release them!"

Silver King nodded his head and released them. Mike used the Space Law to teleport them in his arms while he threw the ball at the Sword Demon. He hurriedly check their condition and used the Ten Thousand Poison Spell.

This not only works as a poison but also heals others. He found they were injured but still safe. The only problem was their stamina. Silver King got his hands on the metallic ball and saluted at Mike.

"I hope you can survive now!"

As soon as his words rang on their ears, everyone regained their vigilant. Mike instantly used his space law to scan everything around him.

Clap! Clap!

"Space Law, Lightning Law, Fire Law, immense physical strength, unique abilities and strange modes. If I wasn't clever enough to defuse your modes, I would've been foolish to fight you in this world." Suddenly, the cold voice rang on their ears.

Sword Demon, Max, Thorn Princess instantly recognized this voice while Mike and Bing Lan remained clueless. But, Mike had the hunch that this voice belong to that person.

"So, this was the part of your plan. Weakening me and then attacking me!" Mike snorted as he held both of them in his arms and send them back to his Inner World. Seeing their disappearing out of nowhere even stunt him.

"I guess I still underestimated you." The man slowly appeared in others view as he spoke. This man was known other than Blood Demon King, standing tall and handsome. He was a devil in angel's face.

"I guess you have a lot to know more about me. And, I can finally take revenge for Luke." Mike turned his head at the young man standing next to Blood Demon King and spoke. The murderous intent flashed on his eyes and the slaughter spirit erupts out.

"Are you sure we should fight right now? You are not in better condition and don't forget that guy name Mantle next to Blood Demon King also has the strength equal to Max." Sword Demon slowly approached Mike from behind and spoke.

"Yes, we are going to fight," Mike spoke but suddenly a sword pierced through his stomach.

Splash!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 294
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Why?" Mike turned his head and asked with disbelieve, anger, hatred, and several different emotions on his face. Even Max, Thorn Princess, and Bing Lan were left clueless by his betrayal. It felt like their hearts were stabbed thousand times.

"Because we were never friends." Sword Demon replied with a cold tone. There was not a single trace of guilt or pride in his eyes. This time he felt exactly the same when Mike first met him. The cold, aloof, and untouchable swordsman.

Splash!

Sword Demon slowly withdrew his sword and walked towards the Blood Demon King. He stood next to him while facing another way. Blood Demon King took out a sword sheath and threw it at him.

'No, how could he have that sword?' Suddenly, the little black shouted inside Mike's sea of consciousness. His eyes were full of disbelieving when he saw the sword sheath.

This sword sheath had nothing abnormal about the design but the sword itself was abnormal. Because of the killing intent, it radiates. This killing intent was so strong that even Mike's Slaughter Spirit will become pale in comparison.

"Black Sword- The most ruthless and vicious sword in the world. From now on, I no longer owe you anything." Blood Demon King said with a cold tone. When others heard his tone, they felt both of them weren't friends either.

Rather, Blood Demon King was forced to give this sword to Sword Demon. After taking the Sword, the Sword Demon didn't even turn back once and left the scene.

Mike's celestial bloodline was barely working. And, at this moment he completely guarded himself against his group as well. He wasn't sure whether others held the same intention as well. He felt frustrated about trusting Sword Demon.

Of course, this trust wasn't something high. Rather, he never used the Space Law against his group. Otherwise, he could have seen that attack coming.

'Regret? Yes, I regret believing in the people. I am too innocent. Laughing, having fun, everything seems like a fairy tale but I always tend to forget that this is not a fairy tale. If I want to live, I must change. Isn't that what I said to myself when I started my journey in this world?'

'So, what am I doing now? Laughing, having fun, not caring about anything. What's the point of realization when I can't even figure about the people? What's the point of making a group if you can't even trust them?'

'Strength! Only strength matters! I need to be stronger if I want to make things clear for me. I need to be stronger if I want to have fun.'

As he thought to himself, the lightning sparkled around him. Seeing the lightning, the Blood Demon King got startled. He instantly released his blood spirit and formed a weapon with it. The blood was still dripping from the hole in his stomach.

His Celestial Bloodline wasn't in the condition to heal this kind of injury. It was already depleting his own lifespan to heal itself.

Mike could only rely on Ten Thousand Poison Spell to heal himself. The lightning sparkled in his eyes as he looked at the Blood Demon King.

"So, you are going to make things difficult for me? Well, it doesn't matter either way." Suddenly, the blood spirit spread out of his body and formed a domain around him.

'How can he form a domain without skill? He isn't even using the innate ability.' Max screamed in his mind as he saw the domain sucking him inside. This domain was much more powerful than any other domain he has seen.

Due to the power of blood, it was able to manipulate his blood to a certain extent. This was harder to defend against and even Mike knows that. If he wants to fight against the Blood Demon King, he needs to be fast, incredibly fast.

Unfortunately, he can't use his Zombie Mode. That mode harms his body but Godspeed Mode isn't that hard to enter. Especially now he had better control over it. He wanted to make sure that he doesn't hurt others while using his Godspeed Mode.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Suddenly, Mike moved and made a circle around Blood Demon King and Mantle. He didn't stop. He kept on encircling the Blood Demon King. The lightning transformed into a massive bolt that shot towards the sky.

When the lightning stopped moving, Blood Demon King noticed that Mike had disappeared. But more importantly, Mantle had disappeared as well. Seeing this, he gritted his teeth and released the blood spirit even more.

The golden spirit was high above him. He only moved his gaze before he noticed Mike.

At this moment, Mike was several thousand miles away from them. He was constantly punching Mantle on his stomach.

"Enough!"

Mantle shouted as he realized the dark purple flames around him. The devil spirit bloomed his flames. They instantly swept away Mike. But, Mike didn't stop. He moved on his lightning and landed on the ground. Then once again, he stepped on his lightning and came back to Mantle from behind.

Everything happened in just a few seconds. Even before Mantle could realize it, Mike had already thrown a punch from behind.

Bang!

But suddenly, the flames erupted in the sky and formed a giant lotus. It spun wildly while moving towards Mike. But with lighting, Mike instantly moved several miles away. Suddenly, the bloody scent entered his nostril.

"Blood Hammer!"

Mike's eyes narrowed as he saw the giant hammer falling from the sky. Blood Demon King held the hammer tightly as he slammed it towards. The hammer moved so fast it made Mike unable to dodge properly.

And, the attack was pretty surprising as well. But even so, Mike still was fast enough to redirect the lightning bolts around him towards the hammer.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Each lightning bolt struck the hammer as fast as it could. But, the hammer kept crushing the lightning bolts and slammed at Mike.

Thud!

The collision sent Mike to the ground. But as soon as Mike crashed on the ground, the dark purple lotus appeared above him. Seeing this lotus, Mike knew he wouldn't be able to dodge it. He closed his eyes and hoped to withstand the power of the explosion.

Though he was pretty sure that he would get heavy wounded. Without the Celestial Bloodline, he wasn't sure for taking in such damage and getting away from this as usual. He condensed the golden luster of kong body around him.

"Roar of the Dragon King!"

"Supernova Grand Explosion!"

"Space Detonation!"

Suddenly, three different attacks fell on the purple lotus. The giant water dragon rose from the sword and moved towards the purple lotus, striking it with all of its power.

Bang!

But, that didn't stop there. Max jumped in front of it and slammed the lotus with one of his strongest attacks. His strike made dozens of cracks on the lotus. Suddenly, he got teleported to the ground while the space around the lotus got constraint.

Boom!

The next moment, the space around the lotus exploded. Without the presence of the space, the void made its way around the lotus and sucked it inside. This move was so dangerous that everyone else was dozens of miles away.

But, Mike was still there. He tried to focus his mind on space law but with the lightning constraining his mind, he wasn't able to use the space law. This was the new improvement to the Godspeed Mode. With this improvement, he could even travel beyond the speed of light.

Unfortunately, this completely makes him unable to use any other laws. This was the main disadvantage that he wasn't able to overcome while making this improvement. Without the space law, he couldn't teleport either.

His body started getting sucked towards the void. Even though he held the ground tight, he wasn't able to escape from the gravity of the void. His Godspeed Mode wasn't down either. Suddenly, he saw Bing Lan, Thorn Princess, and Max rushing towards him to save him.

They were also moving towards the influence of the void just to save Mike. This made Mike even more frustrated. He could understand Thorn Princess and Bing Lan but why Max?

He had the same relationship with Max as he had with Sword Demon. When both of them came in contact with the Void's gravity, they also got sucked but Max held both of them as he moved towards Mike.

"What the hell are you doing? Run away!" Mike shouted.

"Are you kidding? Do you think I can be alive without your help?" Max shouted as Thorn Princess grabbed Mike.

"But, we can't escape Void." Bing Lan bitterly smiled. She never thought she would risk her life for the man who she had only met two days ago.

'Is this what it feels to be in love?'

Bing Lan questioned herself as she gladly accepted her fate.

"No, I am taking you out," Max shouted as he suddenly started moving down with others. They didn't understand what he was doing but they were surprised.

'Move, use all of my energy at my feet and increase my weight! Great Herculean Art!' Max shouted as the veins on his legs started tearing apart. His leg started bleeding as he felt great pain.

'I can't bear this. I can't let them suffer. Pioneer Body, you have helped me a lot. This time, I need your help, again.' Mike screamed in his heart as he sent his spiritual sense to his sea of consciousness. At this moment, his Pioneer Body trembled and something came to his mind.

"Inner World! Suck them!"

Mike shouted as he shot all of his spiritual sense on Max, Bing Lan, and Thorn Princess. He wanted to go inside but if he does that now, his inner world will break.

"Blood Demon King! I will return." Mike shouted as he slowly fell on the void.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 295
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Where am I?" This was the first sentence that came out of his mouth. Mike opened his eyes and looked around. He saw nothing but darkness around him. It was the endless space and he was floating around.

"Am I still in the void?" Mike muttered as he looked around. Even so, he still saw nothing no matter how much he tried to look around.

"But, how am I alive?" Mike slowly straightened his back as he checked his own body.

"Claire, show me my status!"

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 3

Cultivation- Martial Master- Eighth Stage

User- Mike Tyson

Spiritual Root- Sword

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-2)

Physical Strength- Martial King

Laws Manipulation- Martial King

Qi Battle- Martial Master

Spirits- Martial King

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+20000 STR), Super Speed (+20000 AGI), Super Endurance (+20000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art (Incomplete)

Martial Arts- Space God Scripture, Chaos Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, and Vanishing Aura

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, and Pioneer Eyes

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*4, Supreme Fairy*1"

"Nothing has changed! So, how did I survive in this void?" Mike tried to look for an answer. He knew it would be impossible to survive in the void especially the natural void. Suddenly, a strange memory came to his mind.

'Void! I can't survive here. It seems like I was destined to die. What a waste of time.' Mike spoke in his heart as his body floated on the void. He was slowly freezing into ice. His heartbeat was slowing down and the blood was turning into ice.

Suddenly, he heard a voice.

"Do you want to live?"

This voice surprised him. He didn't know who spoke but his natural instinct acted as he nodded his head.

"I will give you chance to survive in the void but it depends upon your whether you can come out of it or not. This is the moment you need. Realize everything you need to know. Comprehend everything you need."

"Break the void and enter the 'Supreme World'. Find 'Black Dragon Mountain with the help of little black. There, you can find a cultivation technique. It was my creation. Using it, you no longer have to worry about the world you end up in."

"Practice that cultivation technique and save the multiverse. If you promise to do it, I will save you."

His words stunned Mike. Slowly but he felt this voice was overly similar to someone he knows.

"You are Johnny Fenton!" Mike was full of disbelieve. He never believed he could see Johnny Fenton in the multiverse. He thought this man had already left the multiverse and couldn't come in.

"This multiverse has my Will. I am just a Will guarding the multiverse. Soon, it will be thrown into chaos. I need someone who can guard it against none other than my best friend." Johnny's Will spoke.

"You didn't Rocky, do you?" As a reader of Magic and Martial War God, he was familiar with Johnny's life until the birth of his son. But, Mike didn't know what happened afterward.

"He has found a goal. And, he will not stop until he restores the multiverse. Of course, his real reason for doing so is his anger. He has fallen for his own darkness. He just wants chaos. And now, he is recovering fast."

"If you don't cultivate faster as well, you will fail to protect the multiverse. And, that will be the end of everything. Your family, your loved ones, your friends, even the people you met once in your lifetime will die."

"Maybe even you! I have said everything I need to say. If you get powerful enough to leave the multiverse, you can save it. Otherwise, you will be buried with it." Johnny's Will continued to explain.

At this moment, Mike hesitated. He wasn't sure whether it was a good idea to believe in someone he can't even see. But, he couldn't take the risk either. He has people with him. He wanted to become God of Sex.

And if he can't even protect his woman, how can he be worthy of such a title? Mike took a long time and finally said.

"Save me and I will save the multiverse."

He had no choice. He didn't want to be a hero but if he can save his life by doing so, he doesn't mind. And, if the world is at the stake. He knew he can't back down. Everyone he knows lives in this world whether it is his enemy or his friend.

"Good!" Suddenly, Mike felt a burning pain in his sea of consciousness as he slowly lost his consciousness.

As his memories returned, Mike understood why he didn't die.

"So, I have to comprehend the Laws, right?"

"It seems I can't do anything else."

After Mike states, he finally falls into a deep comprehension. His first goal was to understand the better level of Void Law. And, if he can understand other laws, it would only get better. While Mike fell in deep concentration, he didn't notice someone watching him.

The man slowly drifted away with a big smile on his face. This man was known other than David Flora.

He drifted in the void and muttered "I'm sorry for lying to you Mike. But, I really need you to get stronger and leave the multiverse. No one is allowed to interfere in my plan. But, I don't want to put my family at risk."

"I hope you will live up to my expectation for the upcoming war as well. He doesn't know that Jenny and others are already searching for him. Once he breaks the void, they will come knocking on his door."

"She is your weak point and also their target. Even if you kill half of their army, it will be a great help. And, helping your father-in-law is a good thing, isn't it?"

As he spoke further, he started laughing and slowly disappeared into the void. At this moment, Mike was completely unaware of David's manipulation. He simply believed that it was Johnny who saved him.

After all, it wasn't his fault. He didn't know how careful and deep David's schemes are. In fact, nobody knows what he is planning except he is dead set on restoring the multiverse by destroying billions of universes, killing a number of lives that can't be counted.

Mike tried to cultivate. He cultivated for days and months but soon became bored. He thought for a while and tried to enter his own Inner World. At first, he wasn't sure whether this will work or not since he was still in the Void.

But, when it did, Mike became overly glad. But surprisingly, only three days had passed inside the inner world. It was surprising but considering he was living in the void, he knew time and space were meaningless there most of the time.

But, he found Lucas and Olive were still unconscious. He used his Ten Thousand Poison Spell and his own blood to restore his condition. With his blood, their stamina got restored by a lot. After all, Mike had a lot of stamina and he didn't understand why didn't he lose his stamina while comprehending Void Law in the Void.

Still, it took another day for them to wake up. When Olive opened her eyes, the fact that she wanted to see the most appeared. Slowly, tears fell down her cheeks as she wrapped her hands around his neck.

No words were needed. Both of them understood each other to the core. He was anxious, worried, and a little scared of losing her. She was scared of losing him as well. Both stayed like that for an hour.

At the same time, Lucas had already cleaned up and eaten some food as well. After they separated from each other, they sat in front of the fire as the night fell.

"So, where are we?" Max asked as he saw their sad mood.

"Still in the void!" Mike didn't explain.

"Can we leave?" Max continued

"Of course but it might take a while." Mike replied.

"So, what we will do until then?" Max continued to ask.

But suddenly, Lucas stood up and walked away while saying "Train!"

He knew it would be pointless to keep up the conversation. Mike sighed when he saw Lucas leaving like that. He knew Lucas had felt regret for being weak. He has felt the same way, many times.

And, the only thing to stop regretting is by getting stronger. Even if he was getting manipulated, he can't change this. Because the only way to get out of manipulation is by getting stronger. But, sometime manipulation can also make you stronger.

He turned his head at Max and thought for a while, before "He is right. We should all train in a way we can. This is my inner world. You can live here and try to comprehend several other laws."

Then, he turned his head and other girls and said "Same goes for you! And, same goes for me as well."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 296
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Five days passed,

Inside the room, Mike lays with three girls. All of them were wearing clothes but the silence was making their mood awkward.

Suddenly, Olive turned her head at Thorn Princess and Bing Lan, saying "If you don't feel this is right then why don't you girls leave?"

Although she spoke with a beautiful smile, her words held a lot of annoyance in them. She was truly annoyed by their presence. Neither they were allowing Mike to have sex with her nor do they agree to have a foursome.

"Humph! You don't get to say that. And, I want to sleep with him. Why don't you go out?" Thorn Princess folded her arms and snorted.

"Are you two really arguing like that?" Mike sighed and asked. He was really tired of their bickering. He doesn't have the patience to wait like this. He still had a lot to comprehend.

"But, I don't want my first time to be with other girls." Thorn Princess spoke with a grumpy look as she turned away.

"Sigh! Alright, how about this? I will go back and you three decide on what to do." Mike sighed and walked away. They raised their hands to stop him but Mike had already disappeared. His excitement had faded away.

He returned back to the void and looked at his status panel.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 3

Cultivation- Martial Master- Eighth Stage

User- Mike Tyson

Spiritual Root- Sword

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-2)

Physical Strength- Martial King

Laws Manipulation- Martial King

Qi Battle- Martial Master

Spirits- Martial King

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+20000 STR), Super Speed (+20000 AGI), Super Endurance (+20000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art (Incomplete)

Martial Arts- Space God Scripture, Chaos Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, and Vanishing Aura

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, and Pioneer Eyes

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*4, Supreme Fairy*1"

"Claire, my elements are back. Even though this place is only void, show my complete status." Mike spoke as he felt many changes in his body during these five days.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 3

Cultivation- Commander Realm- First Rank (Eighth Evolution)

Cultivation- Martial Master- Eighth Stage

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-2)

Physical Strength- Martial King

Laws Manipulation- Martial King

Qi Battle- Martial Master

Spirits- Martial King

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+20000 STR), Super Speed (+20000 AGI), Super Endurance (+20000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Immemorial Perfect Sword Body Technique, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art (Incomplete)

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, and Vanishing Aura

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, and Pioneer Eyes

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*4, Supreme Fairy*1"

"Hmm! This is a lot better. As long as I remain in the void, I can use my elements as well. I definitely need to focus on the elements and the cultivation of my world. Wait, what if I merge the cultivation system of my original universe and this universe?"

"One is expert in Qi while another is expert in the body. Damn! This thought is amazing. Wait, if I remember correctly, Johnny told me that he has left a cultivation technique that will allow me to cultivate no matter which world I end up with."

"If that's true, then I don't need to focus over things like creating my own cultivation technique. I could easily use his technique. But for now, I should probably focus my mind over void law."

But before he could close his eyes, he got the message from his consciousness living inside the Inner World.

It seems his words worked properly. Finally, three girls decided to have the foursome. Mike instantly appeared in front of them and smirked "So, how are we going to do?"

Olive approached him and folded her arms around his neck.

"How about a kiss?" As soon as her words rang in his ears, he pounced on her lips like a hungry beast. He started devouring each and every part of her mouth while licking her tongue and sucking it with his tongue.

He puts his hand on her stomach and slowly pushes it towards the bottom. His hand reached out to her fresh cave and the fingers enters. At this moment, his hard rock stung her. It was throbbing with excitement.

"Already this hard!" Olive spoke as she separates her lips and slowly crouched down. She unzips his pants and holds the supreme rod in her hand as she pulls it out.

But while doing, the tip of the supreme rod smacks her lips.

"Is it already begging for my mouth?" Olive smirked as she licked around the tip. Seeing her bold move, Bing Lan takes a step forward. Unlike Thorn Princess, she has already tasted many men. So, it wasn't much of a surprise for her.

But, she never had a threesome or foursome. That's why she felt insecure about having sex with other ladies. She walked to his face and licks his tongue and lips vigorously. She hurriedly inserted her tongue inside his mouth and gave him a passionate kiss.

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

While she takes his kiss, Olive gets busy with his supreme rod. Half of it enters her mouth while she uses her tongue to rub the tip. She was doing everything she had learned previously. Seeing them, Thorn Princess clenched her fist and stepped forward.

She was having a hard time. Suddenly, Mike pulls her in his embrace and separates his lips from Bing Lan. He starts kissing Thorn Princess even though she wasn't good with it. She had made several mistakes.

Bing Lan was a little pissed off but soon crouched down and started licking his balls. Two girls at the bottom and one girl at the top. It couldn't be anything better. He got even more excited as his supreme rod started enlarging inside her mouth.

His supreme rod pierced deeper.

"Ohh yeahhh! Olive, you are amazing." Even though his rod enlarged, she didn't give up. Instead, her mouth started giving even more pleasure. Without using any technique, he knew he would cum soon enough.

After a few minutes, he held her head and shouted "Swallow it all!"

At this moment, a huge load came out of his rod and filled her mouth. She tried to swallow as much as she could but some still spill out of her mouth. But, Bing Lan didn't let it go to waste. She hurriedly started licking Olive's lips.

She didn't let a single drop fall on the ground. Even though he let out that huge load, his supreme rod was still big as ever. He caught his ladies and pushed them to the bed. This time he was slowly turning like a beast, ripping their clothes.

"It seems you have been thirsty for a long time," Olive whispered in his ears. She wasn't wrong. Although he had sex with Xiao Je, it didn't feel good. She wasn't pro nor any sort of that thing. Mike had to be very careful during his sex with Xiao Je.

But with Olive, he knew he could go all out. And, he had already known about Bing Lan having four dao companions. So, he wasn't worried about either. Only Thorn Princess was his concern. She could be like Xiao Je or like Lauren.

Since he wasn't properly conscious when he had sex with Jenny, his first conscious sex with a virgin was with Lauren. And, she was amazing. That's the only way he could describe her.

::::::::::

Check out my new book: My Father is Invincible Harem Lord.

Please check out my new book and support it with powerstones

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 297
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Mike, I'm all wet because of you." Olive spread her legs and said as she showed her juice following out of her cave.

"So, you want to go for the main course already," Mike smirked as he walked near her with his monstrous rod.

Olive shook her head and removed her panty while showing her pink cave.

"I want to you to get over me while letting me suck your dick. At the same time, I want you to finger me down there."

Hearing her words, Mike looked at her speechlessly. Wasn't she satisfied with the previous blowjob that she gave? And, what about other girls? Shouldn't they get chance too?

"Hey, what about us?" Suddenly, Bing Lan turned her head at Olive and shouted.

Olive smirked and said "I think you made some mistake in understanding. Threesome, foursome, fivesome, all of these only count when there is one female and more than one male. But, in our condition, it's completely opposite. So, you can't expect him to drill his dick inside yours while having me, can you?"

"More importantly, the best thing you girls can do is make your pussy wetter. The wetter it gets, the more fun it will be."

Mike smirked at her words and got above her. He slowly takes his dick in front of her face while putting his finger at her cave. Olive opens her mouth wide and slowly takes in his dick.

Her movement gets smoother as she started pacing her speed.

'Damn! When did she get this good? At this rate, I might come two times with blowjob alone.' He even forgets about putting his finger inside for a moment as she sucks his dick deeper into her throat.

But soon, he moves his finger inside her. He goes deeper as she started trembling. The juice was slowly coming out of it.

Suddenly, Bing Lan walked next to him and sat in front of him. Her pussy got touched by Olive's nose while she started kissing Mike. This kiss turned on Thorn Princess as well. She got behind Mike and started licking his neck.

Surrounded by three ladies, Mike was sitting at his own heaven. He suddenly moved another hand and puts it on Thorn Princess's leg. As soon as his hand touches her leg, she trembles but didn't stop him. He slowly moves his leg around her and tries to lead his finger inside.

Knowing this was her first time, he didn't go straight in. Rather, he played around the edge for a bit and only then did he goes in. His finger pierced her tight walls. Unfortunately, it was his dick otherwise it would be a double pleasure.

When his finger moved inside her, Thorn Princess slowly drowned in pleasure. This pleasure was something she couldn't deny and let her body completely accept it.

"Ohhh! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yesss!"

"Oh my god! Sooo good!" Her moan only succeeds in exciting Bing Lan. Mike was using his dick inside Olive's mouth and his finger inside her pussy as well. And now, he was putting another finger inside Thorn Princess.

At this moment, she wished Mike had two dicks or three hands. Her pussy started getting wet. The juice was dripping on Olive's face. But, she wasn't distracted by it rather she was completely focused on sucking his dick.

Her tongue was rolling inside and licking every part of his tip. She even licked the hole from which he piss. For her, nothing could be better than pleasuring Mike. And, she doesn't care what she does to do so.

Everything she was doing, she learned from Sunny and Alena.

"Olive, I'm cumming." After a few minutes, Mike grunted once again and released another load inside her mouth. The amount didn't decrease and this time, the other two ladies instantly grabbed her mouth and started sucking his load.

The entire room was filled with lust. Mike settled on his back while grabbing Olive above him. He moved Bing Lan and Thorn Princess to each of his sides. He moved his arm at their legs and slowly pushed his finger inside them.

At the same time, Olive slowly pushes his dick inside her. It widens her wall as the massive dick pierces through it. But, her walls got strikingly narrow, clenching him hard, not giving him any chance to escape. He pushes his dick all the way to her womb.

As it started kicking up the gear, it only reached further higher. Mike instantly launched Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art and pushes his entire thirteen inches inside her. Using his space law, he started managing the thrust and the size.

He didn't let a single thrust be painful or pleasureless. Each strike only made Olive moan out loud like a bitch.  Seeing her expression like a drunken fairy, Bing Lan and Thorn Princess gulped down their saliva.

Suddenly, Thorn Princess remembered those words that Mike told her during the tournament.

At this moment, she realized why he said that. He wasn't wrong. It wouldn't even take five minutes. She was already drowning with her pre-cum. few thrusts and she believes she will cum.

Splash!

But this only made her cum in his finger. Her excitement and nervous, all came out at once from her bottom. It instantly made his hand wet. Unlike her, Bing Lan held for two minutes but she also came out soon.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

As soon as his hands got freed, he caught her hips and smashes her even harder. The pleasure only goes up when he maintains the space inside her pussy. He doesn't need to worry about that as long as he manages that speed.

His movement only made her moan loud. He kept on banging her for ten minutes and finally came a lot inside her. As he expected, she passed out after taking his final load. As soon as she fell down, he didn't rest and started his time with the other two.

Just like Olive, they also felt the might of the supreme rod and ride heaven with it. But during this session, something struck Mike.

Originally, he was planning to go with the Infinite Cosmos Universal Cultivation Technique but this session changed his mind. Because even now he relies on the Chaotic Path towards Harmony. And, he is constantly trying everything he can just to get out of this.

He wanted to create his own technique and even turn his body into a dual cultivation machine. But, there was one thing that made it problematic. He was constantly challenged by the cultivation system of different worlds.

Even though he has only teleported into a new universe once, he wasn't sure it wouldn't happen often. The only thing that could possibly save him now would be creating something that can allow him to use his strength whenever he goes.

He could do the same thing with Infinite Cosmos Universal Cultivation Technique but his path is the path of Sex God. He can't walk away from this path. That would be abandoning his goals. The only way to achieve a result of Infinite Cosmos Universal Cultivation Technique while walking in the Sex God path is improvising his Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art.

As long as he can change his body into Dual Cultivation Weapon and also improve himself with Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art, then there is only one thing that he could do.

Create his own realm!

This path won't be an easy one. The heaven sets the rule, and realms are in order. The more he cultivates, the more he understood the cultivation realm. They are like an order created by someone. He must follow them but this means he will end up walking someone's path.

After reading Fighting For Eternity and Magic and Martial War God, he basically got the idea between walking someone's path and walking out of someone's path. The reason Johnny is not as good as the other three is simple.

All of them have walked out of someone's path while he hasn't. In fact, his lover Rose has totally broken the path and walked out of it. If he wants to be someone like them, he must walk out of the realm as well.

Johnny did create the Infinite Cosmos Universal Cultivation Technique but he never followed it. This restricted his path and he ended up walking in someone's path, never going back to his own path.

Mike didn't want to do that. He wanted to walk on his own path. After having this sex, he finally realizes what he needs to do. He must create realms for himself and walk on them. That means he must keep creating realms and breaking them.

'It's going to be difficult though. Creating a realm itself is hard, I also need to break it and create new. I can try to take everything I have as the tropes and use it to create the realms. Body as a foundation, laws as strength, and sex as the resources.'

'I must create something that can combine all three of them.'

::::::::

Check out my new book- My Father is Invincible Harem Lord

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 298
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, is this really going to be my outlet for the cultivation realm?" After spending three months, Mike finally came up with a complete cultivation realms. He thought for a long moment while keeping his eyes on the books in front of him.

Within these three months, he browsed through several cultivation books and finally came up with the cultivation realm that suits him the most. He has only come up with three main realms but only nine semi-realm

Mortal Shedding Realm, Monarch Body Realm and Overlord Body Realm

Copper, Silver, Gold, Lord, King, Monarch, Emperor, Sage and Overlord.

Currently, his body was as strong as King but there are something specific to each realm. So, he must go through each realm even though his strength is already above Lord.

Copper Body introduces him with the flow of blood. As a body cultivator, he must control his flow of blood. It is not just restricted inside his body but also reach out with the certain medium. Using several resources and the proper flow of blood, he must condensed an armor around his upper body.

This armor is the identification of his entire cultivation system. Making the body strong as bronze armor. Of course, his body is already stronger than that so, he just need to understand the flow and create armor. It is same until Gold Realm.

But after that, things changes a little. For the next realms, he must go through different situations to make his body stronger. First, he must absorb enough energy and then transfer all of it into his cells. Once his cells stores all that energy, he can trigger different situations.

During the Lord Realm, he needs to stay inside the burning flames that can grow up to five thousand degree Celsius. This is why those armors were important. They can protect his body from intense heat but also regulate that heat into his cells.

Once the heat enters his cells, it began to melting the energy stored inside the cells. That energy slowly transforms into hot liquid that enters his blood veins. Since it is hot, it will definitely increase the pain but he needs to keep the flow of hot liquid merged with blood around his body.

And now, he can temper his blood veins and make it lot stronger. Once his blood veins get strengthen, he can flow the previous methods and condense the stronger armor on his upper body. But not just upper body, he can even condense the armor on his lower body and his hands.

King Realm is not much different from the previous realm. Here, he must go through Ice Tribulation. Unlike previous realm, he needs to freeze his blood veins. Once his blood veins get frozen, he follows the rules of nuclear fission.

With the immense control, he needs to create the nuclear fission between energy inside his cells. Normally, it wouldn't be successful but here he can use his lightning.

Using the lightning, he can enter the Godspeed Mode. Once he enters this mode, he can vibrate his body. And due to the immense control he can build up, he will be able to control the vibration of his cells.

Without breaking the frozen veins, he needs to create enough vibration inside his cells to make enough heat and pressure for different energies to combine. Through the nuclear fission, not only he can create an immense amount of energy but also the heat that can melt his frozen veins in such a way that heat and cold can collide.

This allows him to put his body in such a state where his cells get pressure to fully utilize the immense energy to generate vitality. In this state, he can improve his lifespan by thousands of years. This is actually important especially when it comes to using all of his modes and also for the future as well.

After that, it would be Monarch Realm. This is another painful realm. He must go through lightning tribulation but this time, there is some twist in his realm. He must absorb the massive amount of energy of the world.

Yes, he must empty the energy of a world and then enrage the heaven. That way, he will face one of the strongest tribulation. As for how, he needs to have the sex for months with several ladies. He cultivates through sex and that's how he will do things.

Once he succeed on absorbing the energy, he will use that energy to strengthen his entire body. That starts from his skin to his bones to his internal organs. Because of the violent energy that destroys his cells and the energy rich with vitality, he can go through rebirth process and transform his body.

Finally, the Emperor Realm is different than previous realm. If previous realms were all about tempering his body then Emperor Realm actually helps him condense the Flower of Laws. He can condense a flower in his heart.

The flower itself is imaginary and holds the source of laws. And, once he condenses the source, he can connect several laws into one. This allows him to manifest several laws whenever and where he might end up.

He can use multiple laws without any obstruction. Of course, this wasn't the true reason for its creation. The Emperor Realm is prologue for the Sage Realm.

Once he reaches Sage Realm, he can cast the body of Laws. This realm improves his body and control over laws. Finally, there is Overlord Realm. In this realm, he leaves everything to dust. He can literally crush the gods with his single fist.

That's how he views this realm. But, he also knows that his understanding for the world is very low. If he wants to understand more, he must travel to the higher world.

But, these three months, he wasn't simply creating these realms. He was also comprehending Void Law. And, he has finally comprehended the Void Law. After giving the last thoughts to his realm, he walked out of the room.

He has no reason to change something but if he finds mistakes, he can improvise it during his cultivation. Creating his own realm gives him the advantage of improvising it during his ascension. It's like writing a book with the simple outline.

"So, how was your gain?" As he walked out, he saw Lucas training with his sword and asked.

"Comprehended the Killing Sword Intent, Immortal Sword Intent and Destruction Sword Intent." Lucas shrugged his shoulders and spoke. After a month, Mike was able to bend the laws inside his world. Now, Lucas and other can easily train with their innate abilities.

And, during these two months, their progress skyrocket.

"That's a lot. So, are you ready to go back?" Mike smirked as he spoke.

"Of course, it would be amazing to experience the world rather than staying here." Lucas nodded his head and walked away with Mike. Soon, they met up with others. Mike directly came out of his Inner World and used the Void Law.

He closed his eyes and tried to penetrate the void and find his destination. It was Black Dragon Mountain. Then, he must return to the sect as well. Although he wasn't sure how much time has passed. He knows he must go.

Using the Void Law, he appeared in the Black Dragon Mountain. With the help of little black, he found the cultivation technique and disappeared. The next moment he appeared outside the Invincible Sword Sect.

As soon as he appeared, he called out Zemin. He had already missed the competition but he didn't care. He had already created his own cultivation system and now, his just need to follow it.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 3

Cultivation- None

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-2)

Physical Strength- Martial King

Laws Manipulation- Martial Emperor

Spirits- Martial King

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+40000 STR), Super Speed (+40000 AGI), Super Endurance (+40000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, and Vanishing Aura

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, and Pioneer Eyes

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*4, Supreme Fairy*1"

"Now, it's time to search for another heavenly maiden. Fortunately, I already have two supreme fairies." Mike sighed as he walked towards the ground of the sect.

His next mission was to find another heavenly maiden, get Xiao Je in his grasp and also start his own cultivation. But the most important part was improving his Pioneer Body, Chaos Body, and getting another bloodline.

Because he still hasn't done that. He seems to have completely forgotten about it.

Or, I did?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 299
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Just what took you so long? Do you know how big an opportunity you missed? And, why couldn't I contact you? Where were you?" Zemin started throwing questions at him one after another. She didn't stop and Mike had no choice but to tell her some truth.

Of course, he didn't tell her everything since she wasn't a girl like Bing Lan. After all, nobody was saved by a demon except for her. After settling down with Zemin, elders also asked him some questions but they were pretty serious.

These elders knew Mike wasn't from their universe but still didn't go against him. Instead, they told him to leave the sect and search for opportunities. Since it was the only way to keep the sect safe and improve his cultivation.

Mike immediately agreed and the next day he decided to leave the sect. But, this time Zemin followed him. She said she wants to be with him all the time. He introduced his friends and his women to her while keeping their identity secret.

Of course, he gave a good explanation about the inner world. It actually align with the core reason for his delay. He said he found a magical path inside the third floor that led him straight to the unknown floor. It took him a long time to cross that floor but finally he was rewarded with the treasure which has the world of its own.

Normally, people won't believe this crap but she had already tasted the power of his supreme rod. Her love for Mike was over the top though it wasn't on the level of blinding following his orders. She had some suspicion especially when they showed their interesting but weird behavior.

Of course, before leaving he also chatted with Yu Yufei. Surprising to him, she no longer needed his help. It was a little strange but she was able to comprehend every law she can see. Of course, Mike didn't leave her there. He also took her with him.

And on the way, he also settled his score with Yan Che. During the Kingdom's battle, his sect lost once again. And, the winner was Yan Che's sect. So, he used his Void Law and killed Yan Che. Originally, he wanted Yu Yufei to take her revenge.

But, he wasn't even sure whether he will come back or not. So, he simply finished everything he needs to finish. As for the inheritance, he doesn't think he needs it anymore. His path was the path of sex and it will always be the same.

But before they left, something unexpected happened.

Lucas left the group on his own. He believed he can improve a lot faster on his own. Max didn't leave since he was a lot weaker than Lucas after three months. He had barely gained something while Lucas had already moved ahead of everyone.

Even together they couldn't take down Lucas unless Mike intervenes. Peter used Vanishing Aura to hide Lucas's true aura before he left. Other ladies didn't leave since they could easily cultivate with him.

More importantly, Bing Lan suggested Mike leave this continent and go to Shen Wu Continent. That continent has much more resources. Mike nodded at her suggestion but there was a certain problem. To go to the Shen Wu Continent, he must cross the ocean that was three or four times the continent.

Although he could use his Void Law, it only works properly if he knows the place. Fortunately, he can do things his way. He fucked up Bing Lan and shared her memories. He learned a lot about Bing Lan.

She truly had a tragic past. At an early age, everyone related to her died. Without a proper background but good talent, she only got in hands of the perverted elder. He assaulted her in the name of her master and took her virginity at an early age.

Although her master died during the Monster Beasts Tide, it can't change her past. After all, she lost her only background in the sect. She had no choice but to use dual cultivation as a resource to cultivate. Fortunately, she spotted Xiao Je quickly and became close to her.

With that relationship, she quickly rose while making more connections in the sect.

After he gained the proper location, he took a few hours of meditation to find this place. It couldn't be done instantly since he had to search through everything around him in his mind.

"Void Portal!"

He didn't keep others inside the Inner World rather move them out. Since it would be a good experience and this was the void he created so it wouldn't hurt them at least if he doesn't lose his consciousness.

As they passed through the portal, they appeared in the middle of the room.

"Huh!" Mike shook his head in confusion as the people inside the room also looked at him in confusion. He saw a middle-aged man standing next to him who was also looking at him with confusion.

"Sorry for disturbing you, I didn't think the portal would end in the room. Where is this place?" Mike asked as he looked around. He saw many young people like him sitting on the benches.

"Martial Emperor! It is my pleasure to have you here." The middle-aged man instantly bowed even though Mike interrupted his class. After all, there was no reason to offend an individual who can use Space Law.

'So, he thinks I am the Martial Emperor. Well, having the Space Law has its own merit. I should act more.' Mike instantly analyze the situation and nodded his head.

"It's okay. So, where am I? Is this Heavenly Sword Sect?" Mike asked while maintaining his posture.

"Yes, Martial Emperor! You are currently in one of the classes of the Heavenly Sword Sect. If you please follow me, I can take you to the Inner Court Elders." The middle-aged man got the sight of a girl standing behind Mike. He instantly recognized her but didn't speak anything.

Mike followed him out while the class started whispering.

"Hey, isn't that Senior Sister Bing?"

"Yeah, she is. I wonder, who was that Martial Emperor? He was too young."

"Elders will find out soon. I wonder if he is joining the sect."

"Who knows? We'll find out later."

While they were discussing, Mike and others were already in front of the Inner Court. Surprisingly, they were blocked by the guards.

"What business do you have in the Inner Court?"

Those guards didn't recognize Mike and other people so they immediately block them and asked. The outer court elder turned his head at Bing Lan. Even as an elder of the outer court, he can't enter the Inner Court unless he has a reason.

This time he was frightened. Because they were blocking Martial Emperor. If Bing Lan doesn't take action immediately, it might create serious trouble.

"My name is Bing Lan. This is my identification card. I brought these guests with me." Bing Lan understood his thoughts and stepped forward with her card.

Those guards took the card and immediately crushed it.

"How dare you impersonate our dead disciple?"

"In the name of Heavenly Sword Sect, I am going to execute you."

As they spoke, they raised their hands to catch her. But suddenly, pressure acted against her.

Bang! Bang!

The Chaos Spirit rose from his body and their head slammed on the ground. He didn't just pressurize them but also changed their posture. And, this time his action didn't hurt other people.

"How dare you question her?"

Anger rose from his eyes as he released his entire Chaos Spirit. In an instant, the whole Heavenly Sword Sect had fallen into knees. The power of Chaos Spirit was not only destroying the walls and ground around him but also spiritually killing them.

The elder standing behind Mike looked at his back with a dumbfounded expression. In his life, he has never seen a god. But for the first time, he felt like he was following a god.

"Halt! Who dares go against Heavenly Sword Sect?"

But his forehead got filled with sweat the moment inner court elders arrived. All of them were floating on air as they looked at Mike and others. Seeing them up, Mike raised his eyes and spoke.

"Get DOWN!"

The Domain of Gravity spread from his body. This universe was no longer able to restrict its elements. The power of gravity acted against the elder, pulling them down to the ground.

The sword intent burst out of them, trying to act against domain but they still landed on the ground. They saw Mike standing in front of the guards. They tried to understand his cultivation but they were simply unable to do so.

"Disciple Bing Lan?" Suddenly, one of the elders recognized Bing Lan and shouted. Hearing his shout, Mike instantly released his Chaos Spirit and the Gravity. For a moment, they couldn't understand what happened before Mike introduced himself.

"Hello elders, my name is Mu Chen. I am Bing Lan's husband. As the matter of fact, I don't like restricting myself to the sect but as her husband, it would be a good idea to stay with her. So, I have decided to join Heavenly Sword Sect."

"I hope, we can go along pretty well."

'What the hell?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 300
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Please, please come in! We can talk everything with some tea." The elder of the Heavenly Sword Sect reacted quickly. He hurriedly pointed the way for Mike.

Seeing this, Mike's eyes narrowed. He thought they would start another fight but it turns out he was wrong. But, Mike didn't think too much. He simply smiled and followed the elder.

'I thought you were going to fight.' Olive whispered in his mind as she followed Mike.

'Hell no! Do I look like an idiot? I was simply displaying my powers so that they won't make careless mistakes. I have no reason or time to play with them.' Mike shook his head and whispered. He followed them until everyone reached an empty room.

"Bring the tea for the guests!" The elder spoke as he looked at another elder. The elder who received the task froze for a moment but hurriedly nodded his head. As he walked away, the elder sat on a mat while asking them to sit as well.

"I go by the title of 'King Irish. You can call me Irish. Sorry for our guards' manner. We received the news that disciple Bing Lan alongside other disciples has died." The elder spoke with a sour tone.

Hearing his words, Mike asked, "So, who was the one that gave you the news?"

"It was disciple Xiao Je. She is currently practicing inside her room. Would like to call her?" The elder asked as he looked at Mike.

"No, I think I'll visit her." Just when he said the name, Mike scanned the entire sect. In an instant, he found her. But, his expression turned ugly as he saw everything that was happening inside the room.

"This bitch!"

As he cursed, Mike disappeared and appeared inside Xiao Je's room. At this moment, Xiao Je was riding a man's cock. When Mike appeared in front of her, her eyes shrunk.

"It seems like you are truly a bitch. Good! I haven't got my hands on a bitch for a while." As he said, he walked towards her.

"H—How did you come here?" Xiao Je instantly stood up and stepped back as she saw him approaching her. Mike didn't speak anything. He simply raised his hand, the space around him trembled and formed a sword.

Splash!

The space sword pierced the heart of that man. Seeing this, Xiao Je had the trace of fear in her eyes as she shuttered "I---I—can explain."

But, Mike suddenly sprinted in front of her and caught her chin. He looked at her eyes with red eyes and said "I don't need an explanation from a bitch. All I need is your pussy."

As he said, he teleported to his Inner World. Inside the Inner World, he can focus more on fucking her. He didn't wait for formalities and lifted her up after removing his own hands. His thirteen inches long rod stood tall.

"Ohhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhh!"

Mike didn't think twice before giving her the taste of his dick. He slammed his dick inside her pussy, stretching it to his size. His rod was not only long but also thick. Pierced by such force, Xiao Je didn't have an escape route. She screamed as tears falls from the corner of her eyes.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

"Ahhhh! Stop! Hu! Stop!"

"I can't! Noooo! This is soooo deeeppppp!"

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"

"My cunt! It's breaking! My cunt is breaking!"

"Ohhhh! Ahhhh!"

Her scream resounded throughout the room. While fucking her, he was using Chaotic Path towards Harmony. He didn't have to worry about coming easily. He kept smashing her tight pussy for five minutes in that position.

After that, he puts her down and forces her legs. He moves behind her and holds her hands. He placed his dick at the tip and pierced it inside. As he starts ramming inside, she slowly started enjoying it.

Was he angry? Yes, he was.

Was he truly anger? No, he wasn't.

Because he knew his women will cuckold him. Many women on the earth have already done that. But, it is just Mike hasn't met them. But no more. He doesn't want to hide behind Jenny. He needs to accept the fact that he can't be together with every girl.

So, he knows he must break the mind of unfaithful girls. Fuck them! Fuck them until they can't live without his cock. This is the only way to train them as a slave. He pounds Xiao Je until she cums thirty times.

"Hu! Hu! Let me rest! I need rest!"

It has already been two days and now she was truly tired. But, Mike didn't stop.

"I am not stopping bitch. This is your punishment. Or, I can say this is your reward."

As he spoke, he raised her one leg at his shoulder and continued pounding her pussy. The whole room was filled with her cum. Slowly, the amount only started increasing. And, she started losing her mind as well.

Morning, afternoon, evening, night, there was not a single time when he didn't put his cock on her pussy.

"hhhh! Ohhh! Cock! I love cock! I love your cock! Give me cock!"

"Yesss! Pound me harder! Yesssss!"

"Ohhhh! Yeah! I love it! I love it!"

"I love cock! I love Mu Chen's cock!"

"I will be your slave. Please give me more of your cock!"

If it was previous Mike, he wouldn't have taken this risk. It was risky. Now, she wasn't just a slut. She was now living for cock. It was already a week and she was consuming her lifespan to get fucked by his cock.

He knew her reasons for going this far. Now, she can't live without cock. And, he basically doesn't care. Because this time he was feeling pride and arrogance to his bone. Because she wasn't just a slut. She was Heavenly Slut.

He has turned a Heavenly Maiden into a Slut. And, not just a normal slut. She was a slut who can't live without cocks.

'Why? Why am I feeling this? It feels like I don't even care about her. Is this the change? Is this the change I should like? Yes, I know. This is the exact change I needed.'

'God of Sex path is not an ordinary path. I can't expect every woman to be loyal. If I hadn't fucked that information out of their souls, I wouldn't even know that those girls have already betrayed me. Jenny knew me. She knew I couldn't take it, not at that moment.'

'But, not now. I can take it. I can change. I can do what I wanted the most. Now, I can walk on this path without a single trace of fear. I can do it. I can become the God of Sex. But, I will be different. My path is going to be different.'

'I am not going to assault the married woman no matter how beautiful they might be. But if they are the ones who choose to get fucked by me, I will gladly accept them. I know I am breaking their husband's heart but don't worry.'

'Those who betray you will live like a slave. Those who chose to be the whore will be my slave. I can expect a few of my women cuckolding me. I didn't want to do it. But, I can't run away from the truth, can I? This is the path of God of Sex. This is the path I chose.'

As he thought for a long time, his concentration over Chaotic Path towards Harmony fell and at his last thoughts, he came. The huge load exploded but before he pours it inside her. He snapped his finger. In an instant, Bing Lan, Olive, Thorn Princess, Yu Yufei appeared in front of him.

It has been a week and they hadn't seen Mike and Xiao Je for this long. But when they saw her condition, they didn't know whether to get jealous or pity her.

"It's going to be a lot. So, drink it and focus on your cultivation technique!"

If it was anyone else, they would have gotten disgusted. But, they have already shared their cums with each other many times. They got to their knees and opened their mouth. After that, Mike load his cum on each of them.

As for Xiao Je, she didn't get a single drop for an entire week. But, she came more than a hundred times. Even though she didn't get anything, her cultivation improved to the peak of Martial King.

As soon as his cum entered their stomach, their cultivation started rising wildly except Yu Yufei. But, she had another advantage. Because of the chaotic energy present in his cum, she was able to attract the laws around her more quickly and comprehend them.

Of course, it also improved her body cultivation. After that, he moved towards Xiao Je. Fucking her for seven days wasn't her punishment. In fact, it was her blessing and now the real punishment starts. He took out a few pieces of meat and gave her to eat.

Seeing the meat, she grabbed it like she hasn't eaten for the week which was true. While she eat, he used his Space Law and sealed her cultivation. He could create a barrier around her dantian and block the flow of Qi. After she finished eating, she got a little sleepy and fell asleep.

"So, what are you going to do with her?" Olive spoke as she finished her cultivation. She was now as strong as a Martial King.

"Torture her but let's wait till she wakes!" Mike already had the plan in his mind. And, that's the exact reason why he turned her into cock slave.

:::::::::::::

Big shoutout to our number second contributor: Irish_Kings

If you are voting with lots of Golden Tickets at once, then please use those tickets to send gifts.

I earn from gifts! Thanks to you, readers, I finally reached 300 chapters. Also, check out my other books: Tower Ascension and My Father is Invincible Harem Lord

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 301
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhh! Yesss! Mike, go deeper!"

Olive screamed as she received his giant dick inside her pussy. Mike was facing Xiao Je while pounding Olive. Thorn Princess and Bing Lan didn't make a move this time. Yu Yufei was also curiously watching him.

Though he had no intention to fuck her at this age.

"Me! Me too! Give me your cock! Pound me! Pierce me! Fuck me! Mu Chen, fuck me! Please! I beg you."

While he was fucking Olive, Xiao Je was making the mood for him. He was enjoying her desperate look and the way she begs for his dick. He loves it but he isn't going to give it. He holds Olive's waist and keeps ramming her into his dick.

At the same time, he moves his face around her neck to give her more relaxed sex. As he expected, Xiao Je hasn't forgotten how he has fucked her. It was the worst nightmare for any woman. She lost ten years of life to stick on for seven days.

He was going too rough as well. But, with Olive, he was giving and tasting each moment. The jealousy flared up in her eyes. She looked at that massive thick rod moving inside with drool coming out of her mouth.

But there was something even worse than just this. Her hands were tied separately alongside her legs. She was naked as well. Her legs were spread, giving a pussy view to Mike.

"Ohhh! Yeah!!! I love you, Mike. Yes! Yes! Yes!"

"Go deeper! Deeper, Mike!"

"Ahhh! Not that deep! It hurts! It hurts, Mike."

As she said, Mike controls his pace and length. Seeing this, tears fell down Xiao Je's eyes. She remembered how roughly he had treated her. If her pussy was deep then he would've fit all of it inside. He didn't even care about her feelings and kept pounding for seven days straight.

"Sorry….."

"I'm sorry! Please stop this! I will never betray you. Please!"

Tears were true but Mike shook his head. She had realized it but he can't expect her to change this instantly.

"You did wrong and now you must bear the punishment."

Of course, Mike never planned for her to punish lifetime. He has changed but he hasn't become evil or cruel. Cuckolding him wasn't something he didn't expect. But, it is just the problem whether he could face it or not. If he can't even face it, then how can he change?

But, this change doesn't mean he should go back in his words. He was punishing her and now he can't turn soft.

"Ohhhhhhh! Yesss!"

Olive grunted as she came on his dick. It took her ten minutes. But surprising this happened to Xiao Je. She just came as well. It was a huge load. After that, Mike lets her leave while Thorn Princess sits on his dick.

She enjoyed the same feelings as Olive while Xiao Je was tortured. Then, it was Bing Lan's turn.

"Senior sister, please help me! Let me ride his dick! Please, senior sister! Please!"

Her words were completely ignored about Bing Lan. She was thinking about something else. Normally, nobody touches her because they were afraid of her master. But, she didn't understand why hasn't he done anything?

It wasn't because he didn't do anything rather Mike did something. He already knew about her master so when he appeared in that room. He instantly used the Void Law to cover the entire room. Void Law is different than Space Law for many reasons.

Being outside the control of Saint or Immortals was one of its reason. They can't penetrate the void especially when they are not here. Normally, they can only use a portion of her powers in the lower world. Even so, that is enough to save anyone they want.

But, when it comes to Void Law, everything changes. Currently, Mike can easily face Martial Saint if he utilizes everything on his hand. That's the boost he was given by the Void Law. Now, he was basically the master of space.

So, even without using the Void Law, he can do a lot. As soon as she entered his Inner World, he can't feel her. And, during those seven days, he found a powerful secret.

This is also why he was determined to turn her into his personal slave. He wants to completely tame her. It seems her Heavenly Cauldron Body wasn't just a name. It was a perfect utensil for dual cultivation. And, he found something as well.

He was confused why she was just a Heavenly Maiden even though she was the best dual cultivation tool he can find. Her strength might not be top but with this talent, she could be ranked as a Supreme Fairy.

It turns out she had already lost her virginity. But, later her body was modified and her virginity was kept untouched. Of course, this modification was incomplete thus system only recognized her as a Heavenly Maiden.

And more importantly, her moans during her first night were the result of that incomplete modification. From that, Mike had found why her master spoils her so much and why he was able to slash the thunder tribulation.

He didn't improve his cultivation hastily. He used all of the resources to perfectly cultivate his body, soul, and qi. And, then he was trying to reach Half-Saint Realm, he fucked his disciple. And, it turns out she knew this all along.

That's why she acted like a bitch. She didn't care since her master/dao companion was a saint. And, it doesn't matter whether she loses her virginity again or not.

Because if she was fucked to the fullest potential, he can utilize this to the extreme. This is why his secondary cultivation reached the peak of Martial Lord after fucking her for seven days.

There is no way he will keep torturing her with that benefit. But, he will indeed turn her into his personal slave, restricting her movement, unlike her girls. Of course, his plan to torture her hasn't changed. He is going to make her die for his cock.

And, that's why he is planning to fuck his three girls one after another for the next seven days while giving them enough rest.

Seven days were enough to make her oaths. She even said if she ever tries to get fucked by another dick, she will get her soul burned for eternity. Normally, the oaths are very dangerous for the people who can't surpass heaven.

That means her oath was truly dangerous for her. Only after seven days, he finally decide to give her pleasure but he underestimated her thrust for his dick. She devoured his dick inside her for another seven days.

She lost another ten days of her life but she didn't care. Of course, that wasn't the true reason. She didn't stop because Mike didn't come. She wanted his cum. And, Mike decided to give it to her. But unlike others, he didn't give his load on her mouth or pussy.

Rather, he spilled it on the floor and made her clean it. Surprisingly or rather unsurprisingly, she did as he said. She licked the whole floor with her tongue and cleaned it. Even though she knew this floor was dirtied with lots of cum from others girls.

After she licked it, Mike walked near her and lifted her chin "Listen bitch, from now on you are my slave. And, you will always remain my slave. I will use your body as I want, understand?"

Hearing his words, a big smile appeared on her face "Yes, I am master's slave. I will be a good dog and lick your toes. I will be a cocksleeve to put your dick. I will never serve anyone except my master. My pussy will always welcome my master!"

"Good slave, now be a chair for me!" Mike giggled in his heart. Even though Sunny and Liora were his slaves, he hasn't truly used them as slaves. This was the first time he was ordering and thinking of her as a true slave.

Xiao Je immediately compels to his request and bend over. Mike sat on her back and took his finger to her pussy and mouth. He started fucking her pussy and mouth after saying "If you made me fall then you will not get my dick for a month."

Mike just wanted to see her limit, her self-control. Because she was bitch, whore, slut, whatever he calls. And, there are fewer chances for her to stay loyal. And, she might not necessarily get decimated by heaven.

But, the result was surprising. She came twice but didn't even move her body. She was like the fixate statue.

Pa!

Suddenly, he slapped her asscheeks. Her body trembled as she moaned. But, her body still didn't make him fall. After that, a smirk appeared on his face.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

He slapped her asscheeks again and again. But, she didn't even flinch. She just kept moaning like a bitch

"That's good, slave! As a reward, I will give you a chance to suck my dick." Mike stood up and applaud for a moment. He was truly surprised by her willpower. But, this made him doubt. He doubted whether his dick was simply too strong.

Or, she wasn't a bitch. But, he quickly went to with his first option. It wasn't anything personal but she fucked up two boys just after losing her virginity. And, it turns out. She killed another five boys after fucking them.

She was just consuming their cultivation. And, there was another thing that he found from her memories. It seems none of those people was able to give her the same pleasure that's why she killed them.

Mike stood there while opening his status panel.. As for Xiao Je, she started licking his dick like a dog.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 302
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 3

Cultivation- Silver Realm (Martial Lord/Commander)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +400 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-2), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate Emperor Bloodline (Rank-2)

Physical Strength- Martial Emperor

Laws Manipulation- Martial Saint

Spirits- Martial King

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+80000 STR), Super Speed (+80000 AGI), Super Endurance (+80000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, and Vanishing Aura

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (2-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, and Pioneer Eyes

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden), Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*4, Supreme Fairy*1"

'Hmm! My cultivation improved a lot. And, this is surprising. Even the system has accepted her as a slave. Well, she was whore, so nothing wrong with that. As for the rest, my strength has significantly increased but I haven't focused on those rewards.'

'Let's improve my Chaos Body!'

As he said, he took out his dick from her mouth and slapped her forehead.

"Go to another room and stay there!"

Xiao Je looked a little dejected but still followed his words. After she left, Mike closed the door and sat crossed leg. His eyes close and he slowly drowns in the universe inside his body. His Chaos Body Evolution was important for him.

"Oh! So, you have comprehended Void Law. Hahaha! Now, we can talk. Let's talk, boy!" Suddenly, the same ancient voice rang in his mind.

"Who are you? Are you related to my Chaos Body and Omega?" Mike made several previous connections and asked. He wasn't rude but his tone was filled with dissatisfaction.

"Yes, I am the spirit of Omega. I currently live inside the Omega. As for your second question, I am related to both. Since Omega was created by Pioneer. It was created to support the Chaos Body heir."

"Since, it is impossible to train Chaos Body without massive resources. Omega has many universes and some universe specifically saved to be used as a resource for the Chaos Body Heir." The ancient voice spoke.

"So, what's your point of raising Chaos Body Heir? No, rather I should ask, why did you say you wanted to talk with me?" Mike asked as he tried to remember his words during the first conversation.

"Well, there are many things you don't know. First, let's start with the introduction of Omega. Currently, Omega is no longer the most powerful force in the multiverse but it still holds the same position as the first one."

"Omega was created to balance the laws and orders as well. In simple words, you can say Omega is like a police force. Chaos Body produces a sacred bloodline which we call Omega Bloodline. Once a person inherits this bloodline, that person can be one of the top geniuses of the Multiverse."

"So, you can simply imagine the power of Chaos Body. Currently, your Chaos Body has evolved into Chaos Overlord Body. Since this is the path you have chosen, I can't say anything about this. The universe inside your body can push your Chaos Overlord Body to Rank 4 but you have unexpectedly used its power and now it can only push your body to Rank 3."

"This is unfortunate because I can't access another universe. If you want to improve the Chaos Body, you must enter the Higher World and search for the next universe. Of course, there are other ways to improve your physical strength."

"With the help of Chaos Body, you can absorb the universe as long as it doesn't have Heaven or other creatures. These universes are normally called waste universe since these universes are empty with no energy such as Spiritual or Dark Energy."

"But, you are not consuming the energy. You are consuming the universe. Once you find the universe, you can contact and I can help absorb it. Now, let's talk about our enemies. Deviants are the group of manslaughters that kills people for resources."

"Of course, it is not unknown for the multiverse but they have a unique method to devour the blood of Omega so normally Omegas are afraid of them. And since they can absorb the Omega Blood, they can instantly grow far stronger than the top talent."

"So, unless your cultivation is higher or your Chaos Body is fully awakened, don't try to fight them. For now, you can focus on cultivation and we will talk again." After explaining for a long time, he disappeared.

Mike thought for a moment. He doesn't trust this Omega. He thought for a moment and focused on his body. The universe inside him slowly disappeared as his Chaos Overlord Body reached the third rank.

It's not that he doesn't think over the Omega rather he doesn't need it. For now, he knows just how weak his strength is. Unless he reaches the Gold Rank, he won't try to ascend to the Saint World. Fortunately, he has made the cultivation realm and combined together with Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art.

This way whenever he fucks ladies, his new cultivation will improve without focusing on it. Normally, it needs a lot of focus but when he remodeled the cultivation technique, he added everything he needed.

He combined Yin-Yang Dual Enlightenment State and Black Hole Devouring State together with Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art. Now, he just needs to combine Chaotic Path towards Harmony in it.

But, it wasn't his own creation so it was a little difficult. He needs to understand the Yin Law and Yang Law. He tried to understand it by understanding Fire Law and Water Law. The former was under Yang Law while the latter was under Yin Law.

But, he didn't even get a glimpse of Yin-Yang Law. After his Chaos Overlord Body improved, he focused his attention on Pioneer Body.

This is far more important than Chaos Overlord Body. And, this time he has a perfect way to improve his strength through a certain skill. The evolution of Pioneer Body was something he has never felt properly.

It was so mysterious that even the system has revealed it to him in Physique Rank. Maybe it is because Pioneer Body doesn't feel like staying in the same rank as Chaos Overlord. And, he also got an ability from the Pioneer Body evolution.

This ability was called Spirit Devourer. This was the most deadly ability in his arsenal. Of course, it still depends on his target. But if his target is spirit-like universal spirit, then he can easily devour this.

Suddenly, a thought rang in his mind. What if an evil person gets his hands on this ability? As long as he devours the spirit of the universe, he can rule over the universe. Suddenly, a strange arc appeared on his lips.

Who said that he was a good man? He never was. But, there was a problem. He doesn't know where the spirit of the universe resides. Normally, they reside in heaven so that means he must climb up to Immortal World or even above that.

After that evolution, he also asked for the bloodline from the system.

He didn't ask for other bloodlines rather improved his Desolate Emperor Bloodline into Desolate God Bloodline.

As his bloodline flowed through his veins, he felt a powerful surge of strength. This time Desolate God Bloodline improved his strength by a huge margin like Chaos Overlord Body. At the same, his skill was also prepared.

But before that, he also inherited the new element. He had a few more choices and among them, he chose to improve the Lightning element into a god tier. Only then, he opens his new status.

::::::::::::

Readers, seriously check out my new books: Tower Ascension.

I am not even getting comments from my dear readers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 303
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 3

Cultivation- Silver Realm (Martial Lord/Commander)

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +10000 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-3), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate God Bloodline (Rank-1)

Physical Strength- Half-Saint

Laws Manipulation- Martial Saint

Spirits- Martial King

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+100000 STR), Super Speed (+100000 AGI), Super Endurance (+100000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, Vanishing Aura, and Heaven Defying Armor

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (3-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, Pioneer Eyes, and Spirit Devourer

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy)

Yin-Yang Slave- Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden), Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*4, Supreme Fairy*1"

"Woah! Physical Strength of a Half-Saint? Damn! This is amazing. And, if I use Desolate God Bloodline, Chaos Overlord Body, and Heaven Defying Armor, I can even slaughter True Saint." A big smile appeared on his lips as he clenched his fist.

He has finally done it. He finally had something to rely on just to improve his physical strength by a huge margin. Heaven Defying Armor was the part of his cultivation improved by the power of Pioneer Body.

It forms a golden armor around his body and enhances all of his physical strength by double. It's almost like the Berserk except it doesn't have a weakness. At least, it doesn't have any until he overuses it.

That has been a tough problem for him. He has overused everything he has. He took a deep breath and focused on his Heaven Defying Armor. The golden energy gushed out of his body and covered his chest in the golden armor.

It extended to his foot and to his arms as well. As soon as he feels the armor, his strength surges like crazy. It soars as if there is no end. Until when the strength reached its peak, he felt he can see things.

Not like normal things, he could see heaven. It was just above him. The heaven of the lower world/mortal world was just above him in the sky. And, that's the only way to reach the Saint World.

But, he had no worries. Since he had walked on his own path, he isn't restricted by anything, not even heaven. The one who wrote the order has no control over him. But, that doesn't mean he can't be manipulated or killed.

The one who wrote the order can still kill him if he wants to. But, Mike has no grudge against him or vice versa. Mike took a deep breath and released his golden armor. His physical body returned back to Half-Saint Realm strength.

Now, he has two plans in his head. He must improve his spirit and cultivation. He closed his eyes and suddenly appeared in front of King Irish. By his sudden appearance, King Irish was startled. He hasn't seen Mike for weeks.

But now, he could see some difference. He felt Mike got even more powerful. This was due to the domineering aura released by the body. Now that his body was above Martial Saint, even a normal person can feel suppression.

"Sirrr, what made you visit me?" King Irish's tongue shuttered a little but he soon maintained his voice and asked.

"Can you do me a favor and tell me how many Martial Saint there are in this continent?" Mike had a plan in his mind. He found a way to improve his cultivation and get a new heavenly maiden.

"yess, yes! There is only twelve Martial Saint on this continent. These are their names and their locations." Elder Irish instantly guessed something and made the list with his qi. Once the names were imprinted in the paper, Mike read it.

He memorized the entire continent from Bing Lan's and Xiao Je's memories. So, it didn't take him long to find their locations. He closed his eyes and disappeared. He appeared inside the Lightning Spirit World.

Normally, it was hard to enter this world but now he has the Void Law. So, it didn't take him long. After entering this place, he released his Pioneer Eyes. His red eyes transformed into purple and the large number of laws condensed into balls and encircled him.

He smiled and took them but this time he covered his hands with purple energy released by his eyes. Then, he kept it inside a void cage. He continued to gather more. After that, he appeared in another world known as Fire Spirit World.

This was the same world as Lightning Spirit World except it had flames over it. There was a large history behind it. These worlds were created by the elemental gods which were the disciples of the Almighty God.

Of course, whether this was a rumor or truth, he doesn't care. But, there was one thing that stunned him. The tower inside these worlds blocked him. They didn't allow him to enter with a single panel.

[Overwhelming Strength! You can't enter]

In both towers, he got the same notification. And, there was something else that was bothering him. He truly couldn't see the end. Even at the end of these spirit worlds, these towers weren't completed.

They extended above these worlds. But something even more confusing was how? Because he didn't find a single gap in the upper part of these worlds. He even tried to break the world but these towers protected the world.

Soon, he appeared in Water Spirit World, Wind Spirit World, Earth Spirit World, Metal Spirit World, Light Spirit World, and Dark Spirit World. He absorbed an immense amount of laws from these worlds.

He had to recharge his body in each world. He eats more than two hundred beasts to recharge his body in total. After collecting a massive amount of laws, he disappeared.

The next moment he appeared in the golden palace.

He appeared outside the door which started guests as they raised their spear and shouted.

"Who are you?"

But suddenly, a voice rang from inside.

"Let him in!" Hearing that voice, two guards immediately take down their weapons.

Mike smirked as he walked inside. Instead of using Void Law, he used Space Law to give them a heads-up. After all, they can still sense the manipulation of space. The guards opened the door and Mike walked in.

When he walked in, he saw a man sitting on the couch. He had his right leg above his left. But as Mike walked in, he puts his hands down. As a Martial Saint, he instantly became aware of his strength.

"Who are you?"

"I need your help." Saying so, Mike released the void law in front of him and used Pioneer's Eyes. With that eyes, he controlled the law until it touches the Martial Saint's.

He wanted to dodge but everything happened too fast. His body got invaded by the law. In an instant, massive pieces of information entered his brain. The lightning-sparked around his body as his control over law improved.

He stared at Mike and asked, "Why?"

"Invite other Martial Saints! If they fight me, I will give them other laws as well. Of course, that includes you." Mike wanted to comprehend the higher level of Spirit. And, for that, he needs to battle constantly.

Originally, before this, a thought came to his mind. He wanted to find Blood Demon King and kill him. But, even though he searched the both Zhen Xu Continent and Shen Wu Continent, he didn't find him.

Not only him, but he also didn't find Silver King or Sword Demon either. He stopped his search and continued to gather more laws.

After hearing his words, Martial Saint stayed silent for a while and asked "What's your current strength? I mean, your true strength!"

"I can kill Half-Saint using my physical strength," Mike answered but he wasn't honest. After all, he could go beyond that.

"Then sorry but you can't leave." Mike got a little dumbfounded when he heard his words. At this moment, Martial Saint broke a talisman and the entire golden palace started trembling.

Seeing this, Mike bitterly smiled and took out a few drones from his system space. This was a blessing for him. He simply wanted to have a friendly spar and even gathered benefits for them because he felt he shouldn't be cruel.

After all, he forces others against their will then he will feel guilty.

At the same time, he released his Void Law and some more projection drones around the world. He chose the specific places for the Martial Saints because now he could see his true strength and make this easier.

"Man, I love your idea." Mike felt so happy in his heart that he giggled in his heart and gave him a thumbs-up.

:::::::::

Readers, seriously check out my new book: Tower Ascension.

I am not even getting comments from my dear readers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 304
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Disciple, why did you summon me?" The particles of energy combined together to form an image of an old man. He looked fairly old with a long white beard and bald head. He wore a white dress but for some reason, his entire existence was blue.

'Is it the advance version of projectors?' Mike giggled in his heart. The happiness still hasn't faded away. As a person who has read the cultivation novel, he knew these plots. But until now, things were not exactly what he predicted.

Yes, people were greedy but only a few. There were many people like the elders of Invincible Sword Sect, Irish King, or even other people who weren't greedy. Of course, his meaning of greedy was different. It's not just having greed for something rather losing their mind because of greed.

This plot happens a lot so he was expecting it more. But, he didn't get it. People were fairly conscious of their strength and do not overstep their boundaries. It was so confusing that he didn't even believe that this truly was a cultivation world.

And, there was another reason that made him happy except being able to display his strength to the world. He also wanted to test his power without leaving the Mortal World. Because he wasn't strong enough to make enemies in the Saint World.

The person floating in front of him wasn't a True Saint nor a Half-Saint. He was probably a Great Saint. That's the only reason why its power was equal to a True Saint. After all, people from the higher world can't use all of their strength in the lower world. That's the common rule in every universe except his previous one.

A half-saint came to kill him and he was able to use all of his strength as well. Though compared to the Half-Saint of this universe, he was like an ant. This made him understand why this world was above that world. While the body was one thing, Qi could do almost anything, and backed with laws, they were almost invincible to his universe.

"Master, please forgive my insolence and greediness. This person here possesses an immense amount of law for some reason and he can also use Void Law. I hope master can help me. With enough power of law, I will be able to ascend to Sainthood." Hearing his words, Mike giggled even more at his idiocy.

For the first time, he has seen an idiot. Of course, he didn't look too much in the mirror. The reason why he thinks this guy is an idiot is pretty simple. Mike made it clear that he will give these laws to them if they can battle him.

But, this guy was so greedy that he wanted all of that laws to himself.

"Oh, Void Law! Hehe, my disciple, you have finally done something great. It seems giving you that talisman that has stored my True Saint powers wasn't a wrong idea. With Void Law, I can finally enter the Half-Immortal Realm. Kakakakaka!"

His laughter was striking his eardrums but this made him learn something new. It seems even Great Saint can't display the True Saint power every time. Since Xiao Je didn't use it that means either she didn't get time or she didn't have one.

No matter what, it was a good thing. Because while he was happy about this, he was seriously frightened. Because he never considered that possibility.

'It seems my moves are still filled with carelessness. I need to improve. I need to make a move only when I am hundred percent sure to withdraw without losing myself or anyone.' Mike thought to himself as he clenched his fist.

"Boy, you have the Half-Saint Body but you are still living in the Mortal World. It seems you got more secrets than just those laws." The old man truly had a sharp gaze but in Mike's eyes, it was just basic. Just look at him, as handsome and young as he is, how can he get this strong without many treasures?

Mike rolled his eyes and said, "Aren't you too greedy for someone who is this old?"

"Kakaka! What do you know? Old age makes us greedy. We want to eat delicacy, fuck beauties and live more. But unfortunately, because of our old age, it is very hard. Especially for someone who can't cultivate." The old man laughed as he answered.

'Well, he is a pervert. But, his idea isn't bad. Once I become invincible, I should also enjoy time eating and fucking ladies. With my future cultivation, I won't even have a problem turning fat. Yes, that's my plan for the future. Thanks, old man, but now I have to kill you.' Mike spoke to himself as he stared at the old man.

"Are you sure you can kill me?" Mike asked as he formed a smirk on his lips.

"Kakaka! What made you think that you can escape? You might be a genius but you don't understand the difference between Saints. Let me show you!" The old man clapped and three of them appeared in the sky.

Mike looked at him with surprise. He tried to use the Space Law to counter but it wasn't enough. The domineering aura released by his True Saint Body offset his laws.

"When you reach saint realm, your body will constantly generate aura. This aura has two special features. First, it can easily make your opponent understand the difference. Second, it can block anything under its realm."

"That means either you have to get True Saint Body or condense the aura strong as mine." The old man spoke as he saw the confused look in Mike's eyes.

Hearing his words, Mike nodded his head with understanding. But suddenly, a smirk appeared on his lips. The dark energy released out of his body. This dark energy was his Chaos Spirit. It spread around his body and startled the old man.

"What's that?" The old man stared at his chaos spirit and shouted.

"Something that can help me kill your projection!" Mike smirked as he entered Speed Zombie Mode. The domineering force entered his veins and the lightning sparkled around his eyes.

"Heaven Defying Armor!" "Fighting Spirit!" "Slaughter Spirit!" "Blood Spirit!" "Chaos Overlord Body!" "Desolate God Bloodline!" "Celestial Bloodline!"

"Now, let's fight!" Mike smirked as the golden armor covered his body. At this moment, the smile fades away from the old man's lips. Because Mike's battle strength has soared into True Saint Realm.

"Golden Dragon Emperor Secret Art- Claw falling from Heaven!"

The old man didn't waste a single breath and went for the offense. His massive qi exploded into the sky and formed a giant claw of the golden dragon. Several laws combined together in that giant claw.

"Chaos Scripture- Yin-Yang Explosion!"

Two energy lives his body. Slowly, the energy transform into two giant balls as they moved towards the claw.

Boom!

Upon colliding with it, they exploded. The explosion was so great that it split the sky and scattered the clouds. But, the golden claw didn't end there.

"Lightning Domain + Berserk Domain!"

"Lightning King Scripture + Desolate Berserks Scripture- Tyrant Ruler of the Sky!"

At this moment, the lightning domain and berserk domain merged together. The lightning bolts on the lightning domain exploded with immense power. They combined together and formed a giant rod of lightning.

The rod moved towards the golden claw. But soon, the lightning dragon encircled the rod and collides its head against the claw.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

The lightning dragon head pierced the golden claw while the rod stood still in the mid-sky. The lightning bolt condensed around it and spread out. Few bolts of lightning struck towards the old man. Those weren't ordinary lightning bolts but they weren't enough to damage him.

He simply raised his hand and blocked it. But suddenly, his eyes narrowed. He was so focused on the rod that he forget to keep a trace of Mike. At this moment, Mike was already behind him, appearing out of the void portal.

"Desolate Berserk Scripture- Desolate Bull's Thrust!"

Bang!

His fist struck the stomach as the old man tried to turn and block him. The strike sent him flying thousands of miles away. But suddenly, Mike appeared above him. Seeing this, his eyes narrowed. This time he saw him clearly and condensed dozens of laws to form a golden spear and thrust it at Mike.

Splash! Splash!

His spear pierced Mike's body which brought a smile on his lips until a golden spear pierced his body. Beneath him, Mike's invisible body slowly turned visible. Only then he notice Mike's body had melted into a huge pot of blood.

That's the blood clone that he created from Devouring Blood Scripture.

"Gah!" The old man coughed out blood and condensed the space law around him. But when he tried to teleport, his space law broke.

"I told you. I am going to kill you here. As for your real body, just wash your neck and wait! Of course, if you can forget this then I can forget this as well." Saying so, Mike released his Blood Domain.

But, suddenly the old man let out a hectic laugh "Kakakaka! Kakaka! Do you think you can kill me? Dream on, kid!"

Only then did Mike notice small dark particles around his body.

Boom!

:::::::::::::

Readers, seriously check out my new book: Tower Ascension.

I am not even getting comments from my dear readers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 305
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The moment explosion occurred, the old man teleported himself away and released qi to heal. After all, that spear did pierce his body. But suddenly, his expression when the dust settled. He didn't see Mike inside the explosion.

Clap! Clap! Clap!

"This is my gift to you for pulling that trick, old man. If it was previous me, you could've succeeded." Suddenly, Mike clapped from behind startling him. The old man turned around and found something rushing towards him.

Only when he looked clear, he notice that wasn't something. It was his disciple's head. Only then did he notice his disciple's body on the ground and it didn't have a head.

"Idiot! I have the Void Law. Do you really think I can predict that attack?" Mike snorted but he wasn't telling the truth. For the first time, he had used his Pioneer Eyes. Because he knew he wouldn't have enough time to focus during the battle.

That's why he had looked into the future and understood the battle properly. This allowed him to make a proper strategy to defeat the old man. So, why is he talking and taking this long?

"Yeah! Damn! I almost forgot that you have Void Law. I truly made a mistake and that mistake cost me the life of my disciple." The old man helplessly spoke as he clenched the hair of the old man.

"But, I won't make the same mistake again!" Suddenly, the old man threw his disciple's head at Mike and released an intense amount of Qi.

"Golden Dragon Emperor Secret Art- Seven Hell Spears!"

Suddenly, the seven spears emerged from qi and merged with the laws as they surrounded Mike. But, at this moment, Mike only snickered "Idiot!"

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

When those spears pierced his body, the old man found it wasn't his real body. It was another blood clone. At this moment, Mike was under him. There was a massive cannon facing the old man. His red lightning encircled the cannon.

But, that didn't end there. He can't kill the saint with red lightning alone. He released his Chaos Spirit, Dark element, domineering force, poisons, and even god slaughtering essence. Normally, it wouldn't be possible to merge them at once.

That's why he waited for this long. He made the old man believe that he was inside the explosion. Then, once again, he made him believe that the old man can slaughter him while talking for a moment. All of this was just to buy real him some time to merge all that.

And, why didn't the old man realize it? Simple, he overloaded his Heaven Defying Armor to channel the power into his Void Law and condense a perfect illusion around him. Once again, he did overuse something.

"God of Sex Scripture- Big Bang!"

This was his first scripture completely related to his path. As a God of Sex, he acquired the knowledge of those domains and scriptures by fucking those ladies and entering the enlightenment state. So, he decided to give this new scripture the name related to his path.

"Noooooooooooo!"

Boom!

The old man screamed when the massive ball hit him. The next moment, an explosion shook the entire Shen Wu continent. At this moment, people who were watching this felt surreal. Even though they were watching from the sides, they didn't see how Mike did everything.

They were left speechless and confused. But, they do understand one thing. Someone is now going to rule their continent. But, different from them, Mike was considering his current strength. After the battle with True Saint, he basically understood three major differences.

First, he needs to have overwhelming attacks to damage them. Second, he needs to be in stealth as much as he can. Third, he needs to preserve his stamina. There were only a few reasons he won. First, that wasn't his real body.

No matter how much that old man claimed to be True Saint, he was only a projection. It couldn't be as strong as a body of a True Saint otherwise that strike from golden spear wouldn't have pierced him. Mike can create the golden armor but he can't have the effect as the real one.

His blood clones were created with his original strength. That means his Half-Saint physical strength was able to pierce that old man which explains everything. He was on stealth as much as he could. That means the old man's control over laws wasn't that strong as well.

After all, he couldn't sense Mike's Void Law. On another hand, it would be a miracle if he could sense it when it was just protection. Third, Mike had his last but most powerful attack. That ball wasn't a single red ball.

It was a mixture of red lightning, domineering force, four spirits, slaughter essence, elements, qi, blood energy, poisons, and even the overwhelming physical strength launch that much force. Although it seemed like pulling the trigger, it was harder than moving an island.

Because that ball was heavier than the island due to the several energies combined together.

'I am still not strong enough to enter the Saint World. I need to reach Lord Realm before entering the Saint World otherwise I would be simply killed. And, I also need to master the Void Law. I haven't used Space Law as an offense even though it could properly get me a win.'

'I don't understand what's exactly is holding me back from using space law as an offense. I truly haven't used it for the offense and becoming more and more dependent on it for the movement. Hmm! That old man was using several laws at once.'

'It was confusing but I wonder if I can absorb those laws from his dead projection. Wait, I need to find his dead projection.'

Thinking so, he instantly rushed towards the dark cloud.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

The moment he entered the dark cloud, his space law tingled as he teleported a few times. The spear passed through different places. His eyes narrowed when he saw the old man's projection healing.

'Damn! Damn! Damn! How can I get so careless? This is a saint. Damn it! I shouldn't have wasted my time thinking about the battle.'

'Wait, wait, wait! Calm down, Mike! Come down! The future you saw was already altered the moment you used that attack. So, calm down and think how can you defeat this old man?'

Slowly, his ugly expression returned to normal. He raised his hand and snapped his finger.

"Space God Scripture- Swords of Thousand Worlds!"

Suddenly, thousands of space swords appeared around the old man and shot towards him. This time the old man had seriousness in his eyes. The golden qi encircled him and transformed into a giant golden dragon.

"Golden Dragon Emperor Secret Art- Golden Scales Walls!"

The dragon scales spread around him and formed the giant wall of defense.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Thousands of swords collided with the golden scales and crumbled. His space swords weren't able to pierce it. But, Mike didn't stop. He released his lightning domain with domineering force and coated his space swords with lightning and infusing domineering force inside it.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Crack! Crack!

As he expected, these swords were a lot more powerful but even so, these scales were almost indestructible. Suddenly, his eyes narrowed.

"Space God Scripture- Rupture of World!"

In an instant, the space around the walls cracked and the void appeared around it and sucked the golden dragon. The dragon was unable to face the power of the void as it started fading. At this moment, Mike's guess came true.

That old man was healing inside the walls. Now, he was getting pulled by the void, he stopped his healing and created another wall of space to block the void.

"Space God Scripture- Monster of Devourer!"

Suddenly, the whirlpool emerged above the old man. One end of the whirlpool was bound with the void while another end was on this space. The black hole released an immense suction power as good as a void to suck the old man inside.

This time old man couldn't create the space to cover it. Though he did manipulate the space swords to break it. He didn't simply use the space law. He also used various other laws. Seeing this, Mike's eyes sparkled.

He had seen these laws used by an old man again and again. He guessed it would be Destruction Law but he didn't know what else. After all, those space swords were destroying the part of the whirlpool.

"Lightning King Scripture- Chaos Lightning!"

Bang!

The bolt of lightning emerged out of his hand but suddenly disappeared. When it next appeared, it was just behind the old man. And, the blue lightning was covered with dark energy. It was his Chaos Spirit merged with lightning, and traveling through the void.

"Argh! Damn it!" The old man screamed in pain when the lightning pierced his body. The chaos spirit empowered the lightning enough to destroy his cells. But suddenly, he raised his hand and a golden spear appeared behind Mike's head.

Snap!

Splash!

::::::::

Check out my new book: Tower Ascension

Comment to let me know that you are reading and enjoying my books

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 306
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mike rolled his void law and condensed a portal behind him. At the same, he formed another portal behind the old man. The spear went from one portal to another and pierced the old man. It pierced till the tip emerged from the tip.

The blood dripped from the tip and fell towards the sky. Mike vanished and appeared near the old man. The golden spear transformed into the golden dagger as he sliced the head. But, he didn't end there. He cuts several other parts as well.

[EXP has reached its limit? Would you like to level up?]

Mike shook his head and ignored it. He has completely rejected the Qi. Even though he still has it in his body, he doesn't walk on that path. So, he doesn't need it much. As long as he improves his true cultivation, he won't need that.

Mike looked at the body of the old man who had just died. He opened his Pioneer Eyes and found dozens of laws around him. He didn't hesitate to collect those laws in his void cage. After that, he turned his face at the camera held by the drone.

"Hello everyone, you might be wondering who am I? My name is Mu Chen. Well, I just came out of the mountains and found that I was the strongest in this world. Obviously, I won't stay here for long but before that, there is something I would like to do."

As he spoke, he showed the cages that contained laws "You might wonder why did I come in conflict with that guy. Well, I have a proposal. I want to fight the Martial Saints. And, don't worry, I will make this fair. And, I have this as the reward."

As he said, he shifted the camera angles to the void ball inside the voice cage. He was using purple energy to make them visible. Then, he turned at the camera and continued "This might come as surprise but these are laws. All you need to do is touch it and you can easily comprehend the laws."

"It might be ridiculous but if it wasn't true then why would that guy use the lifesaving to kill me. Well, it depends on you. I will be waiting at his palace. So, come and visit me!"

As he finished, he turned off the cameras on the drones and put them back to his system storage. After all, he went back to the golden palace. At this moment, millions of people were standing below him.

Clap!

He claps and instantly everyone looks at him.

"From today, I will be the king of this kingdom. Nothing has changed, neither the officials nor the people, just the king. Now, I want everyone related to the previous king to enter the royal palace."

His plan was pretty simple. Now that they don't king, he is going to have those women. Of course, he has further plans for them. In just ten minutes, more than a thousand people entered the palace. Surprisingly, more than half were women and the late king's concubine.

'Damn! And, I am the one who wants to be the God of Sex.' Mike speechlessly looked at the overwhelming number of ladies.

"Ahem!" His cough was enough to make them look at him with full attention.

"As I previously said, I won't change anything. I am not even planning to leave heir so whoever is the current crown prince will be the next king. Of course, I will declare the king before I leave so your behavior will very affect your future."

"And, if you want to avenge your father or husband, don't even bother trying it. I don't like killing people for fun. Even if I give you a thousand lives, you can't change anything. Now, since I have declared important things, everyone except the queen and concubine shall leave the palace."

Hearing those words, the women trembled a little. Some had fear while some had lust while some were genuinely blushing. After everyone else left the palace, the entire hall only had half of the people remaining.

"A king needs his harem. But, before having anyone of you. I want you to know two things. First, if you don't want to be in my harem, you can leave. If you have a son or daughter, you can stay in the palace with their status but you will no longer be the part of the palace on your own."

"Second, if you decide to be in my harem, none of you are qualified to be with me. So, when I leave, I will only take that care of the best and take them with me. So, if you don't have confidence or talent, you can leave now."

"I am a little strict. If I find you having sex with anyone after I leave, you will be executed. But, if you leave now, you can do whatever you want. There will be no restriction."

Hearing his words, many women clenched their fists. They had a hard time making decisions. They didn't want to leave this status but they didn't want to die as well. Once he leaves, there is no way they can remain loyal.

They know just how little they care about having a relationship. In fact, some of them already have a relationship with several ministers while remaining as the concubine of the king. Power is a gamble.

"And, believe me, I can easily sense the aura of several men in your bodies. I don't care what you have done until now but from this moment, your decision is everything."

"By the way, I haven't introduced myself, have I? My name is Mu Chen. I am currently nineteen. And, My body is Half-Saint Rank. Within a few months, I will leave the mortal world and enter the Saint world. Ahh! This made me realize something. There is something that I lack."

His words caught everyone off guard. At first, they didn't believe him. But when they look at his face properly, he wasn't old at all. Although cultivators can change their appearance, there is no reason for them to brag like this especially when he can easily force them.

"The reason why I told you about my age is because of something that I lack. There are nearly five hundred of you. And, some of you might not want to be with me. If that's the case, this new and third option won't be good for you."

"So, you can leave right now."

Hearing his words, nearly hundreds of women backed down. After that, Mike continued "I have a new proposal for you. How about becoming my slave?"

When his words finished, the room became silent. But, he could feel the rage in the air. Although they were willing to have a relationship with him, they didn't want to his slave.

But, suddenly, Mike released his aura and the entire palace shook.

"Before you decide, let me tell you something. If you become my slave, I can take you to the Saint World even if you haven't reached the Half-Saint Realm. I will take you wherever I go and dual cultivate with all of you."

"Of course, I will treat you as a slave, not as my wife. So, there are going to be restrictions. But, I am not some kind of maniac who is willing to dry you just for the yin qi. Of course, my dual cultivation technique is the best in the world."

"Power is a gamble. I assume you believe in this as well. Now, let's see if you have the guts to take this gamble. Of course, now you can still return and be with whoever you want. But as I said, you will only be the part of Palace if you have a son/daughter."

Hearing his words, the group of women turned silent. They clenched their fist. It was getting harder for them to decide. Suddenly, one of the women suddenly spoke "Your majesty, we do believe that we are lustful women. If you are going to take all of us, how are you going to make time for us and cultivation?"

"That's the good question. And, the answer might offset you but this is what I meant by making you slaves, not wife or concubine. Of course, if your progress is good, you can rise up to a higher rank." As he said, he made a blood clone.

For a moment, there was a bit of disgust on their face. They want power but they didn't want to get fucked by the clone. Nobody wants that. But, Mike's clone was different.

"Alright, I will give you all an edge. All of you versus my clone. If you win, I will not only make your status permanent but also help you in dual cultivation. And, it wouldn't matter if you choose another man after I leave. But, if you lose, all of you will willing accept to be my slave."

Mike had complete faith in his clone. The blood clone is different because of its ability to replicate itself. And, not only that, he could even replicate his cultivation technique, cultivation realm, elements, domains, everything except for the bloodlines and physique.

And, that's only because his comprehension of Blood Law wasn't strong enough. And, this was the best thing that he could have. He wanted to improve his cultivation but he can't go around fucking every lady.

That's why he decided to have slaves, concubines, and wives. His wives will get all of his attention. His concubine will get half of his attention and his slave will get zero attention. But, he will assign his blood clones to each slave.

But, there is one problem. He can't create that many blood clones at once. And, why did he think of such an absurd idea? Because, during those months in the void, he realized how to truly use something he possess to its full potential.

:::::::::

Check out my new book: Tower Ascension

Vote with Golden Tickets

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 307
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

He will keep them in his inner world and create the kingdoms. He will populate his inner worlds with his slave and blood clones, a peaceful world where every king will be his clone and every queen will be his concubine.

He can give talents like spiritual roots or innate ability inside his inner world. That means he can populate cultivators.

Of course, he doesn't know whether he will ever need them but it won't be bad to have an army that can help you whenever you want.

But, he has decided to make his blood clone look different. He doesn't want his blood clone to have the same faces since it will be bad for the reputation of the kingdoms. But, he will indeed give them an aura.

This aura will allow him to find his clone. It's basically him creating the world of his own inside the Inner World. And, now he can even absorb the universe to gather more energy and send it to the inner world.

As for his concubine, he has planned to make empires that consist of several kingdoms. Each blood clone and the concubine will rule the empire. And, finally, his wives and he can live in the heaven created in his world.

That's the world he wants. Of course, everything will just be a dream if he doesn't grow his strength to back it up. It's like the difference between arrogance and confidence. If you are confident about something and successfully do it then it is truly confidence.

But, if you are confident about something but couldn't succeed then it's nothing but arrogance. Mike doesn't want to fall for arrogance. He wants to be confident and back that with his strength. Using slaves to dual cultivate and improve his realm is the best way to back that confidence.

The women were compelled to his words and his blood clone walked in the middle. As soon as the blood clone stood there, dozens of women pounced towards him, releasing an intense amount of qi.

"Futile!"

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

He simply raised his hand and released immense pressure from his body. The aura of a Half-Saint released out of his body and pressed those women to the ground. The pressure was so great that everyone was not only knocked down but also bleeding.

Clap!

Mike clapped his and stopped his blood clone.

"I know all of you have lived the life of concubine and wives. But, you have only seen a fraction of the great power. There are worlds beyond worlds, and all of you know that. Being a slave is not humiliation, it is the greatest opportunity you could ever have."

"Because when we reach the end, you can look back and remember your journey. Well, since I've won the bet, from now on, every one of you will be my slave. And, for the first day as a slave, I want to eat all of you by myself."

Hearing last words, blushes appeared on their faces. They got up and the previous woman once again spoke. She had a tall height and jade-like skin. Her cultivation was also Martial Emperor Realm. She was qualified as the queen but he wasn't sure.

"Your majesty, my name is Shin Rao. I shall submit my heart and soul to be your slave."

Her words were filled with melodious sounds.

'Wait, why is there a musician? Man, I must be hearing this.' Mike spoke to himself when he imagined the beautiful soundtrack in his mind. He doesn't know it might be the effect of reading too many xianxia novels.

But, he keeps having these soundtracks in his mind whenever these people spoke. Whether it would be gloomy or melodious, he can imagine the sound in his mind.

"I will accept your loyalty. But…. I can't accept betrayal."

Mike spoke as he stared at the ladies with sharp eyes. Their souls got shaken for a moment. But soon, they managed to recover. After he changed his gaze, a smile appeared on his lips as he said "Remember, heaven and earth are not fair so I am not fair as well."

"I don't know how many guys you have fucked up till now nor do I care. If you can make me cum, I can raise your status. And, if you can help me improve faster, I will raise your status as well. So, return back and also send the prince and princess."

Nodding their heads, everyone left the palace hall. Soon, nearly thirty young people arrived. Twenty of them were male while ten of them were female. There were few children as well. When they arrived inside, they stood in front of Mike.

This made him a little disturbed. Although he didn't want to be King of this kingdom forever, he was still the king.

"Is this your respect to your new king?" Mike stared at them and released his immense aura. The aura was so powerful that a few children instantly turned pale and started coughing blood.

"We apologize, your majesty!" Everyone instantly kneeled and begged for forgiveness. Hearing their words, Mike released his pressure. It's not that he got happy rather he didn't want to hurt those children. After all, one of them was only six years old.

He raised his hand suddenly, the six-year-old kid disappeared. This startled them but he instantly appeared on Mike's hands. Using the Ten Thousand Poisons Spell to heal him, he stared at others and said "I don't like violence but that doesn't mean you can do whatever you want."

"I don't care how much you loved your father. If I didn't have that strength, then it would have been my death. So, I have no pity for you. But, as I said, I don't like violence. So, I want your respect even if it forced till I leave."

Hearing his words, those princes and princess nodded their heads.

"Good! Now, let's talk about who is going to be the next king."

Hearing his words, those princesses and prince got confused. How could anyone discuss such a thing with such ease?

"Basically, I don't care who leads the kingdom but I still want to know who has such intention. So, don't be frightened and raise your hands." Mike commanded them as he looked at them with interest.

Among the princes and princesses, there were nearly five old princes, ten teenagers, and five kids in the boy's group. There were five old princesses, two teenagers, and three kids. Of course, this includes the kid on his lap.

At this moment, five of them raised their hands. Three were old princes, one was a boy, and another was an older princess.

"It seems we have few contestants. Okay, let's be real here. First, it depends upon your performance. This performance includes your behavior with me and your cultivation. By the way, all of you have already disappointed me by your attitude."

"Now, let's talk about what you can do to be the next king of the kingdom." Saying so, he turned his head at the girl and said "Of course, you would still be a king and the harem would be reversed or whatever."

"The thing is I am ruled by my pleasure and desires. So, I can choose anyone to be the next king. So, all of you can return back except five princesses."

When his words rang on their ears, they looked at each other. It was quite hard to accept it but they got no choice. Except for the five princesses, everyone left including the child in his lap. Those princesses looked at the ground.

They couldn't look at his eyes especially when they have that thought in their minds.

"Okay, I will be direct here. Since I don't have time to play. I am nineteen and looking for my own harem. There are girls who can personally make me fall for them but none of you are included there. So, you girls don't possess much value."

"Of course, since I am looking for my harem. I have separated it into three portions. Wives, Concubine, and Slaves. More than three hundred ladies who just left have agreed to be my slaves. They could improve their status based on their performance but for now, they are just slaves."

"And, I will be leaving this Mortal World within three months and enter the Saint World. Of course, I am taking them with me. Don't doubt how? Just listen! I have given this same opportunity to your aunts or mother and I am giving the same opportunity to you."

"I know all of you are already over forty years old. So, I think you are mature enough to understand this. If you value strength, then follow me. If you value love, then continue to be the princess for three months. I don't like to be forceful, so you can do whatever you like."

It was just mere words. But, these words carried more power than heaven. In just an instant, the ground beneath them had slid. They were no longer capable of thinking properly. They only had two choices.

Mike didn't think twice before going this path. He understood he needs more women to improve his cultivation. He was way behind most people. And, this was his best way. Of course, if their husband/father hadn't made such an idiotic mistake, then it wouldn't have happened.

At least, not to them, maybe another but not them?

"Your majesty, if you are looking for the talent. Among princesses, our seventh princess possesses an immense talent. Unfortunately, she hasn't awakened it. She is currently fifteen and the next year, she can awaken that talent." One of the princesses took a step forward and spoke.

'But, then why didn't the system notify me?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 308
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Because it can't detect the talent unless it has made the sexual relationship with you or awakened it. That girl had none. No matter what, it is a blessing for you. There is already another girl in this continent with such talent."

"If you can find her and make her your woman, you would get double benefits. Get the blood of that girl so that system can check her talent. If she really possesses such talent, you shouldn't let this go. This is the path you have chosen. There is no way you can back down right now." Claire's voice rang on his ears making him realize the reality.

He closed his eyes for a moment and thought. He knew whatever he was doing wasn't right. He was doing it just for the sake of improving his cultivation.

'Yes, I will do it but my way. She has a right to decide. I will make her fall in love with me. For now, let's focus on these girls.'

After coming out of his thoughts, Mike glanced at the girls and asked "So, what do you think of my proposal?"

"Your majesty, can we really improve our cultivation as your slave?" The girl who raised her hand to be the king spoke. She wasn't ready to accept this position unless it benefits her.

"Hmm! How about this? I know none of you care about virginity or having sex because if you had, you wouldn't have taken so long to decide. So, how about spending the night with me? After you find the result, you can decide on your choice." Mike smiled at her question.

She was truly ready to do anything for strength. And, having sex wasn't much hard for her. Not just her, it wasn't hard for anyone else either. They looked at each other and bites their lips, before looking at the ground and nodding their heads.

"Good! Then, why are we waiting?" Mike smirked as he snapped his fingers. In an instant, all of them entered his room inside the Inner World.

As soon as they entered appeared in the room, they got surprised. Mike turned his head at the girls and asked "So, who wants to go first?"

The girl who asked to be the king froze and asked "Aren't you going to ask our name?"

"Are you worthy?" Mike looked at her with a sharp gaze and asked.

Hearing his question, she froze. She bites her lips with frustration. She was merely a Martial King while Mike was already the Half-Saint. And not only that, he defeated the True Saint.

This time Mike truly said something that came from his heart. He knew he was being a little arrogant but he can't go around learning the name of every slave or concubines he gets. Of course, he has a system so he doesn't need to worry about finding her name in the future.

But, for now, he doesn't truly care about her name. His plan included him spending his time with his future wives and current wives, not with the women he got from another man. Since they couldn't introduce each other, Mike immediately started fucking them.

It was good, especially with that same girl. Of course, he didn't forget to shake their soul and learn their memories. This is the fastest way to learn more about them. He was shocked when he found about this girl.

It turns out she was way ahead of the current crown prince. Her tactic was simply marvelous. Use what you have, get what you need. She used her talent and royal bloodline and her beauty perfectly. Her uncles, main generals, and even the main ministers, everyone had already bowed under her skirt.

She was in the master class. And, if they do not listen to her, she could clean that person. She had accused three persons, two ministers, and one general of assaulting her. This was enough to engrave the fear in others' hearts.

After that, most of them couldn't do anything but listen to her. And, she was too good at bed as well. Mike fucked her for five days and only then did she pass out. As for her sisters, they weren't that good. Most of them passed out in one or two days.

The disappearance of Mike would cause panic in the kingdom so he left the clone outside while he fucks those princesses inside. After the tenth day, it was a royal meeting where Mike was on the throne and five princesses were behind him.

Mike did that to prove his presence in the crowd and his relationship with the princesses. After all, he wasn't their father. He doesn't have to worry about anything. And, having five Martial Emperors behind him was quite good.

He had proved to them that he was qualified to be their master. And, also to those three hundred ladies. Of course, his cultivation also rose to Gold Rank. That was an amazing improvement. Now, he just hopes that he can reach Lord Realm after fucking three hundred ladies.

He looked at the four princes and smiled "Now, you have one less contestant."

Then, he turned his head at the royal ministers and said "I have decided to make a contribution to the kingdom as the new king."

His words made other confused while he took out a few papers.

"These are the contracts. Once you sign in this contract, you can never betray the kingdom until the death of the next king. So, why would you sign this contract?"

Mike asked them as he took out his void cage filled with laws.

"Since I have already announced this to the world, you must know them. These are the powers of laws that will be the reward of the grand competition. The top ten will get the reward if you sign this contract. There aren't many Martial Saint in this world."

"If you reach top ten and sign the contract, you can reach Martial Saint Realm. All you have to do is protect the kingdom until the next king's rule. After that, you can leave. Of course, after that, you can't attack the kingdom on your own."

"I will preside over the competition. Now, everyone leaves and make preparation for the grand competition!"

As he said, he disappeared leaving everyone speechless. They didn't notice but a girl had also disappeared.

That was none other than Seventh Princess. When she appeared in the dark space, she freaked out for a moment.

"So, we finally get to meet little princess," Mike smirked as the light appeared around them. Mike walked towards her which made her frightened.

"Y—your majesty!" The Seventh Princess got frightened and kneeled down.

But, Mike hurriedly caught her hands and raised her, catching her.

"Little Princess, we have a lot to talk about. Now is not the time to kneel!"

"Your majesty!" The Seventh Princess blushed a little when Mike's face reached close to her. Not to mention, his hand on her waist was making her tremble.

"Little Princess, do you know me?" Mike asked as he smirked with his gentle attitude. At this moment, the seventh princess who has seen his attitude felt surreal. Of course, she doesn't know his attitude to her sisters in the bed otherwise she wouldn't blush.

She trembled and shook her head.

"My name is Mike Tyson. I am nineteen years old and currently looking for a wife. Would you be my wife?" Mike gently asked as he raised her hand and kissed it.

Her heart jerked out. She made a bitter face and asked "Don't you have my aunts?"

"Oh! Are you talking about them? Do you think they can be compared to you?" Mike smirked and answered.

"But...… I don't even love you." At this moment, Mike was broken for a moment. He didn't expect to get rejected this quickly. Fortunately, he had a plan in his mind. He holds her chin with his hand raised.

When her eyes were full of disbelieve, he kisses her soft lips. Those cheery lips were softer than anything else. For the moment, he couldn't help but compare her with his other wives. That taste, that feeling, he knows this.

He doesn't feel this with other women except for his wives. This is his sacred feeling. After a few seconds, she started struggling but Mike didn't let her leave. He kissed her for two minutes and finally gave up.

"Now I've kissed you, you are mine and mine only," Mike smirked as he separates her.

"How could you do this? Sniff! Sniff!" Suddenly, the seventh princess started sobbing which was totally not something he had planned.

"Come on! Don't cry! I was just trying to make you mine. You know I love you right?" Love, Mike wasn't truly sure. This thing is very mysterious. Except for Lauren, he didn't truly love others at the start. He just conquered their bodies and then conquered their mind.

That was his path. And then, they conquered his heart. Of course, Claire is an exception. Mike doesn't know whether he truly loves her or not as she does.

"But, you killed my father. Sniff!" The seventh princess finally released her frustration as she shouted.. When her words reached his mind, Mike froze.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 309
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Well, you are right. Let's go back!" Mike understood her immediately and let her disappear. As she returned back to the palace, she appeared next to five princesses.

As soon as she appeared there, the eldest princess asked "So, how was it, Seventh Sister? What did he make you?"

"He said he wants me to be his wife." The seventh princess suddenly felt a little heavy by this sudden question. She honestly replied what she just felt. She knew Mike was trying to get her and told her sisters that.

"What? Are you out of your mind, sister? Do you know just how lucky you are? Just look at us. A few days ago, we were either Martial King peak or early. But now, all of us are Martial Emperor. Don't you have any idea what you are going to lose?" The second eldest sister suddenly shouted as she grabs her shoulder.

"I know. But, I don't want to stay with the person who killed my father." The seventh princess had her heart set on it. She didn't want to marry someone who murdered her father.

At this moment, her eldest sister suddenly patted her head and said "Seventh sister, you are truly young. You don't know anything about this, do you? Father has so many children but why did he love only a few of them?"

"After all, he was everyone's father. He didn't love the fifth sister as much as me and you. He even hates the eleventh brother. Is it because the eleventh brother is bad? No, he is a good person but being a good person doesn't mean you will have a good result."

"He doesn't have the talent for cultivation. And, that's the reason why father hates him. He doesn't love you because you are his child. He loves you because you have that talent. Our new master has the same intention. He doesn't love you because of your beauty or cuteness."

"Of course, you can find someone who will love and appreciate your look. But, what then? He can't make you stronger. Do you think your identity can save you? No, because we are already doomed the moment our father died. In the end, it is still our strength that can keep us safe."

"This world is darker than you think, sister. Today you might sleep in your bed, the morning you might wake up in the brothel. What do you think you can do at that moment? Your fate will only continue to degrade. That's why we must make choices in time."

"Of course, I also have an ulterior motive for convincing you. Our talent isn't as strong as you. We can never become his wife. And, there will be tons of women around him. If we don't find someone from his wife status to support us, we will be buried under others."

"Of course, we won't force you but just think for your mother, aunts, and your sisters and then decide on what you have to say."

Hearing her words, the seventh sister burst into tears. She had already burst into tears when she mentioned that her father didn't love her because of who she was. But, she couldn't deny this either.

The women who didn't agree to become his slave were some random newly chosen concubine. They had already cheated with many men. So, they knew they couldn't stay loyal to a certain person.

That's why they left early. At this moment, Mike was standing in front of ten people. All of them were Martial Saint. Seven of them were male and three of them were female. They were inside on the deserted island near the Shen Wu continent.

"Sorry for keeping you waiting! I got a little busy with something." Mike smiled and apologized before starting the battle. Suddenly, one of them asked, "Can you show us the laws?"

Mike smiled and showed the laws inside the void cage. These were just small bubbles but they could feel the power of law from those bubbles. It wasn't hard to distinguish. After they thought for a moment, another man asked "So, why do you want to battle? If you want to prove your strength then you have already proven it."

"And, I don't think fighting us will improve your strength."

Mike smiled and shook his head, explaining "You are wrong. There are things that can always be improved. And, I have one of them. To improve it, I need constant. Up until now, I haven't got a chance to battle properly except once."

"But, even then it was still hard to improve it."

As he said, he makes a cut in his body and released three drops of blood. But, before they could fall, the drops of blood transformed into his clones. When those clones appeared, everyone had alertness in their eyes.

Even though they were simply clones, they had the same strength as him except they can't use Physique Abilities or skills or bloodline abilities.

"Don't be so alert! These aren't here to attack you rather they are here to defend me. After all, we barely know each other." As Mike said, he started restricting his physical strength. Of course, his spirit alone helps him fight against Martial Saint.

Rather, it is his body that utilizes his spirit to damage the opponent. Unfortunately, his current spirit can only damage the Martial King. That's why he locked his strength Martial Saint. As for his Qi and others, he completely locked them since he had no intention to use them.

"All of you versus me! Don't worry, as long as you don't gang up to kill me, nothing will happen." Mike pointed at them as he asked his clones to retreat. He slowly released his slaughter spirit to his fists.

As soon as the slaughter spirit appeared, the purple energy coats his body. Although the slaughter scent was heavy, it wasn't enough to make them fear.

"Alright, who wants to come first?" Mike looked at them and asked.

"My name is Hou Tian. I also trained my body." A bulky martial saint walked towards him and greeted him with a bow.

"That's good! Just remember even though my attacks won't do much harm, I am still using Martial Saint's physical strength. So, you can expect a battle." Mike said as he condensed a thick amount of slaughter spirit in his fist.

Whoosh! Bang!

With a slight nod, both of them pressed their foot against the ground. They raised their fists and slammed against each other. The black energy generated by his fist clashed with the purple energy send a powerful impact.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Martial Saints released their energies and formed the barrier around them. The same goes for Mike's clones, they also formed the barrier around them. But, the impact left some powerful scars on the barriers even though they were able to block them.

"Gah!"

After the punch, both of them retreated to a certain distance and Mike coughed out blood. Seeing this, other martial saints looked at each other and one of them spoke "His attacks weren't strong enough."

"Yes, Hou Tian has incredibly powerful physical strength and relies on several martial arts to use that strength. When Mu Chen launched an attack, it wasn't enough to counter the attack from Hou Tian. That led him to take some damage."

"But, his body was strong enough to contain most of that damage." The female martial saint explained.

"That's why he created those clones." Another man spoke with some realization.

"Yes, he already knew he would be incredibly injured in the battle so he created those clones. After all, against the Half-Saint Body, it is hard to win. Not to mention, there are three of them." Another man nodded his head and explained.

But until then Mike had already recovered using his pure vitality. This time he didn't rely on his Celestial Bloodline. Because there can be chances where he can't access the Celestial Bloodline. And, the only way to recover is by strengthening his body's natural recovery.

He had even restricted his armor so he was of pure physical strength and spirits. After giving Hou another glance, he rushed towards him once again. This time he condensed even more slaughter spirit on his fist and tried to dominate Hao attacks will.

Bang! Whoosh! Bang!

Once again, he got smashed on the ground after a punch. But, he didn't stop. Without even properly healing himself, he launched another attack. The fist and legs smashed against each other while each time his body falls on the ground, his slaughter spirit got stronger.

His will to slaughter becomes stronger. Devouring Blood Scripture inside his mind runs crazy. The purple spirit started transforming into silver. But even so, it wasn't enough to defeat the Martial Saints attack. Though he started getting hang of it.

Hou attacks weren't able to damage him further after two days but he wasn't able to damage Hou either. So, his only way to push past his limits was to reach Golden Rank Spirit. It was going to be hard but Mike knew he could succeed.

The battle lasted for three days and Mike was only a few inches closer to condensing his Golden Spirit. Unfortunately, Hou fainted.

::::::::

Check out: Tower Ascension

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 310
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I think he is dead." Mike looked at fainted Hou and said. Then, he sticks his p

alms together and bowed to show his appreciation.

Hearing his words, everyone glared at him and got a gentle smile from him. After fighting with Hou, he realized something. Even though he was only a little away from achieving Golden Rank Spirit, it wasn't easy.

After Hou, he battled with another Martial Saint. Although this time it wasn't a brawl. It was still a powerful fight where he had to use his Slaughter Spirit to counter every attack. Unfortunately, his Silver spirit never really reached Golden Spirit.

After another long exhausting battle, Mike asked for a pause. At this moment, he tried to remember what his master taught him during his training. After thinking for a long time, he concluded.

It's impossible to reach Golden Rank Spirit just by fighting. It needs belief. A strong belief over their own spirit. So, he decided to postpone his slaughter spirit improvement. Rather, he started a battle with other saints using his other spirits except for Chaos.

This was the only spirit that didn't required improvement. In fact, he hasn't even used Chaos Spirit to its full potential. The battle between them lasted for a month. During this month, Mike pushed all of his spirits to the limit.

He even comprehended a few other spirits like lightning, fire, space, darkness. Even these spirits were upgraded to the Silver Rank. He gave them those laws and let them leave except for a certain individual. During the month of time, he made a relationship with a new girl. Her name was Lin Xin.

This relationship was quite straight. It was simply both of them being Dao Companion. But, Mike didn't care since she hasn't tasted his supreme rod. Zemin also started with but now she has completely submitted.

This made him love this world even more. He had an absolute advantage where he doesn't need to focus too much on love. He can simply start with sex and end with love. It's quite opposite of most worlds.

Of course, he didn't choose her just because she was a Martial Saint. She was also a Heavenly Maiden and a virgin. Nothing was better than this. Of course, she only agreed because he promised her to make Half-Saint within a month and leave this world.

While they were having the battle, one of his clones was attending the royal competition. Mike didn't take long and entered the Inner World. At least, she was surprised but she didn't ask anything. He took her to the bed and suddenly puts his hand on her chin.

Suddenly, her body trembled.

"If you were this scared, why did you even agree?" Mike couldn't help but ask. She was trembling every second he touches her. This left him in confusion.

Lin Xin bites her lips and stayed silent.

"Hey, I know dao companion is simply a relationship for benefit. But, don't you think I could help you even more if I know the reason. I am a good guy after all." When Mike said the last line, even his voice got thin.

But, Lin Xin still didn't answer him.

"Come on! I am not scared of anything. Just tell me why are you forcing yourself for this?" Mike asked as he puts his hands on her waist.

"Because I want to kill a certain man, a great saint after entering the Saint World." Lin Xin finally opened her mouth and told him the reason but when she expected the hesitation from his eyes, she got nothing but confusion.

"Aren't you an idiot? You haven't even reached Half-Saint. Why do you want to enter the Saint World to kill that man? Shouldn't you enter the Saint World and cultivate to Great Saint Realm and then find him?" Mike asked.

"What if he reaches the Immortal World while I cultivate?" Lin Xin asked.

"Wait, what if you fight and die?" Mike asked.

"Even if I die, I will bring him down with me. I have prepared my whole life for that." Lin Xin had intense murderous intent when she explained.

"Are you an idiot? Why would you want to die just to kill another person? I mean I can understand this is all for revenge. But, learn to value your life more. I don't understand why did you succeed in remaining a virgin with such a thirst for revenge?" Mike exhaustedly spoke.

He truly loves but does not understand this world. Just how crazy these girls are for strength. Every girl that made contact with him in this world is just for strength. And, this made him even more confused. Just how much their parents or the condition of the world has forced them to get stronger.

'This world is truly cruel. On the one hand, it is a blessing for me since I never get a chance to know what exactly attracts women. What can a man do to get more than a single girl? It seems impossible without those techniques, doesn't it?'

Lin Xin remained silent for a moment before saying "You won't understand. Some things are much more important than life itself."

Although her words made sense, Mike didn't agree. Nothing could be more important than life. It's just how you try to achieve it. If you lose your life what's the point of having such a dream. That's why you must make sure that you won' die until you achieve your dream.

Mike clearly knows that she doesn't have the strength to hurt Great Saint. Even if she risks her life to get it, it's not going to work. What if she dies but her goal doesn't get accomplished. She lost everything and now she doesn't even have a chance to get it back.

This is what Mike learned during his three months in the void. He also considered himself a person who will risk his life to fulfill his dream. That's different from taking your life to fulfill the dream. At least, Mike will get a second chance to accomplish his dream.

Mike didn't know what to say to her. After all, she doesn't seem to be the one who will change her mindset soon. So, he looked into her eyes and said "Be together with me forever and I will promise to help you fulfill your goal."

His words froze her for a moment. She couldn't believe what Mike just said. She looked at him with confusion.

"I am not a normal guy as you can see. I am chasing women or rather talented women to be my wife. I want them because I have a dream in my life. To have a harem of thousands of women and for that I want you to be together with me."

"Is that how you really convince a lady?" Lin Xin looked at Mike with a smile and asked.

"You don't seem to be bothered by my words," Mike asked when he saw her smile.

"Well, I am not too sure that I will stick with you. So, I am not bothered by it." Lin Xin showed no interest since she didn't believe in his words. She just wanted to get to the Saint World and take her revenge. As for the rest, it didn't matter much to her.

Seeing her disinterest, Mike curved his lips. He didn't care if she was disinterested. He knows what he must do and there is nothing that can possibly stop him now. He grabs her waists and pulls her closer.

Without evening giving her a chance to speak, he puts his mouth on hers and savored that taste. His move made her startled. She didn't even get a chance to tremble. The only thing she could do was let him take a lead.

After his lips cover her, he moves his tongue and tries to enter her mouth. But, she didn't let him go that easily. Her teeth were blocking his path. He smirked and suddenly raised both of his hands to tear down her clothes.

This made her startled and her teeth misbalance. Getting this chance, he moved his tongue inside her. She instantly reacted but before she could close her mouth, Mike pinched her body. That woke her up and she controlled her mouth.

If she was a little late, then she would've bitten his tongue. That would be a pretty messed up thing to do. With no choice, she lets him do whatever he wanted. He keeps passionately kissing her lips. That made her even more frustrated because she couldn't do anything.

Suddenly, she felt her breathing was getting harder. She pushed him away and rapidly breathe harder. But, Mike instantly grabbed her waist and pulled her into his arms, saying "If you are breathless just by this, then how can you survive the main dish?"

Hearing his words, Lin Xin blushed fiercely with shame. Suddenly her eyes sparkled as she took the initiative to kiss him. Her move was bold but her lips were trembling. At this moment, Mike giggled in his heart and caught the back of her head.

He instantly turned the passionate kiss into a hardcore kiss.

::::::::

Check out: Tower Ascension

You will love it

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 311
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While having a hardcore kiss, Mike raised his hand and tore her clothes. Her bouncy boobs were still covered with the white bra. But, he could see the size was quite big.

Just by removing her cloth, he had already made her shake like crazy. He calmed down and focused on his kiss. But soon, he held her hand. He slowly moves her hand to his body. She wasn't taking any initiative and he wasn't someone with a high patience.

He took her hand to his crotch. But, she tried to pull it back when her finger touched his supreme rod. She became incredibly shy just by the touch. But, he still forced her. He made her fingers wrap around his supreme rod while he rolls his tongue inside her.

Slowly, her passion started bursting out as she moved her hand. She started stroking it. There is a different kind of feeling that an amateur could give. Mike liked this feeling specially when her soft hand moves around his supreme rod.

Mike suddenly puts his hands on her ass. This startled her as she tried to break free but he caught her tight. His hands covered those juicy ass. He suddenly pushed her above and made her hand separate from his supreme rod.

Holding her in his arms, he started ravaging her mouth while slowly moving towards the bed. As soon as he reached the bed, he separates his mouth and falls over the bed. Though he was worried that he might injured her so he took caution while landing above her.

Though when he fell, her bouncy boobs' strikes his chest but those bras kept the feeling to themselves. This force Mike to remove that bra. While she hesitated but when she thought about having sex with him, all of her hesitation washed away.

As those white bouncy boobs' fell in his eyes, he leans down his head and puts the nipple on his mouth.

"Hnggg!"

When his mouth covered her nipple, a soft moan escapes her mouth. This made Mike agitated as started globing that nipple. Of course, he didn't leave another nipple alone. What's the point of having hands if he leaves that alone?

He held another nipple with his left hand fingers and started rubbing it. He slowly moves his hand down and holds the entire boob, fondling it. Slowly, he moves his right hand at the bottom. There was only her panty.

He didn't tear it apart rather slides his hand under it which was much better. His movement stiffened her body but soon she accepts it as Mike keeps on going. He didn't stop until he reaches the outermost part of her cave.

He didn't enter directly rather hold it there and plays around for a while. Soon, he moves one of his finger inside and slowly penetrates deeper.

"Ahhhh! "Mhmm!"

Her moans started getting louder as his single finger enters her cave. He plays around for a while for a moment and then pierced his second finger. With both fingers inside, he started stretching her walls. His movements were turning her on faster.

Her moans were resounding on the room. Mike kept doing so until he finally stopped fingers moving around and started striking into her G-Spot. He curved his fingers and started hitting that spot to make her feel even better.

"Ohhhhh! Yeaahhhhh! Mhmmm! Ahhh!"

Slurp! Slurp! Slurp! Slurp!

While he was putting his fingers inside her, he didn't stop sucking on her nipples. His was playing with it while feasting up half of the boobs.

His finger kept playing with her another boob. He kept playing with her for a long time until Lin Xin shouted.

"Ahhhhh! Something is coming. It's coming out."

Splash!

The next moment, white juice flowed out of her hand and made his hand wet. At this moment, Mike smirked because he know now she was ready for the main dish. And, Mike didn't wait. After she came, her breathing got faster.

While she tried to catch up with her breathing, he sneaked below. He threw away his clothes including his underwear. He also removed her panty. But just when he showed her the supreme rod, she raised her upper body and shouted "Wait!"

Mike stopped and looked at her weirdly. Getting his gaze, her expression turned shy. Her gaze fell on the bed as she spoke "I want to do that."

Her fingers played with each other as she spoke.

"Do what?" Mike looked at her weirdly and asked. He simply didn't understand because he didn't think she would be courageous to do that.

"That!" She raised her finger and pointed at his supreme rod.

"Well, I am going to insert it inside you." Mike looked at her weirdly and spoke.

"No, I mean. I want to put it somewhere else." As she said, she pointed the finger at her mouth.

"Wait, you mean you want to suck it?" Mike's eyes widen as he looked at her. His voice rose so loud that it made her embarrassed to hide her face. When she didn't get any response from Mike, she slides her finger to look through her hands.

"Come on! What are you waiting for?" At this moment, Mike was already laying down on the ground. His supreme rod was towering up while he puts his arms below his head.

Seeing that thirteen inch supreme rod towering like sky scraper, she gulped down the saliva. Her body trembled a little as she slowly crawled near him. As she gets between his legs, she opens her mouth at the top of his rod.

As she puts the supreme rod inside her mouth, it enlarges to the point she starts feeling pain. Seeing this, Mike smiles and says "Try not to swallow everything at once. Start with the tip, use your tongue to make me feel good. Rub the tip with your tongue."

Hearing his words, she moves her head up. As her mouth leaves his supreme rod, the pleasure instantly disappears. But soon, she sticks out her tongue and started moving around his rod. At this moment, Mike focused on something else than pleasure.

It was his Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art. Within this month, he has found a way to access a devouring force. It was all thanks to his Void Law and Spirit Devourer. Using both of their core meaning and understanding, he added a new function to this art.

He wasn't sure if this is going to work. But if it does, then it means he has come one step closer to remove the Chaotic Path towards Harmony Technique and the system. Of course, he still needs to understand the Yin Law and Yang Law before he completely remove those.

But, he was indeed going on the right direction. Because once he gets successful, he will be one step closer to building the ultimate Dual Cultivation Body. A body that no longer requires any comprehension, no longer requires any laws, and if one wants then they will no longer require an energy.

It simply means he can easily use his own yang energy combined with the yin energy from the lady to form chaos. He doesn't need to energy because this body of his will use the energy normally absorbed by them to create chaos.

This is possible because of one thing. The function of this art which expands the yin energy particles and yang energy particles in their bodies. Whenever a person absorbs energy, his energy transform with his body and merges with some of its attributes.

The most common attribute of a male body is yang while female body is yin. When those energies merges with these attributes, they create tiny amount of yin energy particles and yang energy particles inside the main energy.

His Dual Cultivation Body can expands the yin energy particles and yang energy particles by constant friction of two genitals by pressurizing the main energy into their respective energy particles. So, how does his body creates pressure?

Well, it is kind of hard to explain but Mike planned to create the pressure from vibration. Whenever they have sex, it will be a lot vibration, even bed can move, not to mention their own bodies. So, his Dual Cultivation Body can absorb that vibration to create the pressure on both of their bodies.

But, this is only possible when they are synchronized together. That means whenever the supreme rod enters the pink cage, the Dual Cultivation Body will start working.

"Ha! Ha! Ha! Why aren't you coming?" Lin Xin asked with surprise as she started catching up breaths.

"Well, you are too immature. But, don't worry I've got this." Mike said as he suddenly pulls her in his arms and rolled around. As she gets beneath him, Mike smirks and slowly puts his supreme rod at the entrance. It was already too tight for him. But he didn't care. He simply hold his rod and slowly shoved it inside.

::::::::::::

Breaking new, guys! This book is going to end soon.

Check out author note for more content!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 312
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Ahhhh! Ngggg!" Lin Xin moaned as the supreme rod entered her tight and narrow cave. It was painful for the first time. But, slowly, she started getting the gist of it. Her moans were getting louder. And, she was slowly losing to the pleasure.

There was nothing to fight against this pleasure. Her body started enjoying each thrust to the fullest. Just like her boobs, her ass was jiggling a lot as well. Seeing that juicy ass, he suddenly got the thirst of smacking it.

Pa! Pa! Pa! Pa!

Mike had no reason to hold back. He started moving his hips faster as he smacked more inside her. His supreme rod was forcing its way inside. Mike was using Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art to the fullest, extending the space inside her cave.

Each thrust was knocking her soul out, and each time that happened, Mike was getting her memories. He slowly understood why she was so fixed on murdering this man. It was another cliché.  Because that man was none other than her father.

It turns out her father had obtained an art that could suck others' cultivation. Her father and her mother were also Martial Saints. He used that cultivation art to suck his wife's cultivation and make her the ordinary person.

And, not only that, he also knocked assaulted his wife's sister, her mother, and killed her father. After all that, he left everyone to die and left the Mortal World. And later, she found that her father had been doing this for his lifetime.

From Martial Advent Realm to Martial Saint Realm, he had been doing this. After finding those memories, Mike couldn't help but praise that guy. Because he is exactly what Mike has been hesitating to do. He wasn't a bad guy after all.

So, he won't go around doing this to his wife and others. And, that's what separates him and Mike. Mike respects his wives and knows that he can improve together with them. But, that man was too greedy. Although Mike liked that guy, he won't let him live.

After all, there is no way he won't try to have Heavenly Maiden by his side. At this moment, his cultivation rose like tides. The chaos energy produced from the yin and yang was spreading throughout his body.

He didn't stop for five days. Because there always has been the difference between him and Mike. Unlike him, Mike doesn't like wasting his time winning their heart. He simply knocks their heart with his supreme rod.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck me, harder Mu Chen!" It was the fifth day and Lin Xin was still screaming. There was no end to her desire for that meaty rod. It seems he won once again. But, on the sixth day, she passed out. He called out his other women and let them drink his semen.

After all, it was a heavenly resource for them. Having sex with her was truly beneficial to him. Mike was able to improve his cultivation by a little but his body cultivation rose by a whole realm.

After having that session with her, he looks at his system.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 3

Cultivation- Gold Realm

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +1000 STR, +10000 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-3), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-3), Desolate God Bloodline (Rank-1)

Physical Strength- Saint

Laws Manipulation- Half-Saint

Spirits- Martial Saint

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+200000 STR), Super Speed (+200000 AGI), Super Endurance (+200000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, Vanishing Aura, and Heaven Defying Armor

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Divine Abilities- Sex Aura, God Slaughtering Overlord Fist Essence (3-Layer), Golden Buddha Kong Body (3-Layer), Pleasure Hands, Unlimited Sex Stamina,

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, Pioneer Eyes, and Spirit Devourer

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Lin Xin (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden), Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 13 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*4, Supreme Fairy*1"

[Quest Complete!]

[System requests an evolution?]

[Would you like to evolve the system?]

Just like before, he received another quest reward. But, this time he didn't get bloodline or innate ability above God-Tier. So, before upgrading his system, he decided to get his other rewards.

Since, Lin Xin was on the bed, passed out and other ladies had left. He focused his mind on the body. The Chaos Body was still inside him but this time there was a major problem. He can't upgrade it without enough energy.

The system only allow access to upgrade it. It doesn't provide him energy. He thought for a moment and decided to let his system evolve his Pioneer Body. But, it seems the restriction still exists.

He must upgrade the system. So, he decided to upgrade the system while he left the inner world and returned to the palace. So after returning, he called out for the three hundred slaves. He found these slaves weren't very loyal.

Even after his threat, they were still having fun with other men. So, he decided to do some clean-up. After cleaning up, only a hundred remained which was a little less. As he cultivated forward, he found how hard it is to level up. Of course, by clean up didn't mean killing them.

He found a perfect way to punish those. He wanted to do the exact same thing with other women. That is to make them completely surrender to his supreme rod and then torture her by fucking another lady while making her watch all the time.

Even having six-day and night hardcore sex with a Heavenly Maiden, his realm didn't improve. He thought for a moment and decided to fuck these slaves. Since all of them were in a massive hall, he puts the restriction around the hall and the fuck session started.

There were hundreds of them and there is only one of him. He picked the queen first. It seems she has gotten very loyal to him and she was a perfect milf as well. Those bouncy breasts were hard to hide under that thin sheet of white cloth.

It only took him three minutes to start and make her scream in pleasure. He chooses an extraordinary way to do it. He asked all of them to remove their attire while he puts the queen above his dick.

She was facing the ladies while he fucks her pussy deep. It was almost mind-blowing to her. Those drools coming out of her saliva, her juicy ass smacking on his legs, and his thirteen inches long rod entering her entire cave.

The group of women didn't understand how he was able to fit that monstrous rod inside her without killing her. Slowly, the pleasure on queen's face was turning on everyone. They started moving their hands to their pussy.

At this moment, Mike suddenly froze their movements and asked them not to masturbate. If anyone does that, she will be expelled or even killed for that. It was an ultimate loyalty test from him.

And, those women knew that. It was hard and Mike didn't expect the result to be this good. Except for ten women, no one of them touched their pussies. It seems they were fully grown loyal to him.

Of course, he doesn't believe them completely. So, he first decided to make them lose their mind like the queen who was squirting every time she walks. There was nothing but heaven in her mind. Her pussy was wrenched with an insane amount of cum that she received as a blessing from him.

Originally, he was going to let other women lick that extra cum. But she insisted on having all that by herself. She used her own hand to cover it from falling and tried to suck more inside her womb.

Of course, Mike can never lose to producing cum no matter how many sessions he has. But, this time it was an ultimate challenge for him. He needed to cum in the pussy of ninety women and then there are other women.

Of course, they are different from these. Unlike these women, they won't receive his blessing. After the queen, it was the second concubine's turn. Soon, the entire royal hall was flooding with the scent of cum and piss.

Women were laying everywhere naked while Mike kept fucking whoever remained. While having sex with so many women, he realized just how far he was still to become the God of Sex.

But, this title, he must have it.. He must become the God of Sex.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 313
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After an intense month with those women, and also torturing other remaining women, everything finally came to an end. Not only did his cultivation improve, but system also evolved alongside his Pioneer Body, Celestial Bloodline, Desolate God Bloodline, and Brute Force.

After that, he took another month to deal with several other progress. After all, everything progressed so fast that he needed time to manage everything. It's not only he could directly ignore these things.

Mike walked out of the room with the status in front of his face while looking at his progress.

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 4

Cultivation- Lord Realm

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- Blue Brute Essence +10000 STR, +10000 AGI (SSS-Rank), Dark Element

Physique- Chaos Overlord Body (Rank-3), Destiny Star Spirit Physique (Rank-9)

Bloodline- Celestial Bloodline (Rank-4), Desolate God Bloodline (Rank-4)

Inborn Talent- Pioneer Body (Rank-4)

Physical Strength- True Saint

Laws Manipulation- Half-Saint

Spirits- Half-Saint

Chaos Body- Super Strength (+400000 STR), Super Speed (+400000 AGI), Super Endurance (+400000 DEF)

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Pioneer Skill- Anti-Mind Control Spell, Ten Thousand Poison Spell, Vanishing Aura, Heaven Defying Armor, and Burial Fist

Special Ability- Gravity Domain, Lightning Domain, Blood Domain, Chaos Domain, and Berserk Domain

Physique Ability- Domineering Force, Inner World, Skill Creation, Pioneer Eyes, Spirit Devourer, Chaos Energy

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: Zombie Mode 1.0, Godspeed Mode 2.0, Dual Partner Mode 3.0

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Lin Xin (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden), Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 313 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*6, Supreme Fairy*2"

"This should be enough. It's time to enter the Saint World." Mike spoke to himself as he flew out of the palace. At this moment, he was no longer a king. The crown belongs to the first prince.

His decision was biased but that is what it means to be a powerhouse. Among all other women that he conquered from this kingdom, the queen was the one who pleasured him the most. So, he decided to do her a favor make her son a king.

Of course, he also made sure to teach something to the new king. He taught him the thunder law and made him a new Martial Saint powerhouse. Now, everything was settled, it's time to leave this place.

But, he didn't fly towards the sky rather he decided to move around this world. With his speed, without even using teleportation, he could travel from continent to continent in a few days. Mike realized something.

During these days, he has never ever looked at nature and felt it. He was too much confined in the same place for a long time. So, he decided to give it a shot. He made himself invisible and flew across the oceans.

While flying, the wind gently hits his face and makes his body relax. He has forgotten this moment for a long time. He forgot the feeling of wind and the feeling of relaxation. He has been pushing himself too far for a long time.

He doesn't even consider going out. Though it was the Chaotic Path towards Harmony that made him like this. Because that art doesn't want mike to go out. It rather stays inside the cave which is its home.

Mike flew for a time until he stopped in the middle of the sky. He was above the middle of the ocean. He couldn't help but close his eyes for a moment.

"Come out!" When his eyes opened, Mike made a cold glare as he rolled his eyes to the side. Silently, a man holding a two meters long spear appeared out of thin air.

There was an intense killing intent radiating from his eyes and the way he looked at Mike was dangerous. It felt like he wanted to devour Mike.

"Deviant!" Seeing so much bloodlust, Mike looked at him and asked.

"It seems you know one or two things. Hahaha! This is fate. My bloodline can finally improve." There was not a single hint of fear in his eyes even though Mike wasn't hiding his True Saint Physical Strength.

"It seems like Deviants are nothing but a bunch of lunatics." Mike coldly stared at him and spoke. His words made the young man's laughter stopped. He stared at Mike and suddenly disappeared.

The next moment his spear tip appeared a few inches away from Mike. But suddenly, it stopped.

"Space God Scripture- Portal of Swords!"

Suddenly, a portal appeared behind the man and a sword came out with an extreme speed. But, the young man simply swings his hand and shattered the sword into pieces.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Unfortunately, that didn't stop, and more portals appeared at the random, shooting the swords towards a young man.

"Void Law! Troublesome ant!" The young man clicked his tongue as he disappeared. His spear was going for Mike's eyes but the Void Law blocked the space and made it unable to move.

While Mike got busy attacking him from behind, he broke the void restrictions and disappeared.

'It's not going to be easy.' Mike thought as he decided to take the initiative. He didn't understand why Deviants appeared in the mortal world at first. But, when he got the feeling of his strength, he understood not every deviant possesses deadly strength.

His body disappeared and suddenly the lightning sparkled above the young man who was several meters away from him. The lightning transformed into a spear. Mike held the spear and thrusts it at the young man.

"Using a spear against me? You are courting death!" The young man stared at Mike with deep killing intent and thrusts his spear. Suddenly, the red energy bloomed around it and formed a sharp tip on tip.

Bang! Crack! Crack!

His spear collides with Mike's spear and pierced through it. But when the spear was pierced, it separated the lightning bolts which struck his spear. Each bolt of lightning was destructive enough to make some crack on the spear.

Whoosh!

Mike instantly snapped his finger and teleported away. But at this moment, the young man was already above him. This made him startled. Because to be in that position, that young man must track his spatial coordinates and also travel than him.

"Tch! Do you think you can defeat me using the Space Law? Only Void Law can do some major but you can't use it, can you?" The young man disdained fully looked at Mike and sneered.

He was right. Mike doesn't have many offensive techniques for Void Law as well.

"Since you don't have anything, let's end this." Suddenly, the young man sprinted towards Mike. His speed was faster than the speeding bullet of a riffle. But suddenly, the blue lightning sparkled in his eyes.

Whoosh!

Bang!

Mike instantly entered the Godspeed Mode and ran on lightning. While running on lightning, he disappeared from the young man's view and struck the side of his stomach. Unfortunately, his strike didn't do much damage. The young man flew for a few miles and stopped.

Bang!

As soon as he turned his head to find Mike, he got another punch on his stomach. This time Mike didn't stop there and chased his flying body and smashed him from above. As he fell down, he once again chased the body and slammed a kick on his chest.

"Got you!" But when he thought the young man will fly up, he caught Mike's leg. His eyes got hideous as he slammed a chop on his leg.

Crack! Crack!

A single strike started breaking his leg. At this moment, Mike realized the strength of this young man. It was above True Saint. But he didn't understand how. This young man also seems to be very young.

Bang!

He raised his hand and slammed on Mike's chest. The impact smashed Mike a few miles away but just like Mike didn't stop. He instantly rushed towards Mike and slammed a kick on his neck. The strike broke his neck bone.

But, Mike wasn't dead. His body was True Saint Realm and with the Lord Realm cultivation, his real power was already enough to heal these without even Celestial Bloodline.

"Ant, this is your end!" Suddenly, the young man summoned a spear in his hand and raised the tip. The golden energy rose to the tip and encircled around it. Suddenly, the golden energy transformed into the golden flames.

"Spear of War God: Burning Hell!"

The young man rushed towards Mike with his spear pointing towards Mike. At the same time, the flames were burning the surrounding. Even the space was getting burned.

Suddenly, Mike stopped his body in the air. He rotates his body and his eyes change. The purple energy burst out from his eyes and spread to his arm. He pulled his arm and clenched his fist.

"Burial Fist!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 314
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The purple energy burst out of his fist. The space around him trembled and started cracking. The purple energy transformed into the fist that heads straight against the tip of the spear.

Boom!

When both of them collides, the space around them started disintegrating. The flames wildly spread around them and the space was burned as well. When the space couldn't repair fast, the void started taking its place.

Unfortunately, this void was too weak to make any difference. The purple fist didn't disintegrate until the tip of the spear broke.

Crack! Bang!

When the spear tip broke, the deviant's face turned ugly. Although his spear broke the fist as well, it was his weapon while the fist was just a form of energy. He couldn't believe his eyes for a moment. But suddenly, he noticed that Mike had disappeared.

At this moment, Mike appeared above him. The void law encircled his fingers as he transformed the space into the void itself. The blue sky around them disappeared as the dark space covered them.

Whoosh!

Suddenly, a giant sword rushed down from the dark sky. Seeing this, the deviant made a seriousness on his eyes and shouted "God Killing Bloodline!"

"Heaven and Earth- God's Spear!"

The ground started shaking below, even the dark space started trembling. A massive amount of golden energy burst out of the surrounded and encircled him. The red energy burst out of him and combined together with the golden energy.

Soon, this mixture formed a giant ten-meter spear. It had a sharp red tip with a golden shaft. The deviant had hideousness in his eyes when he stared at Mike.

Originally, he was simply scouting this mortal world and searching for opportunities to improve himself. The Deviants are trained in a special universe that lies in the center of the multiverse. Most of them travel the multiverse in order to gain massive resources.

With their enormous talent, there is almost not a single person who possibly outmatch them. Even people with Omega Bloodline fear them unless they are way stronger. The God Killing Bloodline was a special bloodline that could improve by devouring Omega Bloodline.

Since the start of the multiverse, Omega has ruled it as a god. So, naturally, the people who overthrew them called themselves God Killer.

"Spirit of Domination!"

Suddenly, a black gas gushed out of his body and covered the invisible sword. The Spirit of Domination was the spirit he created after combining all of his spirits. And, it wasn't simply the combination. This spirit has a uniqueness that can be unrivaled.

As the massive black sword moved towards the spear, two different kinds of energies condensed at each side of the sword. One was red energy while another was blue. It was Yin and Yang's energy created out of the world by the Spirit of Domination.

This makes the Spirit of Domination unique because it can condense Yin and Yang Law on its own. Though he doesn't know-how. Because this spirit was an accident. This is why Mike has been unsuccessful to create a perfect Dual Cultivation Body.

Bang!

When the sword and the spear collide together, the eyes of the deviant widen. He made an angry gaze and suddenly took out a red button. As soon as he pressed the button, the void sword pierced his chest. Slowly, his body got disintegrated into pieces.

At this moment, Mike raised his eyes and spoke "Claire, it's time to say goodbye!"

"Huh! What do you mean, Mike?" Claire's voice was full of confusion as she asked.

At this moment, Mike raised his hand and suddenly a silver ball appeared in his hand. When Claire saw the silver ball, her eyes widened "Mike, what are you doing? Why do you have that?"

But, Mike didn't speak a word. He sighed and the Spirit of Domination burst out of his hand. As it covered the entire ball, Mike screamed "Ahhhhhh!"

This wasn't because of Spirit of Domination. Instead, there was a certain kind of energy flowing out of his body and entering the ball.

"MIKE, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING? WHY AREN'T YOU ANSWERING ME?" Claire suddenly appeared in front of him and shouted. But suddenly, she turned around as she felt several auras around her.

In just a few seconds, dozens of people arrived in front of Mike. When she saw this, her mouth instantly shut up. She turned back at Mike as two-stream of tears fell down her cheeks.

"Take care of the person who inherits this! I have already set the restriction." Suddenly, Mike approached her and kissed her lips. After he separates, he smiled and said "This is my goodbye.

"no, No, NOO!!!" Claire shouted with tears falling down her cheeks. Everything seems unbelievable to her but for Mike who could see the future, everything was predictable. But, there are many things that he couldn't overcome.

Mike looked at the sky and muttered "Johnny, I don't understand. Why are you so upset when you have such background?"

At this moment, he clenched his hand as Claire's figure slowly entered the silver ball. Mike took a deep breath and looked at them "Hi! It seems all of you are here to kill me."

"We can't let the heir of Omega live. You must die." One of them spoke. He had a bald head and a sword in his hand.

"It seems Omega has abandoned you." A young man looked at him with a smile and said.

Mike shook his head. It's not that Omega had abandoned him rather they are now hunting Jenny. Mike looked at them and muttered "Having the ability to see the future is certainly a curse."

If he hadn't known about Jenny, he wouldn't have taken this step. It's only because he saw the death of Jenny at the hands of Omega, he decided to take this step.

"I failed to achieve my dream, huh! Well, I did live a beautiful life." In an instant, dozens of memories where he spent time with Jenny and others came into his mind. But when he carefully remembered it, he noticed there was nothing but sex.

"Hahaha!" Suddenly, Mike bursts into laughter as he remembers his time. But, soon two-stream of tears fell down his cheek as he clenched his fist "Sorry Jenny, Lauren, Alena, Olive, sorry that I couldn't accompany you."

At this moment, his eyes changed. He looked at those men as the purple energy burst out of him. Seeing that purple energy, every person present in the sky clenched their fists.

"Pioneer Body!"

At this moment, Mike burst open his sea of consciousness and embraced the massive purple body. Suddenly, his entire body overflowed with purple energy.

"Burn!"

The next moment, time, space, life, death, and cycle of reincarnation everything stopped. Even those people who were already moving towards him. Slowly, his eyes started bleeding. Instantly he disappeared and appeared in the void.

He turned around and saw another world shining brightly in the void. He smiled and turned at the world in front of him. This world was his multiverse. And, he was standing in the void outside the multiverse. Slowly, his desolate god bloodline evaporates inside him.

Mike hurriedly raised his hand and the purple energy burst out of him. Five fingers slowly closed and the multiverse in front of him suddenly shrunk into a single atom and the next moment it grew back to its normal size.

Of course, Mike was still bigger than the multiple. This was the true form of Pioneer Body, creator of the multiverse. But, Mike realized even Pioneer wasn't invincible. Because there was another world outside his multiverse.

And, it was called Omniverse. Unfortunately, Mike understands he will never get a chance to visit this place again. At this moment, he had accomplished what his father-in-law was desperately trying to achieve but in a different way.

He transformed the virtual part of the multiverse into a reality. And, now there are two fewer forces in the multiverse. Omega and Deviants have disappeared from the multiverse simply because he erased them.

"Man, if I could do something like this why did I even train so hard for?" Mike mumbled to himself but knew that was just a joke. He did everything at the cost of his own life. Mike slowly shrunk back to his normal self.

But, at this moment, there was a certain change. Mike still smirked and said "System Status!"

"Yin-Yang Harmony System- Level 4

Cultivation- None

User- Mike Tyson

Innate Ability- None

Physique- None

Bloodline- None

Inborn Talent- None

Physical Strength- None

Laws Manipulation- None

Spirits- None

Chaos Body- None

Cultivation Technique- Chaotic Path towards Harmony, Mighty Invincible Heavenly Dragon Art

Skills- Desolate Berserk Scripture, Lightning King Scripture, Energy Manipulation Scripture, Devouring Blood Scripture, Space God Scripture, and Chaos Scripture

Special Ability- None

Spirit- Slaughter Spirit, Fighting Spirit, Spear Spirit, Blood Spirit, Sword Spirit, and Chaos Spirit

God of Sex Versions: None

Yin-Yang Partners- Jenny Flora, Lauren Green (Heavenly Maiden), Scarlet Stagroar (Supreme Fairy), Olive Xavier (Heavenly Maiden), Alena Babbage (Supreme Fairy), Lin Xin (Heavenly Maiden)

Yin-Yang Slave- Xiao Je (Heavenly Maiden), Sunny Sen, Liora Miller Tori Pratt, Alice, Ava Eliot, Luo Zemin, and 313 others

System Points: 310142

Inventory- Howling Tiger Spear, Whirlwind Boots, Golden Slime, Black Dragon Saber, and Wind Sword.

System Level Up Condition- Heavenly Maiden*6, Supreme Fairy*2"

"I guess this is the end." Mike slowly closed his eyes as he sees his status. Slowly, his heartbeat stopped. The blood inside him dried up. His cells were rioted and even bones were broken. At this moment, nothing could help Mike because he was dead.

At this moment, Jenny was standing in a dark space. She didn't know why but tears kept falling down her cheeks. Her heart was in pain that she couldn't even bear.

Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!

Suddenly, three swords appeared next to Mike.

"Wasn't he supposed to be a protagonist of this era?" A handsome man standing on a red sword spoke.

"Well, now he is not." Another man standing on a silver sword spoke.

"Can we save him?" A man standing on the blue sword spoke.

"For what? This is his choice. He decimated his enemies and made a better world. That's why he possesses that physique. He has done his job. So, why save him?" The man standing on the silver sword asked.

"Because he hasn't fulfilled his dream." The man standing on the red sword spoke as he deeply glanced at Mike.

"I want someone to block my sword with a fist." The man standing on the blue sword answered.

Hearing them, the man standing on the silver sword got speechless. He pointed his finger at them and shouted "Can't you be a little less selfish? Don't you think we should save him because he did what we weren't capable of?"

"My sword can only kill people." The man in blue and red spoke at the same time.

"Well, you are right. And, it was all your son's fault." The man standing on the silver sword nodded his head and scorned the man standing on the red sword.

"That's why he couldn't reach our level." The man in a red sword suddenly released the sadness in his eyes and sighed.

"Well, save him now!" The man in the blue sword looked at the man in silver sword and spoke.

The man in silver sword sighed and turned around "You have fulfilled your destiny. Even though you died while doing so, you still did what you were meant to do. From now on, you can walk out of the realm. In this new life, do everything to achieve your dream."

When he said that, Mike's lips suddenly curved. Seeing this, his eyes narrowed. He turned around and looked at the other two. Suddenly, a burst of laughter rang on the void.

"Hahahahaha!"

::::::::::::

I know this is a little unacceptable for a few people. But, I think this is the best ending for him. After all, Mike never took the path of hard work whether it was cultivation or comprehension. Now, someone will inherit that Dual Cultivation Body. And, it will be the story of another protagonist. But, this time it will be a little twist.. I will release the new book soon. Also, don't forget to read Tower Ascension